PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990 104 STAT. 4941

(A statement summarizing in plain and understand-
able English the election available with respect to such
State under section 3014 and the types of property that may
be exempted under each of the alternatives specified in
paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 3014(a), and a statement
that different property may be so exempted with respect to
the State in which the debtor resides.)
"If you are [name of debtor] and you disagree with the reason the
Government gives for taking your property now, or if you think you
do not owe the money to the Government that it says you do, or if
you think the property the Government is taking qualifies under
one of the above exemptions, you have a right to ask the court to
return your property to you.
"If you want a hearing, you must promptly notify the court. You
must make your request in writing, and either mail it or deliver it in
person to the clerk of the court at [address]. If you wish, you may use
this notice to request the hearing by checking the box below and
mailing this notice to the court clerk. You must also send a copy of
your request to the Government at [address], so the Government will
know you want a hearing. The hearing will take place within 5 days
after the clerk receives your request, if you ask for it to take place
that quickly, or as soon after that as possible.
"At the hearing you may explain to the judge why you think you
do not owe the money to the Government, why you disagree with the
reason the Government says it must take your property at this time,
or why you believe the property the Government has taken is
exempt or belongs to someone else. You may make any or all of
these explanations as you see fit.
"If you think you Uve outside the Federal judicial district in
which the court is located, you may request, not later than 20 days
after you receive this notice, that this proceeding to take your
property be transferred by the court to the Federal judicial district
in which you reside. You must make your request in writing, and
either mail it or deliver it in person to the clerk of the court at
[address]. You must also send a copy of your request to the Govern-
ment at [address], so the Government will know you want the
proceeding to be transferred.
"Be sure to keep a copy of this notice for your own records. If you
have any questions about your rights or about this procedure, you
should contact a lawyer, an office of public legal assistance, or the
clerk of the court. The clerk is not permitted to give legal advice, but
can refer you to other sources of information.'
"(2) By requesting, at any time before judgment on the claim for a
debt, the court to hold a hearing, the debtor may move to quash the
order granting such remedy. The court shall hold a hearing on such
motion as soon as practicable, or, if requested by the debtor, within 5
days after receiving the request for a hearing or as soon thereafter
as possible. The issues at such hearing shall be limited to—
"(A) the probable validity of the claim for the debt for which
such remedy was granted and of any defense or claim of exemp-
tion asserted by such person;
"(B) compliance with any statutory requirement for the issu-
anceof the prejudgment remedy granted;
"(C) the existence of any ground set forth in subsection (b);
and
"(D) the inadequacy of alternative remedies (if any) to protect
the interests of the United States.