104 STAT. 4820

Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990.

PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

TITLE V—PROTECTION OF CRIME VICTIMS

42 USC 10601 SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE.
note.
This title may be cited as the “Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990”.

42 USC 10606. SEC. 502. VICTIMS’ RIGHTS.
(a) BEST EFFORTS TO ACCORD RIGHTS.—Officers and employees of the Department of Justice and other departments and agencies of the United States engaged in the detection, investigation, or prosecution of crime shall make their best efforts to see that victims of crime are accorded the rights described in subsection (b).
(b) RIGHTS OF CRIME VICTIMS.—A crime victim has the following rights:

(1) The right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim’s dignity and privacy.
(2) The right to be reasonably protected from the accused offender.
(3) The right to be notified of court proceedings.
(4) The right to be present at all public court proceedings related to the offense, unless the court determines that testi­mony by the victim would be materially affected if the victim heard other testimony at trial.
(5) The right to confer with attorney for the Government in the case.
(6) The right to restitution.
(7) The right to information about the conviction, sentencing, imprisonment, and release of the offender.

(c) NO CAUSE OF ACTION OR DEFENSE.—This section does not create a cause of action or defense in favor of any person arising out of the failure to accord to a victim the rights enumerated in subsection (b).

42 USC 10607. SEC. 503. SERVICES TO VICTIMS.
(a) DESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE OFFICIALS.—The head of each department and agency of the United States engaged in the detec­tion, investigation, or prosecution of crime shall designate by names and office titles the persons who will be responsible for identifying the victims of crime and performing the services described in subsec­tion (c) at each stage of a criminal case.
(b) IDENTIFICATION OF VICTIMS.—At the earliest opportunity after the detection of a crime at which it may be done without interfering with an investigation, a responsible official shall—
(1) identify the victim or victims of a crime;
(2) inform the victims of their right to receive, on request, the services described in subsection (c); and
(3) inform each victim of the name, title, and business address and telephone number of the responsible official to whom the victim should address a request for each of the services de­scribed in subsection (c).

(c) DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES.—(1) A responsible official shall—