104 STAT. 4790			PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

SEC. 102. ELECTRONIC SCANNING OF CERTAIN UNITED STATES CURRENCY NOTES.

Establishment (a) ELECTRONIC SCANNING TASK FORCE.—(1) Not more than thirty days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this section referred to as the "Secretary") shall appoint an Electronic Scanning Task Force (hereafter in this section referred to as the "Task Force") to—

	(A) study methods of printing on United States currency notes issued under section 5115 of title 31, United States Code, in denominations of $10 or more a serial number on each such United States currency note that may be read by electronic scanning;
    
	(B) make an assessment of the cost of implementing such electronic scanning of such United States currency notes; and
    
	(C) make recommendations about the amount of time needed to implement such electronic scanning.
    
	(2) In appointing members to the Task Force described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall appoint such number of members as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. The Secretary, shall, at a minimum appoint to the Task Force—
    
		(A) the Assistant Secretary for Enforcement in the Department of the Treasury (who shall serve as a nonvoting, ex officio member);
        
		(B) at least one recognized expert from each of the following fields relating to electronic scanning technology:
        
			(i) coding,
            
			(ii) symbology,
            
			(iii) scanning systems,
            
			(iv) computer data compilation, and
            
			(v) printing technology, and
            
		(C) Representatives from each of the following:
        
			(i) the Bureau of Engraving and Printing,
            
			(ii) the Federal Reserve Board, and
            
			(iii) the United States Secret Service.
            
		(3) Except as provided in paragraph (2)(A), no individual who is a full-time employee of the Federal Government may serve as a member of the Task Force.
        
		(4) The provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply with respect to the Task Force.
        
		(5) Members of the Task Force shall, while attending meetings and conferences of the Task Force or otherwise engaging in the business of the Task Force (including travel time), be entitled to receive compensation at a rate fixed by the Secretary, but not exceeding the rate specified at the time of such service under GS—18 of the General Schedule established under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code.
        
		(6) While away from their homes or regular places of business on the business of the Task Force, such members may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for persons employed intermittently in the Government service.
        
		(7) Upon the issuance of the report by the Secretary under subsection (b), the Task Force shall cease to exist.
        
		(b) REPORT TO THE CONGRESS.—Not later than one hundred and eighty days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue a report to the appropriate committees of the Congress.