104 STAT. 4934            PUBLIC LAW 101-647 - NOV. 29, 1990


"(A) a United States attorney, an assistant United States 
attorney designated to act on behalf of the United States 
attorney, or an attorney with the United States Depart- 
ment of Justice or with a Federal agency who has litigation 
authority; and 
"(B) any private attorney authorized by contract made in 
accordance with section 3718 of title 31 to conduct litigation 
for collection of debts on behalf of the United States. 
"(2) 'Court' means any court created by the Congress of the 
United States, excluding the United States Tax Court. 
"(3) 'Debt' means- 
"(A) an amount that is owing to the United States on 
account of a direct loan, or loan insured or guaranteed, by 
the United States; or 
"(B) an amount that is owing to the United States on 
account of a fee, duty, lease, rent, service, sale of real or 
personal property, overpayment, fine, assessment, penalty,
restitution, damages, interest, tax, bail bond forfeiture, re- 
imbursement, recovery of a cost incurred by the United 
States, or other source of indebtedness to the United States, 
but that is not owing under the terms of a contract origi- 
nally entered into by only persons other than the United 
States; 
and includes any amount owing to the United States for the 
benefit of an Indian tribe or individual Indian, but excludes any 
amount to which the United States is entitled under section 
3011(a). 
"(4) 'Debtor' means a person who is liable for a debt or against 
whom there is a claim for a debt. 
"(5) 'Disposable earnings' means that part of earnings remain-
ing after all deductions required by law have been withheld. 
"(6) 'Earnings' means compensation paid or payable for per-
sonal services, whether denominated as wages, salary, com- 
mission, bonus, or otherwise, and includes periodic payments 
pursuant to a pension or retirement program. 
"(7) 'Garnishee' means a person (other than the debtor) who 
has, or is reasonably thought to have, possession, custody, or 
control of any property in which the debtor has a substantial 
nonexempt interest, including any obligation due the debtor or 
to become due the debtor, and against whom a garnishment 
under section 3104 or 3205 is issued by a court. 
"(8) 'Judgment' means a judgment, order, or decree entered in 
favor of the United States in a court and arising from a civil or 
criminal proceeding regarding a debt. 
"(9) 'Nonexempt disposable earnings' means 25 percent of 
disposable earnings, subject to section 303 of the Consumer 
Credit Protection Act. 
"(10) 'Person' includes a natural person (including an individ-
ual Indian), a corporation, a partnership, an unincorporated 
association, a trust, or an estate, or any other public or private 
entity, including a State or local government or an Indian tribe. 
"(11) 'Prejudgment remedy' means the remedy of attachment, 
receivership, garnishment, or sequestration authorized by this 
chapter to be granted before judgment on the merits of a claim 
for a debt. 
"(12) 'Property' includes any present or future interest, 
whether legal or equitable, in real, personal (including choses in