PUBLIC LAW 101-647--NOV. 29, 1990 104 STAT. 4955

time, the marshal shall schedule and notice a subsequent sale of the property as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2).
(4) RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF PURCHASERS.--
(A) TRANSFER OF TITLE AFTER SALE.--
(i) If property is sold under this subsection and the
successful bidder complies with the terms of the sale,
the United States marshal shall execute and deliver all
documents necessary to transfer to the successful
bidder, without warranty, all the rights, titles, in-
terests, and claims of the judgment debtor in the prop-
erty.
(ii) If the successful bidder dies before execution and
delivery of the documents needed to transfer owner-
ship, the United States marshal shall execute and de-
liver them to the successful bidder's estate. Such deliv-
ery to the estate shall have the same effect as if
accomplished during the lifetime of the purchaser.
(B) PURCHASER CONSIDERED INNOCENT PURCHASER WITH-
OUT NOTICE.--The purchaser of property sold under execu-
tion shall be deemed to be an innocent purchaser without
notice if the purchaser would have been considered an
innocent purchaser without notice had the sale been made
voluntarily and in person by the judgment debtor.
(C) LIABILITY OF SUCCESSFUL BIDDER WHO FAILS TO COM-
PLY.--A successful bidder at an execution sale who fails to
comply with the terms of the sale shall forfeit to the United
States the cash deposit or, at the election of the United
States, shall be liable to the United States, on a subsequent
sale of the property, for all net losses incurred by the United
States as a result of such failure.

(h) DISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS; FURTHER LEVY.--
(1) DISTRIBUTION OF SALE PROCEEDS.--(A) The United States
marshal shall first deliver to the judgment debtor such amounts
to which the judgment debtor is entitled from the sale of
partially exempt property.
(B) The United States marshal shall next deduct from the
proceeds of an execution sale of property an amount equal to
the reasonable expenses incurred in making the levy of execu-
tion and in keeping and maintaining the property.
(C) Except as provided in subparagraph (D), the United
States marshal shall deliver the balance of the proceeds to the
counsel for the United States as soon as practicable.
(D) If more proceeds are received from the execution sale
than is necessary to satisfy the executions held by the United
States marshal, the marshal shall pay the surplus to the judg-
ment debtor.
(2) FURTHER LEVY IF EXECUTION NOT SATISFIED.--If the pro-
ceeds of the execution sale of the property levied on are insuffi-
cient to satisfy the execution, the United States marshal shall
proceed on the same writ of execution to levy other property of
the judgment debtor.

"ยง 3204. Installment payment order

(a) AUTHORITY To ISSUE ORDER.--Subject to subsection (c), if it is
shown that the judgment debtor--