104 STAT. 4898        PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

(e) TIME FOR NOTICES.—(1) In the case of a valid declaration filed not more than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall send notification to a declarant pursuant to subsection (d) not later than 3 years after the date of filing of the declaration.
(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the case of a declaration filed more than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall send notification not later than 1 year after the date of filing of the declaration.
(B) If the Attorney General certifies that it is in the interest of the United States to give further consideration to the information provided in the declaration for an additional 90-day period, the Attorney General shall so notify the declarant in writing.
(f) CONFIDENTIALITY OF NOTICES.—All notices provided to a declarant under this section shall be kept confidential by the declarant in the same manner, and subject to the same penalties, as the declaration under section 2563.

SEC. 2567. UNREVIEWED DECLARATIONS; PETITION TO PURSUE ACTION AS PRIVATE CONTRACTOR.
(a) NOTIFICATION.—(1) If, pursuant to section 2566(d)(2), the Attorney General notifies a declarant that the declarant's allegations have not yet been addressed, the declarant may notify the Attorney General to award a contract pursuant to chapter 4 to pursue the case.
(2) A declarant's notification under paragraph (1) shall be filed with the Attorney General not later than 30 days after the date of service of notice under section 2566(d)(2), and the Attorney General shall respond to the notification not later than 30 days after receipt.
(b) CONTENTS OF RESPONSE.—In response to a notification under subsection (a)(1), the Attorney General shall—
(1) grant a contract pursuant to chapter 4; or
(2) proceed with an action.
(c) GRANT OF CONTRACT.—If the Attorney General decides to grant a contract, the declarant, after consultation with the Attorney General, shall have the right to select counsel to prosecute an action, and the declarant and the declarant's counsel shall act in accordance with chapter 4.

SEC. 2568. NONREVIEWABILITY OF ACTION BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Notwithstanding any other law, no court shall have jurisdiction over any claim based on any action taken by the Attorney General or any refusal to take action under this chapter, except for failure to provide notification under section 2566.

SEC. 2569. FINANCIAL INSTITUTION INFORMATION AWARD FUND.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established in the United States Treasury a special fund to be known as the Financial Institution Information Award Fund (referred to as the "Fund") which shall be available to the Attorney General without fiscal year limitation to pay awards to declarants pursuant to section 2565(c) and to pay special rewards pursuant to section 3059A of title 18, United States Code.
(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Fund such funds as are necessary to maintain the Fund at a level not to exceed $5,000,000.