104 STAT. 4884             PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

provision of chapter 40 of title 28, United States Code, any such activity by any current or former elected official or high-level executive branch official or any member of the immediate family of any such official;
    (2) ensure that Federal law relating to civil enforcement, asset seizure and forfeiture, money laundering, and racketeering are used to the fullest extent authorized to recover the proceeds of unlawful activities from persons who have committed crimes in and against the financial services industry; and
    (3) ensure that adequate resources are made available for the investigation and prosecution of fraud and other criminal activity in and against the financial services industry.
  (c) COMPENSATION.—The Special Counsel shall be paid at the basic pay payable for level V of the Executive Schedule.

28 USC 509 note.  SEC. 2538. ASSIGNMENT OF PERSONNEL.

There shall be assigned to the Financial Institutions Fraud Unit such personnel as the Attorney General deems necessary to provide an appropriate level of enforcement activity in the area of fraud and other criminal activity in and against the financial services industry.

28 USC 509 note.  SEC 2539. FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS FRAUD TASK FORCES.

  (a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Attorney General shall establish such financial institutions fraud task forces as the Attorney General deems appropriate to ensure that adequate resources are made available to investigate and prosecute crimes in or against financial institutions and to recover the proceeds of unlawful activities from persons who have committed fraud or have engaged in other criminal activity in or against the financial services industry.
  (b) SUPERVISION.—The Attorney General shall determine how each task force shall be supervised and may provide for the supervision of any task force by the Special Counsel.
  (c) SENIOR INTERAGENCY GROUP.—
    (1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Attorney General shall establish a senior interagency group to assist in identifying the most significant financial institution fraud cases and in allocating investigative and prosecutorial resources where they are most needed.
    (2) MEMBERSHIP.—The senior interagency group shall be chaired by the Special Counsel and shall include senior officials from—
    
      (A) the Department of Justice, including representatives of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Advisory Committee of United States Attorneys, and other relevant entities;
      (B) the Department of the Treasury;
      (C) the Office of Thrift Supervision;
      (D) the Resolution Trust Corporation;
      (E) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
      (F) the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency;
      (G) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and
      (H) the National Credit Union Administration.
    
    (3) DUTIES.—This senior interagency group shall enhance interagency coordination and assist in accelerating the investigations and prosecution of financial institutions fraud.