PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990        104 STAT. 4895

required under this subsection notwithstanding paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a).

(c) LOSS OF RIGHTS.—A declarant who discloses, except as provided by this title, the existence or filing of a declaration or the contents thereof to anyone other than a duly authorized Federal or State investigator or the declarant's attorney shall immediately lose all rights under this chapter.

SEC. 2564. INELIGIBILITY TO FILE VALID DECLARATIONS.
                                          12 USC 4204.
(a) IN GENERAL.—A declaration filed pursuant to section 811 and in accordance with sections 2562 and 2563 is valid unless—
(1) the declaration is filed by a current or former officer or employee of a Federal or State government agency or instrumentality who discovered or gathered the information in the declaration, in whole or in part, while acting within the course of the declarant's government employment;
(2) the declaration is filed by a person who knowingly participated in the violation of section 1517 of title 18, United States Code, or any of the sections of title 18, United States Code, referred to in section 951(c) of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, or any other fraudulent conduct with respect to which the declaration is made;
(3) the declaration is filed by an institution-affiliated party (as defined in section 3(u) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1813(u)) who withheld information during the course of any bank examination or investigation authorized pursuant to section 10 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 1820) which such party owed a fiduciary duty to disclose;
(4) the declaration is filed by a member of the immediate family of the individual whose activities are the subject of the declaration or where, in the discretion of the Attorney General, it appears the individual could benefit from the award; or
(5) the declaration consists of allegations or transactions that have been disclosed to a member of the public in a criminal, civil, or administrative proceeding, in a congressional, administrative, or General Accounting Office report, hearing, audit or investigation, by any other government source, or by the news media, unless the person providing the declaration is the original source of the information.

(b) DEFINITION.—For the purposes of subsection (a)(5), the term "original source" means a person who has direct and independent knowledge of the information contained in the declaration and who voluntarily provided the information to the government prior to the disclosure.

(c) NOTICE OF INVALIDITY.—If the Attorney General determines at any time that a declaration is invalid under this section, that a declaration fails to meet the requirements of section 2562, or that a declaration has been disclosed in violation of section 2563, the Attorney General shall notify the person who filed the declaration in writing that the declaration is invalid, and the declarant shall not enjoy any of the rights of the declarant listed in section 2565 or 2566.