104 STAT. 4806         PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

"§ 403. Protection of the privacy of child victims and child wit-
nesses

"A knowing or intentional violation of the privacy protection
accorded by section 3509 of this title is a criminal contempt punish-
able by not more than one year's imprisonment, or a fine under this
title, or both.".

(2) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the
beginning of chapter 21 of title 18, United States Code, is
amended by adding at the end thereof the following new item:
"403. Protection of the privacy of child victims and child witnesses.".

42 USC 13031. 
SEC. 226. CHILD ABUSE REPORTING.
(a) IN GENERAL.—A person who, while engaged in professional
capacity or activity described in subsection (b) on Federal land or in
a federally operated (or contracted) facility, learns of facts that give
reason to suspect that a child has suffered an incident of child
abuse, shall as soon as possible make a report of the suspected abuse
to the agency designated under subsection (d).
(b) COVERED PROFESSIONALS.—Persons engaged in the following
professions and activities are subject to the requirements of subsec-
tion (a):
(1) Physicians, dentists, medical residents or interns, hospital
personnel and administrators, nurses, health care practitioners,
chiropractors, osteopaths, pharmacists, optometrists, podia-
trists, emergency medical technicians, ambulance drivers,
undertakers, coroners, medical examiners, alcohol or drug treat-
ment personnel, and persons performing a healing role or
practicing the healing arts.
(2) Psychologists, psychiatrists, and mental health profes-
sionals.
(3) Social workers, licensed or unlicensed marriage, family,
and individual counselors.
(4) Teachers, teacher's aides or assistants, school counselors
and guidance personnel, school officials, and school administra-
tors.
(5) Child care workers and administrators.
(6) Law enforcement personnel, probation officers, criminal
prosecutors, and juvenile rehabilitation or detention facility
employees.
(7) Foster parents.
(8) Commercial film and photo processors.
(c) DEFINITIONS.—For the purposes of this section—
(1) the term "child abuse" means the physical or mental
injury, sexual abuse or exploitation, or negligent treatment of a
child;
(2) the term "physical injury" includes but is not limited to
lacerations, fractured bones, burns, internal injuries, severe
bruising or serious bodily harm;
(3) the term "mental injury" means harm to a child's psycho-
logical or intellectual functioning which may be exhibited by
severe anxiety, depression, withdrawal or outward aggressive
behavior, or a combination of those behaviors, which may be
demonstrated by a change in behavior, emotional response or
cognition;
(4) the term "sexual abuse" includes the employment, use,
persuasion, inducement, enticement, or coercion of a child to