104 STAT. 4902		PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV.29, 1990

(d) PROHIBITION OF DOUBLE AWARDS.—(1) No person shall receive both an award under this section and a reward under either section 34 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or section 3509A of title 18, United States Code, for providing the same or substantially similar information.
(2) When a person qualifies for both an award under this section and a reward under either section 34 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or section 3509A of title 18, United States Code, for providing the same or substantially similar information, the person may notify the Attorney General in writing of the person’s election to seek an award under this section or a reward under such other section.

(e) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY EXCEPTION.—For purposes of this section, funds or assets acquired by the United States shall not include any funds or assets acquired by any appropriate  Federal banking agency acting in any capacity or the Resolution Trust Corporation acting in any capacity, except for any civil money penalties recovered by a Federal banking agency through a final judgement, order, or settlement.

12 USC 4226.			SEC. 2581. RIGHTS OF DECLARANTS; NOTIFICATIONS; GOVERNMENT
					ACCOUNTABILITY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—A person who has filed a declaration that meets the requirements of sections 2576 through 2579 shall have the rights stated in this section.

(b) NOTICE OF DECISION NOT TO PURSUE.—If, after review, the Attorney General concludes that the information contained in a declaration should not be pursued in a proceeding to recover the asset or assets, the Attorney General shall so notify the declarant in writing and shall provide a brief statement of the reasons that the declaration will not be pursued.

(c) JUDGMENT, ORDER, OR SETTLEMENT.—(1) When the United States obtains a final judgment, order, or settlement transferring to the United States title to an asset or assets identified in a valid declaration filed under section 831, the Attorney General shall notify the declarant in writing of the entry of the judgment, order, or settlement.

	(2) A notice described in paragraph (1) shall contain—
		(A) the Attorney General’s determination of the amount of the award due the declarant under section 2580(c) upon recovery by the United States; and
		(B) a short statement of reasons for the amount of the award.

(d) NOTICE OF PENDENCY OF INVESTIGATION OR PROCEEDING.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), if the Attorney General has not provided the declarant with notice under subsection (b) or a notice of invalidity pursuant to section 2579 within 1 year after the date of filing of the declaration, the Attorney General shall notify the declarant in writing that—
	(A) there is a pending investigation or proceeding in the course of which the declarant’s allegations are being addressed; or
	(B) the declarant’s allegations have not yet been addressed.
	
	(2) If the Attorney General certifies that it is in the interest of the United States to give further consideration to the information provided in the declaration for an additional 90-day period, the Attorney General shall so notify the declarant in writing.