104 STAT. 4888		Reports.
PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

(3) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—A written report shall be made part of a determination not to hold a public hearing pursuant to paragraph (2) or not to publish a document pursuant to paragraph (1)(A). At the end of each calendar quarter, all such reports shall be transmitted to the Congress.

(4) TRANSCRIPT OF HEARING.—A transcript that includes all testimony and other documentary evidence shall be prepared for all hearings commenced pursuant to subsection (k). A transcript of public hearings shall be made available to the public pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code.

(5) DELAY OF PUBLICATION UNDER EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES.—If the Board makes a determination in writing that the publication of a final order pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) would seriously threaten the safety and soundness of an insured depository institution, the agency may delay the publication of the document for a reasonable time.

(6) DOCUMENTS FILED UNDER SEAL IN PUBLIC ENFORCEMENT HEARINGS.—The Board may file any document or part of a document under seal in any administrative enforcement hearing commenced by the agency if disclosure of the document would be contrary to the public interest. A written report shall be made part of any determination to withhold any part of a document from the transcript of the hearing required by paragraph (2).

(7) RETENTION OF DOCUMENTS.—The Board shall keep and maintain a record, for a period of at least 6 years, of all documents described in paragraph (1) and all informal enforcement agreements and other supervisory actions and supporting documents issued with respect to or in connection with any administrative enforcement proceeding initiated by such agency under this section or any other laws.

(8) DISCLOSURES TO CONGRESS.—No provision of this subsection may be construed to authorize the withholding, or to prohibit the disclosure, of any information to the Congress or any committee or subcommittee of the Congress.".

(2) PUBLIC HEARING.—Section 206(j)(1) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1786(j)(1)) is amended by striking "Such hearing shall be private, unless the Board, in its discretion, after fully considering the views of the party afforded the hearing, determines that a public hearing is necessary to protect the public interest.".

SEC. 2548. REPORT ON COURT BUSINESS IMPACT OF SAVINGS AND LOAN CRISIS.

Section 604(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
"(24) Lay before Congress, annually, statistical tables that will accurately reflect the business imposed on the Federal courts by the savings and loan crisis.".