PUBLIC LAW 101-647--NOV. 29, 1990

104 STAT. 4839

"(C) programs that stress parental and community involvement in combating student abuse of drugs and alcohol; and
"(D) other appropriate programs;
(2) that programs provided with assistance under the grant shall be designed to prevent or eliminate student abuse of drugs or alcohol;
(3) to use assistance provided under the grant to expand or replicate a program that has a demonstrated record of success at either the State or local level in preventing or eliminating student abuse of drugs or alcohol; and
(4) to ensure that the program to be expanded or replicated is appropriate for the students to be served, based on an assessment of their most important needs.
(f) APPLICATION.--A local educational agency or consortium described in subsection (a) that desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the chief executive office of the State at such time, in such manner, and containing or accompanied by such information and assurances as such officer may reasonably require. Each such application shall contain-- 
(1) a discussion of why the particular program to be assisted under the grant is appropriate for and responds to the particular needs of the students to be served;
(2) a complete description of the success of the program to be assisted under the grant in reducing or eliminating drug or alcohol abuse among students of compulsory school age;
(3) an assurance that the consortium concerned will provide assistance, in cash or in kind, for the program assisted under the grant in an amount equal to not less than 10 percent of the amount provided under the grant; and
(4) an assurance that funds received under the grant shall be used to supplement, not supplant, the amount of other Federal, State, and local funds expended for support of programs of the type described in subsection (b).".

SEC. 1505. SUPPORT OF SCHOOL-BASED RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES.

Section 5125(a) of the Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act of 1986 (20 U.S.C. 3195(a)) is amended-- 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (14) as paragraph (16)
(2) by redesignating paragraph (13) the second place it appears as paragraph (14);
(3) by striking "and" at the end of paragraph (14) (as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this section); and
(4) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following:
"(15) in the case of a local educational agency that determines that it provides sufficient drug and alcohol abuse education during regular school hours, after-school programs that provide drug and alcohol abuse education for school-aged children, including children who are unsupervised after school, and that may include school-sponsored sports, recreational, educational, or instructional activities (local educational agency may make grants or contracts with nonprofit community-based organizations that offer sports, recreation, education, or child care programs); and".

39-194 O - 91 - 15: QL 3 Part 6