PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990 104 STAT. 4793  

SEC. 212. AUTHORITY OF THE DIRECTOR TO MAKE GRANTS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Office of Victims of Crime (hereinafter in this subtitle referred to as the "Director”), in con-  sultation with officials of the Department of Health and Human Services, shall make grants to develop and implement multidisci- plinary child abuse investigation and prosecution programs.

(b) GRANT CRITERIA.—(1) The Director shall establish the criteria to be used in evaluating applications for grants under this section consistent with sections 262, 293, and 296 of subpart II of title II of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5665 et seq.).

(2) In general, the grant criteria established pursuant to para- graph (1) may require that a program include any of the following elements:
   (A) A written agreement between local law enforcement, social service, health, and other related agencies to coordinate child abuse investigation, prosecution, treatment, and counsel.
   (B) An appropriate site for referring, interviewing, treating, and counseling child victims of sexual and serious physical abuse and neglect (referred to as the “counseling center”).
   (C) Referral of all sexual and serious physical abuse and  neglect cases to the counseling center not later than 24 hours  after notification of an incident of abuse.
   (D) Joint initial investigative interviews of child victims by personnel from law enforcement, health, and social service agencies.
   (E) A requirement that, to the extent practicable, the same  agency representative who conducts an initial interview con.
   (F) A requirement that, to the extent practicable, all inter. views and meetings with a child victim occur at the counseling center.
   (G) Coordination of each step of the investigation process to minimize the number of interviews that a child victim must attend.
   (H) Designation of a director for the multidisciplinary program.
   (I) Assignment of a volunteer or staff advocate to each child in order to assist the child and, when appropriate, the child's family, throughout each step of judicial proceedings.
   (J) Such other criteria as the Director shall establish by regulation.

(c) DISTRIBUTION OF GRANTS.—In awarding grants under this secytion, the Director shall ensure that grants are distributed to both large and small States and to rural, suburban, and urban jurisdic. tions.

SEC. 213. GRANTS FOR SPECIALIZED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND 
   TRAINING PROGRAMS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall make grants to national  organizations to provide technical assistance and training to attor- neys and others instrumental to the criminal prosecution of child  abuse cases in State or Federal courts, for the purpose of improving  the quality of criminal prosecution of such cases.

(b) GRANTEE ORGANIZATIONS.—An organization to which a grant is  made pursuant to subsection (a) shall be one that has, or is affiliated