PUBLIC LAW 101-647--NOV. 29, 1990          104 STAT. 4811

    "(4) an assurance that the State application and any amend-
ment thereto was made public before submission to the Bureau
and, to the extent provided under State law or established
procedure, an opportunity to comment thereon was provided to
citizens and to neighborhood and community groups.

            "REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS

"SEC. 1404. (a) The Bureau shall provide financial assistance to     42 USC 
each State applicant under section 1402 of this title to provide     3796aa-3.
equipment and personnel training for the closed-circuit televising
and video taping of the testimony of children in criminal proceed-
ings for the violation of laws relating to the abuse of children, upon
determining that--
    "(1) there is in effect in such State a law that permits the
closed-circuit televising and video taping of testimony of chil-
dren in criminal proceedings for the violation of laws relating to
the abuse of children;
    "(2) such State law shall meet the following criteria:
        "(A) the judges determination that a child witness will be
traumatized by the presence of the defendant must be made
on a case-by-case basis;
        "(B) the trauma suffered must be more than de minimis;
        "(C) the child witness must give his/her statements under
oath;
        "(D) the child witness must submit to cross-examination;
and
        "(E) the finder of fact must be permitted to observe the
demeanor of the child witness in making his or her state-
ment and the defendant must be able to contemporaneously
communicate with his defense attorney;
    "(3) the application submitted under section 1402 or amend-
ment to such application is consistent with the requirements of
this title; and
    "(4) before the approval of such application and any amend-
ment thereto the Bureau has made an affirmative finding in
writing that such equipment and personnel training has been
reviewed in accordance with section 1403 of this title.
Each application or amendment made and submitted for approval to
the Bureau pursuant to section 1403 shall be deemed approved, in
whole or in part, by the Bureau not later than 60 days after first
received unless the Bureau informs the applicant of specific reasons
for disapproval.
    "(b) The Bureau shall not finally disapprove any application, or
any amendment thereto, submitted to the Director under this sec-
tion without first affording the applicant reasonable notice and
opportunity for reconsideration.

"ALLOCATION AND DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS UNDER FORMULA GRANTS

"SEC. 1405. (a) The total amount appropriated for this part in any      42 USC 
fiscal year shall be set aside for section 1402 and allocated to States  3796aa-4.
as follows:
    "(1) $50,000 shall be allocated to each of the participating
States.
    "(2) Of the total funds remaining after the allocation under
paragraph (1), there shall be allocated to each participating