104 STAT. 4868          PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

appointed conservator or receiver, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;”.

SEC. 2523. REGULATION OF GOLDEN PARACHUTES AND OTHER BENEFITS
WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO MISUSE.

(a) FDIC INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.—Section 18 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828) is amended by
inserting after subsection (i) the following new subsection:

“(k) AUTHORITY TO REGULATE OR PROHIBIT CERTAIN FORMS OF
BENEFITS TO INSTITUTION-AFFILIATED PARTIES.—

“(1) GOLDEN PARACHUTES AND INDEMNIFICATION PAYMENTS.—
The Corporation may prohibit or limit, by regulation or order,
any golden parachute payment or indemnification payment.
“(2) FACTORS TO BE TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT.—The Corporation
shall prescribe, by regulation, the factors to be considered by
the Corporation in taking any action pursuant to paragraph (1)
which may include such factors as the following :
“(A) Whether there is a reasonable basis to believe that
the institution-affiliated party has committed any fraudulent act or omission, breach of trust or fiduciary duty, or
insider abuse with regard to the depository institution or
depository institution holding company that has had a
material affect on the financial condition of the institution.
“(B) Whether there is a reasonable basis to believe that
the institution-affiliated party is substantially responsible
for the insolvency of the depository institution or depository
institution holding company, the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the depository institution, or the
depository institution's troubled condition (as defined in the
regulations prescribed pursuant to section 32(f)).
“(C) Whether there is a reasonable basis to believe that
the institution-affiliated party has materially violated any
applicable Federal or State banking law or regulation that
has had a material affect on the financial condition of the
institution.
“(D) Whether there is a reasonable basis to believe that
the institution-affiliated party has violated or conspired to
violate—
“(i) section 215, 656, 657, 1005, 1006, 1007, 1014, 1032,
or 1344 of title 18, United States Code; or
“(ii) section 1341 or 1343 of such title affecting a
federally insured financial institution.
“(E) Whether the institution-affiliated party was in a
position of managerial or fiduciary responsibility.
“(F) The length of time the party was affiliated with the
insured depository institution or depository institution
holding company and the degree to which—
“(i) the payment reasonably reflects compensation
earned over the period of employment; and
“(ii) the compensation involved represents a reasonable payment for services rendered.

“(3) CERTAIN PAYMENTS PROHIBITED.—No insured depository
institution or depository institution holding company may
prepay the salary or any liability or legal expense of any
institution-affiliated party if such payment is made—