104 STAT. 4896          PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

SEC. 2565. RIGHTS OF DECLARANTS; PARTICIPATION IN ACTIONS,
        AWARDS.
(a) In General.—A person who has filed a declaration that meets the requirements of sections 2561 through 2564 shall have the rights stated in this section.
(b) Civil Action.—If the Attorney General determines that a cause of action referred to in section 2561 based on the declaration should be referred to private counsel pursuant to chapter 4, the declarant, after consultation with the Attorney General, shall have the right to select counsel to prosecute the action, and the declarant and the declarant’s counsel shall act in accordance with chapter 4.
(c) Criminal Conviction.—(1) When the United States obtains a criminal conviction and the Attorney General determines that the conviction was based in whole or in part on the information contained in a valid declaration filed under section 2561, the declarant shall have the right to receive not less than $5,000 and not more than $100,000, any such award to be paid from the Financial Institution Information Award Fund established under section 2569.
            (2) In determining the size of any award under paragraph (1), the Attorney General may, in the Attorney General’s discretion, consider any appropriate factor, including—
                 (A) the seriousness of the offense for which the conviction was obtained;
                 (B) the extent to which the facts alleged in the declaration contributed to the conviction;
                 (C) the number of offenders apprehended pursuant to information provided by the declarant;
                 (D) whether or not the offender was previously under investigation by any law enforcement agency when the declaration was filed;
                 (E) the extent to which the declarant cooperated in the development of the Government’s case and its presentation at trial;
                 (F) the sentences and fines imposed on the offender and other offenders in related cases;
                 (G) the extent to which other sources of private information were relied upon; and
                 (H) the hardship to the declarant and any expenses the declarant incurred in preparing the declaration.
(d) Share of Funds and Assets.—(1) When the United States acquires funds or assets pursuant to the execution of a judgment, order, or settlement and the Attorney General determines that the judgment, order, or settlement was based in whole or in part on the information contained in a valid declaration filed under section 2561, the declarant shall have the right to share in the recovery as follows:
                 (A)(i) The declarant shall be entitled to 20 percent to 30 percent of any recovery up to the first $1,000,000 recovered, 10 percent to 20 percent of the next $4,000,000 recovered, and 5 percent to 10 percent of the next $5,000,000 recovered.
                    (ii) In calculating an award under clause (i), the Attorney General may consider the size of the overall recovery and the usefulness of the information provided by the declarant.
                 (B) When a declarant has received an award under subsection (c), the Attorney General may subtract the amount of that reward from any recovery under this subsection.