PUBLIC LAW 101-647--NOV. 29, 1990              104 STAT. 4875

        "(E) section 1341 (relating to mail fraud); or
        "(F) section 1343 (relating to wire fraud),
involving the sale of assets acquired or held by the Resolution
Trust Corporation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, 
as conservator or receiver for a financial institution or any 
other conservator for a financial institution appointed by the 
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Office of Thrift
Supervision, or the National Credit Union Administration, as
conservator or liquidating agent for a financial institution, shall
order that the person forfeit to the United States any property,
real or personal, which represents or is traceable to the gross 
receipts obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of such
violation.
        "(4) With respect to an offense listed in subsection (a)(3)
committed for the purpose of executing or attempting to execute 
any scheme or artifice to defraud, or for obtaining money or 
property by means of false or fraudulent statements, pretenses,
representations, or promises, the gross receipts of such an of-
fense shall include any property, real or personal, tangible or 
intangible, which is obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result 
of such offense.".

 SEC. 2526. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITIONS FROM CONSERVATORS AND
                RECEIVERS OF DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS BY CONVICTED
                   FELONS.
(a) FDIC INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.-Section 11 of the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1821) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new subsection:
   "(p) CERTAIN CONVICTED DEBTORS PROHIBITED FROM PURCHASING
                    ASSETS.-
             "(1) CONVICTED DEBTORS.-EXCEPT as provided in paragraph
(2), any individual who--
               "(A) has been convicted of an offense under section 215,
656, 657, 1005, 1006, 1007, 1008, 1014, 1032, 1341, 1343, or 
1344 of title 18, United States Code, or of conspiring to 
commit such an offense, affecting any insured depository 
institution for which any conservator or receiver has been
appointed: and
               "(B) is in default on any loan or other extension of credit
from such insured depository institution which, if not paid,
will cause substantial loss to the institution, any deposit 
insurance fund, the Corporation, the FSLIC Resolution 
Fund, or the Resolution Trust Corporation,
may not purchase any asset of such institution from the con-
servator or receiver.
              "(2) SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS.-Paragraph (1) shall not apply to
the sale or transfer by the Corporation of any asset of any 
insured depository institution to any individual if the sale or 
transfer of the asset resolves or settles, or is part of the resolu-
tion or settlement, of-
                "(A) 1 or more claims that have been, or could have been,
asserted by the Corporation against the individual; or
                "(B) obligations owed by the individual to any insured 
depository institution, the FSLIC Resolution Fund, the 
Resolution Trust Corporation, or the Corporation.".