PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990                  104 STAT. 4809

teaching), foster care, residential care, recreational or rehabilitative programs, and detention, correctional, or treatment services. 
(b) CRIMINAL HISTORY CHECK.—(1) A background check required
by subsection (a) shall be—
         (A) based on a set of the employee’s fingerprints obtained by a
         law enforcement officer and on other identifying information;
         (B) conducted through the Identification Division of the Fed-
         eral Bureau of Investigation and through the State criminal
         history repositories of all States that an employee or prospective
         employee lists as current and former residences in an employ-
         ment application; and
         (C) initiated through the personnel programs of the applicable
         Federal agencies.
(2) The results of the background check shall be communicated to
the employing agency.
(c) APPLICABLE CRIMINAL HISTORIES.—Any conviction for a sex
crime, an offense involving a child victim, or a drug felony, may be
ground for denying employment or for dismissal of an employee in
any of the positions listed in subsection (a)(2). In the case of an
incident in which an individual has been charged with one of those
offenses, when the charge has not yet been disposed of, an employer
may suspend an employee from having any contact with children
while on the job until the case is resolved. Conviction of a crime
other than a sex crime may be considered if it bears on an individ-
ual’s fitness to have responsibility for the safety and well-being of
children.
(d) EMPLOYMENT APPLICATIONS.—(1) Employment applications for
individuals who are seeking work for an agency of the Federal
Government, or for a facility or program operated by (or through
contract with) the Federal Government, in any of the positions listed
in subsection (a)(1), shall contain a question asking whether the
individual has ever been arrested for or charged with a crime
involving a child, and if so requiring a description of the disposition
of the arrest or charge. An application shall state that it is being
signed under penalty of perjury, with the applicable Federal punish-
ment for perjury stated on the application.
         (2) A Federal agency seeking a criminal history record check shall
         first obtain the signature of the employee or prospective employee
         indicating that the employee or prospective employee has been
         notified of the employer’s obligation to require a record check as a
         condition of employment and the employee’s right to obtain a copy
         of the . criminal history report made available to the employing
         Federal agency and the right to challenge the accuracy and
         completeness of any information contained in the report.
(e) ENCOURAGEMENT OF VOLUNTARY CRIMINAL HISTORY CHECKS
FOR OTHERS WHO MAY HAVE CONTACT WITH CHILDREN.—Federal
agencies and facilities are encouraged to submit identifying informa-
tion for criminal history checks on volunteers working in any of the
positions listed in subsection (a) and on adult household members in
places where child care or foster care services are being provided in
a home.