104 STAT. 4886        PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

(b) SPECIFICS OF REPORT.—The report required by subsection (a) shall—
(1) categorize data as to various types of financial institutions and appropriate dollar loss categories;
(2) disclose data for each Federal judicial district;
(3) describe the activities of the Financial Institution Fraud Unit; and
(4) list—
(A) the number of institutions, categorized by failed and open institutions, in which evidence of significant fraud, unlawful activity, insider abuse or serious misconduct has been alleged or detected;
(B) civil, criminal, and administrative enforcement actions, including those of the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies, brought against offenders;
(C) any settlements or judgments obtained against offenders;
(D) indictments, guilty pleas, or verdicts obtained against offenders; and
(E) the resources allocated in pursuit of investigations, prosecutions, and sentencings (including indictments, guilty pleas, or verdicts obtained against offenders) and related proceedings.
Public 
information.

SEC. 2547. CIVIL DISCLOSURE. 
(a) PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FEDERAL BANKING AGENCIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 8(u) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(u)) is amended to read as follows: 
"(u) PUBLIC DISCLOSURES OF FINAL ORDERS AND AGREEMENTS.— 
"(1) IN GENERAL.—The appropriate Federal banking agency shall publish and make available to the public on a monthly basis— 
"(A) any written agreement or other written statement for which a violation may be enforced by the appropriate Federal banking agency, unless the appropriate Federal banking agency, in its discretion, determines that publication would be contrary to the public interest; 
"(B) any final order issued with respect to any administrative enforcement proceeding initiated by such agency under this section or any other law; and 
"(C) any modification to or termination of any order or agreement made public pursuant to this paragraph. 
"(2) HEARINGS.—All hearings in the record with respect to any notice of charges issued by a Federal banking agency shall be open to the public, unless the agency, in its discretion, determines that holding an open hearing would be contrary to the public interest. 
"(3) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—A written report shall be made part of a determination not to hold a public hearing pursuant to paragraph (2) or not to publish a document pursuant to paragraph (1)(A). At the end of each calendar quarter, all such reports shall be transmitted to the Congress. 
"(4) TRANSCRIPT OF HEARING.—A transcript that includes all testimony and other documentary evidence shall be prepared for all hearings commenced pursuant to subsection (i). A transcript of public hearings shall be made available to the public pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code.