104 STAT. 4890    PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990


whom shall be appointed upon the recommendation of the minority leader of the Senate.
(b) ELIGIBILITY.—No member, officer, or employee of the executive, legislative, or judicial branch of the Federal Government or of any State or local government may be a member of the Commission.
(c) TERMS.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Each member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission.
    (2) VACANCY.—A vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made.
(d) PROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), members of the Commission shall serve without pay.
    (2) TRAVEL EXPENSES.—Each member shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code.
(e) QUORUM.—5 members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum but 3 members may hold hearings.
(f) CHAIRPERSON.—The Chairperson of the Commission shall be elected by the Commission from among its members.
(g) MEETINGS.—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chairperson or of 5 members of the Commission.
(h) PROXY VOTING.—Members of the Commission may vote by proxy.
SEC. 2554. POWERS OF COMMISSION; HEARINGS AND SESSIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Commission may, for the purposes of carrying out this subtitle, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate.
(b) WITNESSES; ADMINISTRATION OF OATHS.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (2) and, in the case of a subpoena, to subsection (c), the Commission may call witnesses and administer oaths or affirmations to witnesses appearing before the Commission.
    (2) COORDINATION OF CERTAIN TESTIMONY AND EVIDENCE.—(A) In any case where the Commission intends to call a witness or receive evidence (including a witness or evidence to be subpoenaed in accordance with subsection (c)) to provide testi- mony concerning a specific savings and loan association or the role of any person in connection therewith, the Commission shall, in writing not less than 21 days prior to the taking of such testimony or receiving such evidence, provide the Attorney General, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, and the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Resolution Trust Corporation with—
        (i) the name of the savings and loan association involved;
        (ii) the date and location of the testimony or the receipt of evidence; and
        (iii) as appropriate, the name of the witness and a specific identification of the subject matter about which such wit- ness is to testify or provide evidence, or the specific nature of the evidence to be received.
      (B) If the Attorney General, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, or the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Resolution Trust Corporation determines that taking such testimony or receiving such evi