104 STAT. 4840                                   PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

                    SEC. 1506. SUPPORT OF SCHOOL-BASED DRUG ABUSE COUNSELING PRO- 
                    GRAMS.
                    (a) GENERAL AUTHORITY.—Part C of the Drug-Free Schools and
               Communities Act of 1986 (20 U.S.C. 3201) is amended to read as
               follows:
                         "PART C—TRAINING OF TEACHERS, 
                    COUNSELORS, AND SCHOOL PERSONNEL

20 use 3201.           "SEC. 5128. GRANTS FOR TRAINING OF TEACHERS.
                              "(a) IN GENERAL.—From amounts appropriated pursuant to the
                         authorization contained in section 5111(a)(2), the Secretary shall
                         make grants to State educational agencies, local educational agen-
                         cies, and institutions of higher education for teachers training pro-
                         grams in accordance with this section.
                              "(b) USE OF FUNDS.—Amounts made available under grants under
                         this section shall be used to establish, expand, or enhance programs
                         and activities for the training of elementary and secondary school
                         teachers and administrators, and other elementary and secondary
                         school personnel concerning drug and alcohol abuse education and
                         prevention.

20 use 3202.           "SEC. 5129. GRANTS FOR TRAINING OF COUNSELORS.
                              "(a) IN GENERAL.—
                                  "(1) From amounts appropriated pursuant to the authoriza-
                              tion contained in section 5111(a)(2), the Secretary shall give
                              priority to making a substantial number of grants to qualified
                              State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and
                              institutions of higher education for programs to train coun-
                              selors, social workers, psychologists, or nurses in accordance
                              with this section.
                                  "(2) The Secretary may also make a grant under this part to
                              any private nonprofit agency that has an agreement with a
                              local educational agency to provide training in drug abuse
                              counseling for individuals who will provide such counseling in
                              the schools of such local educational agency.
                              "(b) USE OF FUNDS.—Amounts made available under grants under
                         this section shall be used to establish, expand, or enhance programs
                         and activities for the training of counselors, social workers,
                         psychologists, or nurses who are providing or will provide drug
                         abuse prevention, counseling, or referral services in elementary and
                         secondary schools.

20 use 3203.           "SEC. 5130. APPLICATIONS.
                              "(a) IN GENERAL.—Any State or local educational agency, institu-
                         tion of higher education, or consortium of such agencies or institu-
                         tions that desires to receive a grant under this part in any fiscal
                         year submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such
                         manner as the Secretary may prescribe.
                              "(b) CONTENTS.—Each application submitted under this section
                         shall—
                                  "(1) set forth the activities and programs to be carried out
                              with funds paid under this part;
                                  "(2) contain an estimate of the cost for the establishment and
                              operation to such activities and programs;