104 STAT. 4920	             PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

SEC. 3404. MEMBERSHIP.
     (a) NUMBER AND APPOINTMENT.—The Commission shall be composed of 19 members as follows:
          (1) 5 individuals from national law enforcement organizations representing law enforcement officers, appointed jointly by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate.
          (2) 5 individuals from national law enforcement organizations representing law enforcement management, appointed jointly by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate.
          (3) 2 individuals with academic expertise regarding law enforcement issues, appointed jointly by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate.
          (4) 2 Members of the House of Representatives, appointed jointly by the Speaker and the minority leader of the House of Representatives.
          (5) 2 Members of the Senate, appointed jointly by the majority leader and the minority leader of the Senate.
          (6) 1 individual involved in Federal law enforcement from the Department of the Treasury, appointed by the President.
          (7) 1 individual from the Department of Justice, appointed by the President.
          (8) The Comptroller General of the United States, who shall serve as chairperson of the Commission.
     (b) COMPENSATION.—
          (1) IN GENERAL.—Members of the Commission shall receive no additional pay, allowances, or benefits by reason of service on the Commission.
          (2) TRAVEL EXPENSES.—Each member of the Commission shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code.

SEC. 3405. EXPERTS AND CONSULTANTS.
     (a) EXPERTS AND CONSULTANTS.—The Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5. United States Code.
     (b) STAFF OF FEDERAL AGENCIES.—Upon request of the Commission, the head of any Federal agency is authorized to detail, on a reimbursable basis, any of the personnel of that agency to the Commission to assist the Commission in carrying out its duties under this title.
     (c) ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT.—The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, administrative support services as the Commission may request.
 
SEC. 3406. POWERS OF COMMISSION.
     (a) HEARINGS.—The Commission may, for purposes of this title, hold hearings, sit and act at the times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence, as the Commission considers appropriate.
     (b) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY.—Any member or agent of the Commission may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action the Commission is authorized to take by this section.
     (c) INFORMATION.—The Commission may secure directly from any Federal agency information necessary to enable it to carry out this title. Upon request of the chairperson of the Commission, the head