104 STAT. 4836        PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

20 USC 3192 
note.

TITLE XV—DRUG-FREE SCHOOL ZONES

SEC. 1501. DEVELOPMENT OF MODEL PROGRAM OF STRATEGIES AND
TACTICS.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General shall develop a model
program of strategies and tactics for establishing and maintaining
drug-free school zones.
    (b) ASSISTANCE TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGEN-
CIES.—The program required by subsection (a) shall be designed to
provide State and local law enforcement agencies with materials,
training, and other assistance to establish, enforce, and evaluate the
effectiveness of drug-free school zone enforcement efforts.
    (c) PROGRAM CRITERIA.—The program required by subsection (a)
shall—
        (1) define the criminal justice community's role in creating
and maintaining drug-free school zones;
        (2) develop a framework for law enforcement collaboration
with the school system and community resource network;
        (3) identify a core law enforcement drug demand reduction
program plan;
        (4) provide materials and technical assistance for demarcating
and establishing drug-free school zones;
        (5) create a coordinated publicity plan with the school system
and community resource network;
        (6) identify and develop model drug-free school zone law
enforcement strategies and tactics;
        (7) develop a model coordinated strategy for prosecuting viola-
tions within the zones;
        (8) create a uniform framework for monitoring and evaluating
the effectiveness of drug-free school zones to determine which
strategies and tactics succeed under various conditions and
constraints; and
        (9) provide support materials and exemplary program
overviews.
    (d) PREFERRED APPROACHES. —In establishing the program
required by subsection (a), the Attorney General shall prefer ap-
proaches to drug-free school zone enforcement that unite the crimi-
nal justice community, the education community, and the network
of community resources in meaningful collaboration to reduce the
availability of and demand for drugs in a drug-free school zone.
    (e) REPORT. —At the conclusion of the program required by subsec-
tion (a), the Attorney General shall submit a report to Congress
describing the strategies and tactics that are found to be successful
in establishing, enforcing, and maintaining drug-free school zones.
    (f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There is authorized to be
appropriated to carry out this section $1,500,000 for fiscal year 1991.

SEC. 1502. AMENDMENT TO THE CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.
Section 405A of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 845a) as
redesignated by this Act, is amended—
    (1) in subsection (a) by—
        (A) striking "playground,"; and
        (B) inserting "or a playground," after "university,”; and
    (2) in subsection (b) by—
        (A) striking "playground,”; and
        (B) inserting "or a playground," after "university,”.