PUBLIC LAW 101-647---NOV. 29, 1990  104 STAT. 4789

Public Law 101-647
101st Congress
An Act
To control crime.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
This Act may be cited as the “Crime Control Act of 1990”.

TITLE I---INTERNATIONAL MONEY
LAUNDERING

SEC. 101. REPORTS ON USES MADE OF CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS REPORTS.

Not later than 180 days after the effective date of this section, and every 2 years for 4 years, the Secretary of the Treasury shall report to the Congress the following:
     (1) the number of each type of report filed pursuant to subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code (or regulations promulgated thereunder) in the previous fiscal year;
     (2) the number of reports filed pursuant to section 60501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (regarding transactions involving currency) in the previous fiscal year;
     (3) an estimate of the rate of compliance with the reporting requirements by persons required to file the reports referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2);
     (4) the manner in which the Department of the Treasury and other agencies of the United States collect, organize, analyze and use the reports referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) to support investigations and prosecutions of (A) violations of the criminal laws of the United States, (B) violations of the laws of foreign countries, and (C) civil enforcement of the laws of the United States including the provisions regarding asset forfeiture;
     (5) a summary of sanctions imposed in the previous fiscal year against persons who failed to comply with the reporting requirements referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2), and other steps taken to ensure maximum compliance;
     (6) a summary of criminal indictments filed in the previous fiscal year which resulted, in large part, from investigations initiated by analysis of the reports referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2); and
     (7) a summary of criminal indictments filed in the previous fiscal year which resulted, in large part, from investigations initiated by information regarding suspicious financial transactions provided voluntarily by financial institutions.