104 STAT. 4844			PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

pursuant to Federal law and funding under subsection (a)(3), a private entity shall—

"(A) be located in a district that has been designated as needing additional Federal detention facilities pursuant to paragraph (1);
"(B) meet the standards of the American Correctional Association;
"(C) comply with all applicable State and local laws and regulations;
"(D) have approved fire, security, escape, and riot plans; and
"(E) comply with any other regulations that the Marshals Service deems appropriate.

"(3) The United States Marshals Service shall provide an opportunity for public comment on a contract under subsection (a)(3).".

Gun-Free School
Zones Act of
1990.
18 USC 921 note.

SEC. 1702. GUN-FREE SCHOOL ZONES ACT OF 1990.

(a) SHORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the "Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990".
(b) PROHIBITIONS AGAINST POSSESSION OR DISCHARGE OF A FIREARM IN A SCHOOL ZONE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
"(q)(1)(A) It shall be unlawful for any individual knowingly to possess a firearm at a place that the individual knows, or has reasonable cause to believe, is a school zone.
"(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the possession of a firearm—
"(i) on private property not part of school grounds;
"(ii) if the individual possessing the firearm is licensed to do so by the State in which the school zone is located or a political subdivision of the State, and the law of the State or political subdivision requires that, before an individual obtain such a license, the law enforcement authorities of the State or political subdivision verify that the individual is qualified under law to receive the license;
"(iii) which is—
"(I) not loaded; and
"(II) in a locked container, or a locked firearms rack which is on a motor vehicle;
"(iv) by an individual for use in a program approved by a school in the school zone;
"(v) by an individual in accordance with a contract entered into between a school in the school zone and the individual or an employer of the individual;
"(vi) by a law enforcement officer acting in his or her official capacity; or
"(vii) that is unloaded and is possessed by an individual while traversing school premises for the purpose of gaining access to public or private lands open to hunting, if the entry on school premises is authorized by school authorities.
"(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), it shall be unlawful for any person, knowingly or with reckless disregard for the safety of another, to discharge or attempt to discharge a firearm at a place that the person knows is a school zone.
"(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the discharge of a firearm—
"(i) on private property not part of school grounds;