PUBLIC LAW 101-647--NOV. 29, 1990 104 STAT. 4885

SEC. 2540. RTC ENFORCEMENT DIVISION.
Section 21A(b)(12) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a(b)(12)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subparagraph:
"(G) The Corporation shall maintain an executive-level position and dedicated staff to assist and advise the Cor- poration and other agencies in pursuing cases, civil claims, and administrative enforcement actions against institutions- affiliated parties of insured depository institutions under the jurisdiction of the Corporation. These personnel shall have such duties as the Corporation establishes, including the duty to compile and publish a report to the Congress on the coordinated pursuit of claims by all Federal financial institution regulatory agencies, including the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The report shall be published before December 31, 1990 and updated semiannually after such date.".

Subtitle E--Reporting Requirements

SEC. 2546. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.---
(1) DATA COLLECTION.--The Attorney General shall compile and collect data concerning--
(A) the nature and number of civil and criminal inves- tigations, prosecutions, and related proceedings, and civil enforcement and recovery proceedings, in progress with respect to banking law offenses under sections 981, 1008, 1032, and 3322(d) of title 18, United States Code, and section 951 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 and conspiracies to commit any such offense, including inactive investigations of such offenses;
(B) the number of--
(i) investigations, prosecutions, and related proceed-ings described in subparagraph (A) which are inactive as of the close of the reporting period but have not been closed or declined; and
(ii) unaddressed referrals which allege criminal mis- conduct involving offenses described in subparagraph (A), and the reasons such matters are inactive and the referrals unaddressed;
(C) the nature and number of such matters closed, settled, or litigated to conclusion; and
(D) the results achieved, including convictions and pre- trial diversions, fines and penalties levied, restitution assessed and collected, and damages recovered, in such matters.
(2) ANALYSIS AND REPORT.--The Attorney General shall ana- lyze and report to the Congress on the data described in para- graph (1) and its coordination and other related activities named in section 2539(c)(2) and shall provide such report on the data monthly through December 31, 1991, and quarterly after such date.