PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990 104 STAT. 4913

(2) in the second paragraph by inserting "(b)" before "Disputes; " and 
(3) by adding at the end the following:
"(c) Each Federal department, agency, and institution subject to the requirements of subsection (a) shall separately report to the General Services Administration all of its acquisitions of products and services from Federal Prison Industries, and that reported information shall be entered in the Federal Procurement Data System referred to in section 6(d)(4) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act. Each report published by the Federal Procurement Data System that contains the information collected by the System shall include a statement to accompany the information reported by the department, agency, or institution under the preceding sentence as follows: 'Under current law, sales by Federal Prison Industries are considered intragovernmental transfers. The purpose of reporting sales by Federal Prison Industries is to provide a complete overview of acquisitions by the Federal Government during the reporting period.'
"(d) Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection, Federal Prison Industries shall publish a catalog of all products and services which it offers for sale. This catalog shall be updated periodically to the extent necessary to ensure that the information in the catalog is complete and accurate.”. 

SEC. 2902. PRERELEASE CUSTODY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 3624(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: "The authority provided by this subsection may be used to place a prisoner in home confinement.".
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 3624(c) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall apply with respect to all inmates, regardless of the date of their offense.

SEC. 2903. DRUG TREATMENT FOR PRISONERS.
Section 3621(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: "The Bureau shall, to the extent practicable, make available appropriate substance abuse treatment for each prisoner the Bureau determines has a treatable condition of substance addiction or abuse.”.

SEC. 2904. FUNCTIONAL LITERACY REQUIREMENT FOR ALL INDIVIDUALS IN FEDERAL CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTIONS.
Section 3624 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
“(f) MANDATORY FUNCTIONAL LITERACY REQUIREMENT.—
"(1) The Attorney General shall direct the Bureau of Prisons to have in effect a mandatory functional literacy program for all mentally capable inmates who are not functionally literate in each Federal correctional institution within 6 months from the date of the enactment of this Act.
"(2) Each mandatory functional literacy program shall include a requirement that each inmate participate in such program for a mandatory period sufficient to provide the inmate with an adequate opportunity to achieve functional literacy, and appropriate incentives which lead to successful completion of such programs shall be developed and implemented.