104 STAT. 4948           PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990          

(h) PRESERVATION OF INCOME UNDER SEQUESTER.—If personal property in custody of the United States marshal under a writ of sequestration is not claimed, the court may make such order for its preservation or use as appears to be in the interest of the parties.
( i ) JUDGMENT AND DISPOSITION OF SEQUESTERED INCOME.—
(1) JUDGMENT FOR THE UNITED STATES.—On entry of judgment for the United States, the court shall order the sequestered income to be applied to the satisfaction of the judgment.
(2) RESTORATION OF INCOME.—If the sequestration is vacated or if the judgment on the claim for the debt is for the person against whom the writ of sequestration is issued, the court shall order the income restored to the debtor.

“SUBCHAPTER C—POSTJUDGMENT REMEDIES
“Sec.
“3201. Judgment liens.
“3202. Enforcement of judgments.
“3203. Execution.
“3204. Installment payment order.
“3205. Garnishment.
“3206. Discharge.

“§ 3201. Judgment liens

(a) CREATION.—A judgment in a civil action shall create a lien on all real property of a judgment debtor on filing a certified copy of the abstract of the judgment in the manner in which a notice of tax lien would be filed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 6323(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. A lien created under this paragraph is for the amount necessary to satisfy the judgment, including costs and interest.
(b) PRIORITY OF LIEN.—A lien created under subsection (a) shall have priority over any other lien or encumbrance which is perfected later in time.
(c) DURATION OF LIEN; RENEWAL.—
(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), a lien created under subsection (a) is effective, unless satisfied, for a period of 20 years.
(2) Such lien may be renewed for one additional period of 20 years upon filing a notice of renewal in the same manner as the judgment is filed and shall relate back to the date the judgment is filed if—
(A) the notice of renewal is filed before the expiration of the 20-year period to prevent expiration of the lien; and
(B) the court approves the renewal of such lien under this paragraph.
(d) RELEASE OF JUDGMENT LIEN.—A judgment lien shall be released on the filing of a satisfaction of judgment or release of lien in the same manner as the judgment is filed to obtain the lien.
(e) EFFECT OF LIEN ON ELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL GRANTS, LOANS OR PROGRAMS.—A debtor who has a judgment lien against the debtor’s property for a debt to the United States shall not be eligible to receive any grant or loan which is made, insured, guaranteed, or financed directly or indirectly by the United States or to receive funds directly from the Federal Government in any program, except funds to which the debtor is entitled as beneficiary, until the judgment is paid in full or otherwise satisfied. The agency of the United States that is responsible for such grants and loans may