PUBLIC LAW 101-647--NOV.29, 1990                       104 STAT. 4959

            "(A) a court order quashing the writ of garnishment;
            "(B) exhaustion of property in the possesion, custody, or
     control of the garnishee in which the debtor has a substan-
     tial nonexempt interest (including nonexempt disposable
     earnings), unless the garnishee reinstates or reemploys the
     judgment debtor within 90 days after the judgment debtor's 
     dismissal or resignation; or
            "(C) satisfaction of the debt with respect to which the writ
     is issued.

"§ 3206. Discharge

     "A person who pursuant to an execution or order issued under
this chapter by a court pays or delivers to the United States, a 
United States marshal, or a receiver, money or other personal
property in which a judgment debtor has or will have an interest, or
so pays a debt such person owes the judgment debtor, is discharged
from such debt to the judgment debtor to the extent of the payment
or delivery.

"SUBCHAPTER D—FRAUDULENT TRANSFERS INVOLVING DEBTS

"Sec.
"3301. Definitions.
"3302. Insolvency.
"3303. Value for a transfer or obligation.
"3304. Transfer fraudulent as to a debt to the United States
"3305. When transfer is made or obligation is incurred 
"3306. Remedies of the United States.
"3307. Defenses, liability and protection of transferee.
"3308. Supplementary provision.

"§ 3301. Definitions

     "As used in this subchapter:
          "(1) 'Affiliate'means--
               "(A) a person who directly or indirectly owns, controls, or
or outstanding voting securities of the debtor, other than a 
person who holds the securities--
                    "(i) as a fiduciary or agent without sole discretionary 
     power to vote the securities; or
                    "(ii) solely to secure a debt, if the person has not
                exercised the power to vote;
               "(B) a corporation 20 percent or more of whose outstand-
ing voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, con-
trolled, or held with power to vote, by the debtor or a 
person who directly or indirectly owns, controls, or holds
with power to vote, 20 percent or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the debtor, other than the person who
holds securities--
                    "(i) as a fiduciary or agent without sole power to vote
     the securities; or
                    "(ii) solely to secure a debt, if the person has not in 
          feet exercised the power to vote;

               "(C) a person whose business is operated by the debtor
          under a lease or other agreement, or a person substantially
          all of whose assets are controlled by the debtor; or