PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990 104 STAT. 4897

(2)(A) When more than 1 declarant has provided information leading to a recovery under this subsection, the Attorney General shall first calculate the size of the total award under paragraph (1)(A) and then distribute that amount according to the contribution made by each declarant.
(B) In distributing any such award between 2 or more declarants, the Attorney General may, in the Attorney General's discretion, consider any appropriate factor.

(e) PROHIBITION OF DOUBLE AWARDS.—(1) No person shall receive both an award under this section and a reward under either section 34 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or section 3509A of title 18, United States Code, for providing the same or substantially similar information.

(2) When a person qualifies for both an award under this section and a reward under either section 34 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or section 3509A of title 18, United States Code, for providing the same or substantially similar information, the person may notify the Attorney General in writing of the person’s election to seek an award under this section or a reward under such other section.
(f) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY EXCEPTION.—For purposes of this section, funds or assets acquired by the United States shall not include any funds or assets acquired by any appropriate Federal banking agency acting in any capacity or the Resolution Trust Corporation acting in any capacity, except for any civil money penalties recovered by a Federal banking agency through a final judgment, order or settlement.

SEC. 2566. RIGHTS OF DECLARANTS; NOTIFICATIONS; GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY. 12 USC 4206.

(a) IN GENERAL.—A person who has filed a declaration that meets the requirements of sections 2561 through 2564 shall have the rights stated in this section.
(b) NOTICE OF DECISION NOT TO PURSUE.—If, after review, the Attorney General concludes that the information contained in a declaration should not be pursued in a civil or criminal proceeding, the Attorney General shall so notify the declarant in writing and shall provide a brief statement of the reasons that the declaration will not be pursued.
(c) JUDGMENT, ORDER, OR SETTLEMENT.—(1) When the United States obtains a judgment, order, or settlement based in whole or in part on a valid declaration filed under section 2561, the Attorney General shall notify the declarant in writing of such fact.
(2) A notice described in paragraph (1) shall contain—
(A) the Attorney General’s determination of the amount of the award due the declarant under subsection (c) or (d) of section 2565 upon recovery by the United States; and
(B) a short statement of reasons for the amount of the award.
(d) NOTICE OF PENDENCY OF INVESTIGATION OR PROCEEDING.—If the Attorney General has not provided the declarant with notice under subsection (b) or a notice of invalidity pursuant to section 2564 within the time period set forth in subsection (e), the Attorney General shall notify the declarant in writing that—
(1) there is a pending investigation or proceeding in the course of which the declarant’s allegations are being addressed; or
(2) the declarant’s allegations have not yet been addressed.