PUBLIC LAW 101-647–NOV. 29, 1990          
                                                                                                                                                                                  104 STAT. 4905

conditions of employment by an employer because of lawful acts done by the person on behalf ok the person or others in furtherance of a prosecution under any of the sections referred to in subsection (a)(including provision of information relating to, investigation for, initiation ok, testimony for, or assistance in such a prosecution); and
            "(B) was not a knowing participant in the unlawful activity that is the subject of such a prosecution,
may, in a civil action, obtain all relief necessary to make the person whole.
            "(2) Relief under paragraph(1) shall include—
            "(A)(i) reinstatement with the same seniority status;
                        "(ii) 2 times the amount of back pay plus interest; and
                        "(iii) interest on the back pay,
that the plaintiff would have had but for the discrimination; and
            "(B) compensation for any special damages sustained as a result of the discrimination, including litigation costs and reasonable attorney's fees."
            (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—The chapter heading for chapter 203 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3059 the following new item: 
"3059A. Special rewards for information relating to certain financial institution offenses".

CHAPTER 4—USE OF PRIVATE LEGAL RESOURCES 

SEC. 2588. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO CONTRACTS FOR PRIVATE COUNSEL.                                                                12 USC 4241.

            (a)  IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General may enter into contracts retaining private counsel to furnish legal services, including representation in investigation, negotiation, compromise, settlement, litigation, and execution ok judgements in the case of any civil action referred to in section 2561 or section 2580.
            (b) TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—Each contract under subsection (a) shall include the provisions described in section 2591 and such other terms and conditions as the Attorney General considers necessary and appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.
            (c) LIMITATION OF FEE.—The amount ok the contingency fee payable for legal services furnished under a contract described in subsection (a) shall not exceed the contingency fee that counsel engaged in the private practice of law in the jurisdiction wherein the legal services are furnished typically charge clients for furnishing the same or comparable legal services.
            (d) CONTINGENT FEES.—Notwithstanding section 3302(b) of title 31, United States Code, a contract under this section shall provide that a fee that the United States pays private counsel for services is payable from the amount recovered and shall be based on a percentage of the civil penalties or assets recovered.

SEC. 2589 CONTRACT DECISIONS NONREVIEWABLE.                                                                                                                      12 USC 4242

Notwithstanding any other law, no court shall have jurisdiction over any claim based on the Attorney General’s decision to refuse to enter into a contract for legal services referred to in section 2588.