PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990						104 STAT. 4951

subject to levy pursuant to a writ of execution. The debtor’s earnings shall not be subject to execution while in the possession, custody, or control of the debtor’s employer. Co-owned property shall be subject to execution to the extent such property is subject to execution under the law of the State in which it is located.

“(b) CREATION OF EXECUTION LIEN.—A lien shall be created in favor of the United States on all property levied on under a writ of execution and shall date from the time of the levy. Such lien shall have priority over all subsequent liens and shall be for the aggregate amount of the judgment, costs, and interest. The execution lien on any real property as to which the United States has a judgment lien shall relate back to the judgment lien date.

“(c) WRIT OF EXECUTION.—
	“(1) ISSUANCE.—On written application of counsel for the United States, the court may issue a writ of execution. Multiple writs may issue simultaneously, and successive writs may issue before the return date of a writ previously issued.
	“(2) FORM OF WRIT.—
		“(A) GENERAL CONTENTS.—A writ of execution shall specify the date that the judgment is entered, the court in which it is entered, the amount of the judgment if for money, the amount of the costs, the amount of interest due, the sum due as of the date the writ is issued, the rate of postjudgment interest, the name of the judgment debtor, and the judgment debtor’s last known address.
		“(B) ADDITIONAL CONTENTS.—(i) Except as provided in clauses (ii) and (iii), the writ shall direct the United States marshal to satisfy the judgment by levying on and selling property in which the judgment debtor has a substantial nonexempt interest, but not to exceed property reasonably equivalent in value to the aggregate amount of the judgment, costs, and interest.
		“(ii) A writ of execution issued on a judgment for the delivery to the United States of the possession of personal property, or for the delivery of the possession of real property, shall particularly describe the property, and shall require the marshal to deliver the possession of the property to the United States.
		“(iii) A writ of execution on a judgment for the recovery of personal property or its value shall direct the marshal, in case a delivery of the specific property cannot be had, to levy and collect such value out of any property in which the judgment debtor has a substantial nonexempt interest.

“(d) LEVY OF EXECUTION.—
	“(1) IN GENERAL.—Levy on property pursuant to a writ of execution issued under this section shall be made in the same manner as levy on property is made pursuant to a writ of attachment issued under section 3102(d).
	“(2) DEATH OF JUDGMENT DEBTOR.—The death of the judgment debtor after a writ of execution is issued stays the execution proceedings, but any lien acquired by levy of the writ shall be recognized and enforced by the court for the district in which the estate of the deceased is located. The execution lien may be enforced—
		“(A) against the executor, administrator, or personal representative of the estate of the deceased; or