104 STAT. 4956     PUBLIC LAW 101-647--NOV. 29, 1990

        “(1) is receiving or will receive substantial nonexempt disposable earnings from self employment that are not subject to garnishment; or
        “(2) is diverting or concealing substantial earnings from any source, or property received in lieu of earnings;
then upon motion of the United States and notice to the judgment debtor, the court may, if appropriate, order that the judgment debtor make specified installment payments to the United States. Notice of the motion shall be served on the judgment debtor in the same manner as a summons or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested. In fixing the amount of the payments, the court shall take into consideration after a hearing, the income, resources, and reasonable requirements of the judgment debtor and the judgment debtor’s dependents, any other payments to be made in satisfaction of judgments against the judgment debtor, and the amount due on the judgment in favor of the United States.
        “(b) MODIFICATION OF ORDER. --On motion of the United States or the judgment debtor, and upon a showing that the judgment debtor’s financial circumstances have changed or that assets not previously disclosed by the judgment debtor have been discovered, the court may modify the amount of payments, alter their frequency, or require full payment.
        “(c) LIMITATION. --(1) An order may not be issued under subsection (a), and if so issued shall have no force or effect, against a judgment debtor with respect to whom there is in effect a writ of garnishment of earnings issued under this chapter and based on the same debt.
        “(2) An order may not be issued under subsection (a) with respect to any earnings of the debtor except nonexempt disposable earnings.
    “§ 3205. Garnishment
        “(a) IN GENERAL. --A court may issue a writ of garnishment against property (including nonexempt disposable earnings) in which the debtor has a substantial nonexempt interest and which is in the possession, custody, or control of a person other than the debtor, in order to satisfy the judgment against the debtor. Co-owned property shall be subject to garnishment to the same extent as co-owned property is subject to garnishment under the law of the State in which such property is located. A court may issue simultaneous separate writs of garnishment to several garnishees. A writ of garnishment issued under this subsection shall be continuing and shall terminate only as provided in subsection (c)(10).
        “(b) WRIT. --
            “(1) GENERAL REQUIREMENTS. --The United States shall include in its application for a writ of garnishment—
                “(A) the judgment debtor’s name, social security number (if known), and last known address;
                “(B) the nature and amount of the debt owed and the facts that not less than 30 days has elapsed since demand on the debtor for payment of the debt was made and the judgment debtor has not paid the amount due; and
                “(C) that the garnishee is believed to have possession of property (including nonexempt disposable earnings) in which the debtor has a substantial nonexempt interest.
            “(2) PROPER GARNISHEE FOR PARTICULAR PROPERTY. -
                “(A) If the property consists of a right to or share in the stock of an association or corporation, or interests or profits therein, for which a certificate of stock or other negotiable