104 STAT. 4846            PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990

(4) an assessment of the compatibility of mandatory minimum sentencing provisions and the sentencing guidelines system established by the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984;
(5) a description of the interaction between mandatory minimum sentencing provisions and plea agreements;
(6) a detailed empirical research study of the effect of mandatory minimum penalties in the Federal system;
(7) a discussion of mechanisms other than mandatory minimum sentencing laws by which Congress can express itself with respect to sentencing policy, such as:
(A) specific statutory instructions to the Sentencing Commission;
(B) general statutory instructions to the Sentencing Commission;
(C) increasing or decreasing the maximum sentence authorized for particular crimes;
(D) Sense of Congress resolutions; and
(8) any other information that the Commission would contribute to a thorough assessment of mandatory minimum sentencing provisions.
(c) AMENDMENT OF REPORT.—The Commission may amend or update the report mandated by subsection (a) at any time after its transmittal.

45 USC 446. SEC. 1704. RAILROAD POLICE OFFICERS.
A railroad police officer who is employed by a rail carrier and certified or commissioned as a police officer under the laws of any State shall, in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary of Transportation, be authorized to enforce the laws of any jurisdiction in which the rail carrier owns property, for the purpose of protecting—
(1) the employees, passengers, or patrons of the rail carrier;
(2) the property, equipment, and facilities owned, leased, operated, or maintained by the rail carrier;
(3) property moving in interstate or foreign commerce in the possession of the rail carrier; and
(4) personnel, equipment, and materials moving via railroad that are vital to the national defense, to the extent of the authority of a police officer properly certified or commissioned under the laws of that jurisdiction.

TITLE XVIII—CORRECTIONAL OPTIONS INCENTIVES AMENDMENTS

SEC. 1801. CORRECTIONAL OPTIONS GRANTS.
(a) AUTHORITY TO MAKE GRANTS.—Subpart 2 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3760 et seq.) is amended—
(1) by inserting after the heading relating to subpart 2 the following: