PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990                   104 STAT. 4889

Subtitle F—National Commission on Financial
Institution Reform, Recovery, and Enforce-
ment

SEC. 2551. ESTABLISHMENT.
There is hereby established a commission to be known as the
National Commission on Financial Institution Reform, Recovery,
and Enforcement (hereafter in this title referred to as the
"Commission").
SEC. 2552. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION.
The Commission shall—
(1) examine and identify the origin and causes of the problems
in the savings and loan industry that led to the enactment of
the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement
Act of 1989, including consideration of the role of—
(A) State and Federal regulation of savings and loan
associations, including capital and accounting standards;
(B) supervision of, and supervisory resources allocated to,
savings and loan associations by, or under the authority of,
State and Federal Governments;
(C) State and Federal statutes concerning savings and
loan associations, including asset powers legislation;
(D) macroeconomic changes and regional recessions;
(E) competitive factors;
(F) unprecedented fraud and abuse by persons in or con-
nected with savings and loan associations; and
(G) deposit insurance, including changes in the amount
insured and in technology;
(2) recommend, on the basis of the Commission's examination
and investigations under this section, further legislative, regu-
latory, supervisory, and other administrative changes that
will—
(A) improve the safety and soundness of depository
associations, the Federal deposit insurance funds, and other
Federal insurance programs;
(B) facilitate civil and criminal enforcement actions
concerning financial institutions; and
(C) prevent the recurrence of the problems identified in
the savings and loan industry; and
(3) recommend any other reforms which the Commission
determines to be appropriate.
SEC. 2553. MEMBERSHIP.
(a) NUMBER AND APPOINTMENT.—The Commission shall be com-
posed of 8 members appointed as follows:
(1) 2 individuals appointed by the President.
(2) 3 individuals appointed by the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, 1 of whom shall be appointed upon the rec-
ommendation of the minority leader of the House of Represent-
atives.
(3) 3 individuals appointed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate, 2 of whom shall be appointed upon the rec-
ommendation of the majority leader of the Senate and 1 of