PUBLIC LAW 101-647—NOV. 29, 1990  			104 STAT. 4953


“(1) General procedures.—An execution sale under this sec- 
tion shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner- 
“SALB or real property .— 
"(i) In general.—O) Except as provided in clause (ii), 
real property, or any interest therein, shall be sold, 
after the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on 
the date of levy under subsection (d), for cash at public 
auction at the courthouse of the county, parish, or city 
in which the greater part of the property is located or 
on the premises or some parcel thereof. 
(II) The court may order the sale of any real prop- 
erty after the expiration of the 30-day period beginning 
on the date of levy under subsection (d) if the court 
determines that such property is likely to perish, waste, 
be destroyed, or otherwise substantially depreciate in 
value during the 90-day period beginning on the date of 
levy. 
(III) The time and place of sale of real property, or 
any interest therein, under execution shall be adver- 
tised by the United States marshal, by publication of 
notice, once a week for at least 3 weeks prior to the 
sale, in at least one newspaper of general circulation in 
the county or parish where the property is located. The 
first publication shall appear not less than 25 days 
preceding the day of sale. The notice shall contain a 
statement of the authority by which the sale is to be 
made, the time of levy, the time and place of sale, and a 
brief description of the property to be sold, sufficient to 
identify the property (such as a street address for 
urban property and the survey identification and loca- 
tion for rural property), but it shall not be necessary for 
the notice to contain field notes. Such property shall be 
open for inspection and appraisal, subject to the judg- 
ment debtor’s reasonable objections, for a reasonable 
period before the day of sale. 
(IV) The United States marshal shall serve written 
notice of public sale by personal delivery, or certified or 
registered mail, to each person whom the marshal has 
reasonable cause to believe, after a title search is con-
ducted bv the United States, has an interest in prop- 
erty under execution, including lienholders, co-owners, 
and tenants, at least 25 days before the day of sale, to 
the last known address of each such person. 
“(ii) Sale Of city lota .—If the real property consists 
of several lots, tracts, or parcels in a city or town, each 
lot, tract, or parcel shall be offered for sale separately, 
unless not susceptible to separate sale because of the 
character of improvements. 
“(iii) Sale of rural property. . —If the real property 
is not located in a city or town, the judgment debtor 
may— 
“(I) divide the property into lots of not less than 
50 acres or in such greater or lesser amounts as 
ordered by the court;
(ii) furnish a survey of such prepared by a 
registered surveyor; and