PUBLIC LAW 102-550--OCT. 28, 1992

"ii) the tenant-based rental assistance is provided in accordance with written tenant selection policies and criteria that are consistent with the purposes of providing housing to very low- and low-income families and are reasonably related to preference rules established under section 6(c)(4)(A) of the Housing Act of 1937."

SEC. 205. USE OF HOME FUNDS FOR HOMELESS ASSISTANCE.
Section 212(a)(1) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12742(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: "For the purpose of this subtitle, the term affordable housing' includes permanent housing for disabled homeless persons, transitional housing, and single room occupancy housing."

SEC. 206. PER UNIT COST LIMITS.
Section 212(d)(1) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12742(d)(1)) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: "For multifamily housing, such limits shall not be less than the per unit dollar amount limitations set forth in section 221(d)(3)(ii) of the National Housing Act, as such limitations may be adjusted in accordance therewith, except that for purposes of this subsection the Secretary shall, by regulation, increase the per unit dollar amount limitations in any geographical area by an amount, not to exceed 140 percent, that equals the amount by which the costs of multifamily housing construction in the area exceed the national average of such costs."

SEC. 207. ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS AS ELIGIBLE USE OF INVESTMENT.

(a) HOUSING USES.—Section 212(a)(1) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12742(a)(1)) is amended by inserting after “organizations,” the following: “to provide for the payment of reasonable administrative and planning costs, to provide for the payment of operating expenses of community housing development organizations,”.

(b) ELIGIBLE USE.—Section 212 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12742) is amended—
(1) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting “that exceed the amount specified under subsection (c)” before the comma at the end;
(2) by redesignating subsections (c), (d) (as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act), and (e) as subsections (d), (c), and (f), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: 
“(c) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—In each fiscal year, each participating jurisdiction may use not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this subtitle to the jurisdiction for such year for any administrative and planning costs of the jurisdiction in carrying out this subtitle, including the costs of the salaries of persons engaged in administering and managing activities assisted with funds made available under this subtitle.”.
(c) RECOGNITION OF MATCH.—Section 220 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12750) is amended—
(1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking “shall” and all that follows and inserting “may not be recognized for purposes of subsection (a),”; and 
(2) in subsection (c)—
