106 STAT. 4060

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

      "(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may require any financial 
institution, and any director, officer, employee, or agent of 
any financial institution, to report any suspicious transaction 
relevant to a possible violation of law or regulation. 

       "(2) NOTIFICATION PROHIBITED.—A financial institution, and 
a director, officer, employee, or agent of any financial institu- 
tion, who voluntarily reports a suspicious transaction, or that 
reports a suspicious transaction pursuant to this section or 
any other authority, may not notify any person involved in 
the transaction that the transaction has been reported. 

        "(3) LIABILITY FOR DISCLOSURES.—Any financial institution 
that makes a disclosure of any possible violation of law or 
regulation or a disclosure pursuant to this subsection or any 
other authority, and any director, officer, employee, or agent 
of such institution, shall not be liable to any person under 
any law or regulation of the United States or any constitution. 
law, or regulation of any State or political subdivision thereof, 
for such disclosure or for any failure to notify the person 
involved in the transaction or any other person of such 
disclosure.

(h) ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING PROGRAMS.— 
            "(1) IN GENERAL.—In order to guard against money launder- 
ing through financial institutions, the Secretary may require 
financial institutions to carry out anti-money laundering pro- 
grams, including at a minimum— 
                       "(A) the development of internal policies, procedures, 
and controls, 
                       "(B) the designation of a compliance officer, 
                       "(C) an ongoing employee training program, and 
                       "(D) an independent audit function to test programs. 
            "(2) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary may prescribe minimum 
standards for programs established under paragraph (1).".

31 use 5311
note.
SEC. 1518. ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING TRAINING TEAM. 

The Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General shall 
jointly establish a team of experts to assist and provide training 
to foreign governments and agencies thereof in developing and 
expanding their capabilities for investigating and prosecuting viola- 
tions of money laundering and related laws.

SEC. 1519. INTERNATIONAL MONEY LAUNDERING REPORTS.

(a) UNITED STATES OBJECTIVES.—Section 481(a)(1) of the For- 
eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291(a)(1)) is amended— 
            (1) by striking out "and" at the end of subparagraph (D); 
            (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph 
(F); and 
            (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new 
subparagraph: 
                             "(E) the objective of the United States in dealing with 
the problem of international money laundering should be to 
ensure that countries adopt comprehensive domestic measures 
against money laundering and cooperate with each other 
in narcotics money laundering investigations, prosecutions, and 
related forfeiture actions; and". 
(b) ANNUAL REPORTS.—Section 481(e) of that Act (22 U.S.C. 
2291(e)) is amended— 
            (1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs 
(8) and (9), respectively; and