106 STAT. 3822        PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

(D) propose criteria for occupancy in federally assisted housing, standards for the reasonable performance and behavior of tenants of federally assisted housing, compliance standards consistent with the reasonable accommodation of the requirements of the Fair Housing Act and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, standards for compliance with other civil rights laws, and procedures for the eviction of tenants not complying with such standards consistent with sections 6 and 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937; and 
(E) report to the Congress and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development pursuant to paragraph (7). 
(5) PROCEDURE.—In carrying out its duties, the task force shall hold public hearings and receive written comments for a period of not less than 60 days. 
(6) SUPPORT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall cooperate fully with the task force and shall provide support staff and office space to assist the task force in carrying out its duties. 
(7) REPORTS.—Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force shall submit to the Secretary and the Congress a preliminary report describing its initial actions. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force shall submit a report to the Secretary and the Congress, which shall include— 
(A) a description of its findings; and 
(B) recommendations to revise such standards, regulations, and guidelines to provide accurate and complete guidance to owners and managers of federally assisted housing as determined necessary under paragraph (4). 
(b) RULEMAKING.— 
(1) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary shall, by regulation, establish criteria for selection of tenants for occupancy in federally assisted housing and lease provisions for such housing. 
(2) STANDARDS.—The criteria shall provide sufficient guidance to owners and managers of federally assisted housing to enable them to (A) select tenants capable of complying with reasonable lease terms, (B) utilize lease prohibiting behavior which endangers the health or safety of others or violates the right of other tenants to peaceful enjoyment of the premises, (C) comply with legal requirements to make reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities, and (D) comply with civil rights laws. The criteria shall be consistent with the requirements under subsections (k) and (l) of section 6 and section 8(d)(1) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 and any similar contract and lease requirements for federally assisted housing. In establishing the criteria, the Secretary shall take into consideration the report of the task force under subsection (a)(7). 
(3) PROCEDURE.—Not later than 90 days after the submission of the final report under subsection (a)(7), the Secretary shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking of the regulations under this subsection providing for notice and opportunity for public comment regarding the regulations, pursuant to the provisions of section 553 of title 5, United Stats Code (notwithstanding subsections (a)(2), (b)(B), and (d)(3) of such section). The duration of the period for public comment under such