106 STAT. 3804		PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

taking into consideration the availability of public housing for the elderly and vacancy rates in such facilities". 
(d) ELDER COTTAGE HOUSING.— 
(1) IMPLEMENTATION—Section 806(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1701q note) is amended to read as follows: 
"(b) DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall carry out a program to determine the feasibility of including, as an eligible development cost under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, the cost of purchasing and installing elder cottage housing opportunity units that are small, freestanding, barrier-free, energy efficient, removable, and designed to be installed adjunct to existing 1- to 4-family dwellings. In conducting the demonstration, the Secretary shall determine whether the durability of such units is appropriate for making such units generally eligible for assistance under the programs under such sections.
"(2) ALLOCATION.—Notwithstanding any other law, the Secretary shall reserve from any amounts available for capital advances and project rental assistance under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, amounts sufficient in each of fiscal years 1993 and 1994 to provide not less than 100 units under the demonstration under this subsection in connection with each such section. Any amounts reserved under this paragraph shall be available only for carrying out the demonstration under this subsection and, for purposes of the demonstration, the cost of purchasing and installing an elder cottage housing opportunity unit shall be considered an eligible development cost under sections 202 of the Housing Act of 1959.
"(3) REPORT.—Not later than January 1, 1994, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress on the results of the demonstration under this subsection, which shall be based on actual experiences implementing this subsection.
"(4) IMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary shall issue regulations to carry out the demonstration under this subsection not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992.".
(e) ACCESS TO RESIDUAL RECEIPTS—Section 202(j) of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
"(6) ACCESS TO RESIDUAL RECEIPTS.—The Secretary shall authorize the owner of a project assisted under this section to use any residual receipts held for the project in excess of $500 per unit (or in excess of such other amount prescribed by the Secretary based on the needs of the project) for activities to retrofit and renovate the project described under section 802(d)(3) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, to provide a service coordinator for the project as described in section 802(d)(4) of such Act, or to provide supportive services (as such term is defined in section 802(k) of such Act) to residents of the project. Any owner that uses residual receipts under this paragraph shall submit to the Secretary a report, not less than annually, describing the uses of the residual receipts. In determining the amount of project rental assistance to be provided to a project under subsection (c)(2) of this section