106 STAT. 3896

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

of compensation for directors, officers, or employees of insured depository institutions. "(2) APPLICABILITY OF OTHER LAWS.—Paragraph (1) shall not effect the authority of any appropriate Federal banking agency to restrict the level of compensation, including golden parachute payments (as defined in section 18(k)(4)), paid to any director, officer, or employee of an insured depository institution under any other provision of law. "(3) SENIOR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AT UNDERCAPITALIZED INSTITUTIONS.—Paragraph (1 ) shall not affect the authority of any appropriate Federal banking agency to restrict compensations paid to any senior executive officer of an undercapitalized insured depository institution pursuant to section 38. "(4) SAFETY AND SOUNDNESS OR ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS.— Paragraph (1) shall not be construed as affecting the authority of any appropriate Federal banking agency under any provision of this Act other than this section, or under any provision of law, to prescribe a specific level or range of compensation for any director, officer, or employee of an insured depository institution— "(A) to preserve the safety and soundness of the institution; or "(B) in connection with any action under section 8 or any order issued by the agency, any agreement between the agency and the institution, or any condition imposed by the agency in connection with the agency's approval of an application or other request by the institution, which is enforceable under section 8,"; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(A), by striking "(a), (b), or (c)" and inserting "(a) or (b)".

SEC. 957. TRUTH IN SAVINGS ACT AMENDMENTS. 

(a) ON-PREMISES DISPLAYS.—Section 263 of the Truth in Savings Act (12 U.S.C. 4302)is amended—
(1) in subsection (a), by striking "subsection (b)" and inserting "subsections (b) and (c)"; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: 
“(c) DISCLOSURE REQUIRED FOR ON-PREMISES DISPLAYS.— "(1) IN GENERAL, —The disclosure requirements contained in this section shall not apply to any sign (including a rate board) disclosing a rate or rates of interest which is displayed on the premises of the depository institution if such sign contains— "(A) the accompanying annual percentage yield; and "(B) a statement that the consumer should request further information from an employee of the depository institution concerning the fees and terms applicable to the advertised account. "(2) DEFINITION.—For purposes of paragraph (1), a sign shall only be considered to be displayed on the premises of a depository institution if the sign is designed to be viewed only from the interior of the premises of the depository institution.".