106 STAT. 3900         PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
(14) LEAD-BASED PAINT.—The term "lead-based paint"
means paint or other surface coatings that contain lead in
excess of limits established under section 302(c) of the Lead-
Based Paint Poisoning Prevention Act.
(15) LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARD.—The term "lead-based paint hazard" means any condition that causes exposure to
lead from lead-contaminated dust, lead-contaminated soil, lead-
contaminated paint that is deteriorated or present in accessible
surfaces, friction surfaces, or impact surfaces that would result
in adverse human health effects as established by the appropriate Federal agency.
(16) LEAD-CONTAMINATED DUST.—The term "lead-contaminated dust" means surface dust in residential dwellings that
contains an area or mass concentration of lead in excess of
levels determined by the appropriate Federal agency to pose
a threat of adverse health effects in pregnant women or young
children.
(17) LEAD-CONTAMINATED SOIL.—The term "lead-contaminated soil" means bare soil on residential real property that
contains lead at or in excess of the levels determined to be
hazardous to human health by the appropriate Federal agency.
(18) MORTGAGE LOAN.—The term "mortgage loan" includes 
any loan (other than temporary financing such as a construction
loan) that—
(A) is secured by a first lien on any interest in residential real property; and
(B) either—
(i) is insured, guaranteed, made, or assisted by
the Department of Housing and Urban Development,
the Department of Veterans Affairs, or the Farmers
Home Administration, or by any other agency of the
Federal Government; or 
(ii) is intended to be sold by each originating mortgage institution to any federally chartered secondary 
mortgage market institution.
(19) ORIGINATING MORTGAGE INSTITUTION.—The term
"originating mortgage institution" means a lender that provides
mortgage loans.
(20) PRIORITY HOUSING.—The term "priority housing"
means target housing that qualifies as affordable housing under
section 215 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12745), including housing that receives
assistance under subsection (b) or (c) of section 8 of the United
States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(b) or (o)).
(21) PUBLIC HOUSING.—The term "public housing" has the
same meaning given the term in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(1)).
(22) REDUCTION.—The term "reduction" means measures
designed to reduce or eliminate human exposure to lead-based
paint hazards through methods including interim controls and
abatement.
(23) RESIDENTIAL DWELLING.—The term "residential dwelling" means—
(A) a single-family dwelling, including attached structures such as porches and stoops; or
(B) a single-family dwelling unit in a structure that
contains more than 1 separate residential dwelling unit,