PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992     106 STAT. 3819

(5) in subsection (f), in the first and second sentences, by striking "this section" and inserting "subsection (b)(2)"; and

(6) in subsection (g), by striking "this section" and inserting "subsection (b)(2)".

(b) SECTION 8 ASSISTANCE- Section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), is amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection:
	"(i) The Secretary may not consider the receipt by a public housing agency of assistance under section 811(b)(1) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, or the amount received, in approving assistance for the agency under this section or determining the amount of such assistance to be provided.".

SEC. 624. DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION OF HOUSING FOR DISABLED FAMILIES.

(a) SET-ASIDE OF MAJOR RECONSTRUCTION FUNDS FOR RECONFIGURATION OF PROJECTS.- Section 5(j)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(j)(2)), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:

"(G)(i) In fiscal years 1993 and 1994, the Secretary shall commit for use under clause (ii) not less than 5 percent of any amounts reserved under subparagraph (A) for each such fiscal year.

"(ii) The amounts referred to in clause (i) shall be available to public housing agencies only for use for projects (or portions of projects) designated for occupancy under section 7(a)(1) and (e) by disabled families.

"(iii) In allocating amounts reserved under this subparagraph among public housing agencies, the Secretary shall consider the need for any such amounts as identified in the allocation plans submitted by agencies under section 7(f).".

(b) SET-ASIDE OF NEW CONSTRUCTION FUNDS FOR HOUSING DESIGNED FOR DISABLED FAMILIES AND SINGLE PERSONS.- Section 5(j) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:

"(3)(A) In fiscal years 1993 and 1994, the Secretary shall reserve for use under subparagraph (B) not less than 5 percent of any amounts approved in appropriation Acts for each such fiscal year for public housing grants under subsection (a)(2) that are not designated under such Acts for use under paragraph (2) of this subsection for the substantial redesign, reconstruction, or redevelopment of existing public housing projects, buildings, or units.

"(B) Any amount reserved under subparagraph (A) shall be available only to public housing agencies that have designated projects (or portions of projects) for occupancy under section 7(a)(1) for use only for the costs of development or acquisition of public housing projects or buildings designated for occupancy under section 7(a)(1) and (e) by disabled families. A building so assisted may not contain more than 25 dwelling units, except that the Secretary may (in the discretion of the Secretary) waive such limitation for a building.

"(C) The Secretary shall carry out a competition for budget authority reserved under subparagraph (A) among eligible public housing agencies and shall allocate such budget authority to public housing agencies pursuant to the competition, based on (i) the need of the agency for such assistance (taking into consideration the allocation plans submitted under section 7(f) by agencies), and