PUBLIC LAW 102-550 OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3855

(2) the extent of competitiveness of the United States in the field of basic housing technology research in comparison with other countries that are substantially involved in trade with the United States, taking into consideration the balance of trade, the degree of government support of private research activities, and the degree of fragmentation of research; and
(3) the types of research projects regarding basic housing technologgy conducted by such other countries, the results of such research, and the extent of success in applying and marketing such results.
(b) REPORT.-The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit a report to the Congress describing the results of the study conducted under this section not later than September 30, 1993.

SEC. 834. DESIGNATION OF ENTERPRISE ZONES.
(a) IN GENERAL.-Section 701 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987 (42 U.S.C. 11501) is amended-
(1) in subsection (aX4XB), by striking "the effective date of the regulations described in subparagraph (A) occurs" and inserting "the date of the enactment of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 occurs"; and
(2) in subsection (cX3XBX), by striking "this Act" and inserting "the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992".
(b) REPORT.-Section 702 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987 (42 U.S.C. 11502 is amended by inserting "pursuant to the amendments made by section 834 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992" before the first comma.

Subtitle C-Miscellaneous Programs

SEC. 851. COMMUNITY OUTREACH ACT. 
(a) SHORT TITLE.-This section may be cited as the "Community Outreach Partnership Act of 1992".
(b) PURPOSE.-The Secretary shall carry out, in accordance with this section, a 5-year demonstration program to determine the feasibility of facilitating partnerships between institutions of higher education and communities to solve urban problems through research, outreach, and the exchange of information.
(c) GRANT PROGRAM.-
(1) IN GENERAL.-The Secretary is authorized to make grants to public and private nonprofit institutions of higher education to assist in establishing or carrying out research and outreach activities addressing the problems of urban areas. 
(2) USE OF GRANTS.-Grants under this Act shall be used to establish and operate Community Outreach Partnership Centers (hereafter in this section referred to as "Centers") which shall-
(A) conduct competent and qualified research and investigations on theoretical or practical problems in large and small cities; and
(B) facilitate partnerships and outreach activities between institutions of higher education, local communities, and local governments to address urban problems.
(3) SPECIFIC PROBLEMS.-Research and outreach activities assisted under this Act shall focus on problems associated with

Community Outreach Partnership Act of 1992. 42 USC 5307 note.