106 STAT. 3784           PUBLIC LAW 102-550 - OCT. 28, 1992

to dwelling use (excluding exterior land improvements), $29,500 per family unit without a bedroom, $33,816 per family unit with 1 bedroom, $41,120 per family unit with 2 bedrooms, $53,195 per family unit with 3 bedrooms, and $58,392 per family unit with 4 or more bedrooms”.

SEC. 510. INSURACE OF LOANS FOR OPERATING LOSSES OF MULTI-FAMILY PROJECTS.
Section 223(d) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715n(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:

“(6) In determining the amount of an operating loss loan to be insured pursuant to this subsection, the Secretary shall not reduce such amount solely to reflect any amounts placed in escrow (at the time the existing project mortgage was insured) for initial operating deficits. If an operating loss loan was insured by the Secretary pursuant to this subsection before the date of the enactment of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 and was reduced solely to reflect the amount placed in escrow for initial operating deficits, the Secretary shall insure, to the extent of the availability of insurance authority provided in appropriation Acts, an increase in the existing loan or a separate loan, in an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the maximum amount permitted under this subsection and the applicable underwriting requirements established by the Secretary and in effect at the time the loan is to be made, or (B) the amount of the escrow for initial operating deficits”.

SEC. 511. ELIGIBILITY OF ASSISTED LIVING FACILITIES FOR MORTGAGE INSURANCE UNDER SECTION 232.
(a) PURPOSE.- Section 232(a) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715w(a)) is amended-
    (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking “either” and inserting “any”; and
    (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
        “(3) The development of assisted living facilities for the care of frail elderly persons”.
(b) DEFINITIONS.- Section 232(b) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715w(b)) is amended-
    (1) in paragraph (4), by striking “and” at the end;
    (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and
    (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs:
        “(6) the term ‘assisted living facility’ means a public facility, proprietary facility, or facility of a private nonprofit corporation that-
            “(A) is licensed and regulated by the State (or if there is no State law providing for such licensing and regulation by the State, by the municipality or other political subdivision in which the facility is located);
            “(B) makes available to residents supportive services to assist the residents in carrying out activities of daily living, such as bathing, dressing, eating, getting in and out of bed or chairs, walking, going outdoors, using the toilet, laundry, home management, preparing meals, shopping for personal items, obtaining and taking medications, managing money, using the telephone, or performing light or heavy housework, and which may make available to