PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3883 

SEC. 919. REGULATIONS CLARIFYING THE TERM “HOUSING FOR OLDER PERSONS”.

The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, make rules defining what are “significant facilities and services especially designed to meet the physical or social needs of older persons’’ required under section 807(b)(2) of the Fair Housing Act to meet the definition of the term “housing for older persons” in such section.

SEC. 920. USE OF DOMESTIC PRODUCTS.

(a) PROHIBITION AGAINST FRAUDULENT USE OF “MADE IN AMERICA” LABELS.—A person shall not intentionally affix a label bearing the inscription of “Made in America”, or any inscription with that meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States, if that product is not a domestic product.

(b) REPORT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Agriculture shall each submit, before January 1, 1994, a report to the Congress on procurements of products that are not domestic products.

(c) DEFINITIONS.—For the purposes of this section, the term “domestic product” means a product—
(1) that is manufactured or produced in the United States; and (2) at least 50 percent of the cost of the articles, materials, or supplies of which are mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States.

SEC. 921. IMPROVED COORDINATION OF URBAN POLICY.

Title VII of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.) is amended—
(1) in section 702(d), by striking paragraph (8) and inserting the following:

“(8) increase coordination among Federal programs that seek to promote job opportunities and skills, decent and affordable housing, public safety, access to health care, educational opportunities, and fiscal soundness for urban communities and their residents.”;

(2) in section 703(a)—
(A) by striking “during February 1978, and during February of every even-numbered year thereafter,” and inserting “ not later than June 1, 1993, and not later than the first day of June of every odd-numbered year thereafter,”; and

(B) in paragraph (8), by striking “such” and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting “legislative or administrative proposals—
“(A) to promote coordination among Federal programs to assist urban areas;
“(B) to enhance the fiscal capacity of fiscally distressed urban areas;
“(C) to promote job opportunities in economically distressed urban areas and to enhance the job skills of residents of such areas; 
“(D) to generate decent and affordable housing;
“(E) to reduce racial tensions and to combat racial and ethnic violence in urban areas;
