PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992         106 STAT. 4015

(D) that practices nondiscrimination in the provision 
of assistance.
"(8) The term 'project' means a structure or structures 
(or a portion of such structure or structures) that is acquired, 
rehabilitated, constructed, or leased with assistance provided 
under this subtitle or with respect to which the Secretary 
provides technical assistance or annual payments for operating 
costs under this subtitle, or supportive services.
"(9) The term 'recipient' means any governmental or non-
profit entity that receives assistance under this subtitle.
"(10) The term 'Secretary' means the Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development.
"(11) The term 'State' means each of the several States, 
the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, 
the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mari-
ana Islands, and Palau.
"(12) The term 'supportive housing' means a project that 
meets the requirements of section 424.
"(13) The term 'supportive services' means services under 
section 425.
"(14) The term 'urban county' has the meaning given the 
term in section 102 of the Housing and Community Develop-
ment Act of 1974.
"SEC. 423. ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.

"(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may provide any project with 
one or more of the following types of assistance under this subtitle:
(1) ACQUISITION AND REHABILITATION.—A grant, in an 
amount not to exceed $200,000, for the acquisition, rehabilita- 
tion, or acquisition and rehabilitation, of an existing structure 
(including a small commercial property or office space) to pro- 
vide supportive housing other than emergency shelter or to 
provide supportive services; except that the Secretary may 
increase the dollar limitation under this sentence to not more 
than $400,000 for areas that the Secretary finds have high 
acquisition and rehabilitation costs. The repayment of any 
outstanding debt owed on a loan made to purchase an existing 
structure shall be considered to be a cost of acquisition eligible 
for a grant under this paragraph if the structure was not 
used as supportive housing, or to provide supportive services, 
before the receipt of assistance.
"(2) NEW CONSTRUCTION.—A grant, in an amount not to 
exceed $400,000, for new construction of a structure to provide 
supportive housing.
"(3) LEASING.—A grant for leasing of an existing structure 
or structures, or portions thereof, to provide supportive housing 
or supportive services during the period covered by the applica- 
tion. Grant recipients may reapply for such assistance as 
needed to continue the use of such structure for purposes of 
this subtitle.
(4) OPERATING COSTS.—Annual payments for operating 
costs of housing assisted under this subtitle, not to exceed 
75 percent of the annual operating costs of such housing. Grant 
recipients may reapply for such assistance as needed to con- 
tinue the use of the housing for purposes of this subtitle.
"(5) SUPPORTIVE SERVICES.—A grant for costs of supportive 
services provided to homeless individuals. Any recipient, includ-