106 STAT. 3688	PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

	"(E) Assistance may not be provided under this paragraph 
	for any project or building assisted under section 14.
	"(F)(i) For each fiscal year for which amounts are reserved 
	or appropriated for the purposes of this paragraph, the Secretary
	40  Usetablish performance goals to evaluate the effectiveness of
	the use of such amounts. The goals shall—
	"(I) be designed to maximize the effectiveness of the 
	expenditures in a quantifiable manner; and 
	"(II) describe the number of units to be redesigned, redevel-
	 oped, and reconstructed with such amounts and improvements 
	 in the management of projects so assisted to be accomplished 
	with such amounts.
	"(ii) Not later than 60 days after the end of each such fiscal
	 year, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress, which
	shall describe the performance goals established for the fiscal year,
	the activities carried out with such amounts, and a statement 
	of whether the performance goals were met. If the performance 
	goals were not met, the report shall contain— 
	"(I) an explanation of why the goals were not met and 
	a description of any managerial deficiencies or legal problems 
	that contributed to not meeting such goals;
	"(II) plans and a schedule for achieving the level of perform- 
	ance under such performance goals;
	"(III) recommendations for legislative or regulatory changes 
	necessary to achieve the performance goals or improve perform-
	ance; and 
	"(IV) a statement of whether the performance goals estab- 
	lished for the fiscal year were impractical or infeasible, and, 
	if so, the factors that contributed and resulted in establishing 
	such impractical or infeasible goals and recommendations of 
	actions to meet such goals, which may include changing the 
	goals or altering or eliminating the program under this para-
	graph for major reconstruction of projects."
	(b) MODERNIZATION AND DISPOSITION REQUIREMENTS.-
	42 USC 14371. (1) MODERNIZATION.—Section 14(c) of the United States
	Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 14371(c)) is amended—
	(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)—
	(i) by inserting "buildings of" after "for"; and 
	(ii) by striking "which";
	(B) in each of paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4), by 
	inserting "which projects" after the paragraph designation;
	(C) in paragraph (3), by striking "and'' at the end;
	(D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); 
	and
	(E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new 
	paragraph:
	"(4) which buildings are not assisted under section 5(j)(2); 
	and".
	42 USC 1437p. (2) DEMOLITION AND DISPOSITION.—Section 18(a) of the 
	United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437p(a)) is 
	amended—
	(A) in paragraph (1), by striking "or" at the end; 
	(B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the 
	end and inserting ", or"; and
	(C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: