106 STAT. 3898          PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

42 USC 4851b.         (2) to reorient the national approach to the presence of lead-based paint in housing to implement, on a priority basis, a broad program to evaluate and reduce lead-based paint hazards in the Nation's housing stock;
                            (3) to encourage effective action to prevent childhood lead poisoning by establishing a workable framework for lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction and by ending the current confusion over reasonable standards of care;
                            (4) to ensure that the existence of lead-based paint hazards is taken into account in the development of Government housing policies and in the sale, rental, and renovation of homes and apartments;
                           (5) to mobilize national resources expeditiously, through a partnership among all levels of government and the private sector, to develop the most promising, cost-effective methods for evaluating and reducing lead-based paint hazards;
                           (6) to reduce the threat of childhood lead poisoning in housing owned, assisted, or transferred by the Federal Government; and
                           (7) to educate the public concerning the hazards and sources of lead-based paint poisoning and steps to reduce and eliminate such hazards.

SEC. 1004. DEFINITIONS.
For the purposes of this Act, the following definitions shall apply:
                          (1) ABATEMENT.-The term "abatement" means any set of measures designed to permanently eliminate lead-based paint hazards in accordance with standards established by appropriate Federal agencies. Such term includes-
                              (A) the removal of lead-based paint and lead-contaminated dust, the permanent containment or encapsulation of lead-based paint, the replacement of lead-painted surfaces or fixtures, and the removal or covering of lead contaminated soil; and
                              (B) all preparation, cleanup, disposal, and postabatement clearance testing activities associated with such measures.
                         (2) ACCESSIBLE SURFACE.-The term "accessible surface means an interior or exterior surface painted with lead-based paint that is accessible for a young child to mouth or chew.
                         (3) CERTIFIED CONTRACTOR.-The term "certified contractor" means-
                             (A) a contractor, inspector, or supervisor who has completed a training program certified by the appropriate Federal agency and has met any other requirements for certification or licensure established by such agency or who has been certified by any State through a program which has been found by such Federal agency to be at least as rigorous as the Federal certification program; and
                             (B) workers or designers who have fully met training requirements established by the appropriate Federal agency.
                         (4) CONTRACT FOR THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF RESIDENTIAL REAL PROPERTY.-The term "contract for the purchase and sale
of residential real property" means any contract or agreement in which one party agrees to purchase an interest real