PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT 3759

amount not exceeding 10 percent of any assistance provided under this paragraph). The Secretary shall give priority under this paragraph to providing technical assistance for organizations rehabilitating single family or multifamily housing owned or controlled by the Secretary pursuant to title II of the National Housing Act and which have women members in occupations in which women constitute 25 percent or less of the total number of workers in the occupation (in this section referred to as ‘nontraditional occupations’).”;
(3) in subsection (c)(1)—
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking “and” at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking “or” at the end and inserting “and”; and
(C) by adding at the end the following:
“(E) in the case of activities under subsection (b)(7), is a community-based organization (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Job Training Partnership Act) or public housing agency, which has demonstrated experience in preparing women for apprenticeship training in construction or administering programs for training women for construction or other nontraditional occupations (and such organizations may use assistance for activities under such subsection to employ women in housing construction and rehabilitation activities to the extent that the organization has the capacity to conduct such activities); or”; and
(4) by adding at the end of subsection (e) the following: “The Secretary shall provide assistance under this section, to the extent applications are submitted and approved, to contractors in each of the geographic regions having a regional office of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.”.

SEC. 214. LAND BANKS AND REDEVELOPMENT.
(a) PRIORITIES FOR CAPACITY DEVELOPMENT.—Section 242 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12782) is amended—	
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking “and” at the end;
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting “; and”; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
“(6) facilitate the establishment and efficient operation of land bank programs, under which title to vacant and abandoned parcels of real estate located in or causing blighted neighborhoods is cleared for use consistent with the purposes of this title.”.

SEC. 215. RESEARCH IN PROVIDING AFFORDABLE HOUSING THROUGH INNOVATIVE BUILDING TECHNIQUES AND TECHNOLOGY.
The second sentence of section 244 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12784) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: “through the use of cost-saving innovative building technology and con-struction techniques”.