PUBLIC LAW 102-550--OCT. 28, 1992           106 STAT. 3941

tion required under this paragraph, as determined by the Secretary,
the unit of general local government may submit its assessment
submitted to the State to the Secretary and shall be considered
to have complied with this paragraph". 

SEC. 1207. REPORTS BY SECRETARY.
     Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this
Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit
a report to the Congress. The report shall--
     (1) describe any successful State and local strategies for
     the removal of barriers to affordable housing;
     (2) assess the impact of identified regulatory barriers on
     the housing patterns of minorities; and
     (3) describe any strategies developed or implemented by
     the Department of Housing and Urban Development for reduc-
     ing barriers to affordable housing imposed by the Federal
     Government. 

TITLE XIII--GOVERNMENT SPONSORED
ENTERPRISES


SEC. 1301. SHORT TITLE.
     This title may be cited as the "Federal Housing Enterprises
Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992". 

SEC. 1302. CONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS.
     The Congress finds that--
     (1) the Federal National Mortgage Association and the 
     Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (referred to in this
     section collectively as the "enterprises"), and the Federal Home
     Loan Banks (referred to in this section as the "Banks"), have
     important public missions that are reflected in the statutes
     and charter Acts establishing the Banks and the enterprises;
     (2) because the continued ability of the Federal National
     Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage
     Corporation to accomplish their public missions is important
     to providing housing in the United States and the health of
     the Nation's economy, more effective Federal regulation is
     needed to reduce the risk of failure of the enterprises;
     (3) considering the current operating procedures of the
     Federal National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan
     Mortgage Corporation, and the Federal Home Loan Banks,
     the enterprises and the Banks currently pose low financial
     risk of insolvency;
     (4) neither the enterprises nor the Banks, nor any securities
     or obligations issued by the enterprises or the Banks, are
     backed by the full faith and credit of the United States;
     (5) an entity regulating the Federal National Mortgage
     Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
     should have sufficient autonomy from the enterprises and spe-
     cial interest groups;
     (6) an entity regulating such enterprises should have the
     authority to establish capital standards, require financial disclo-
     sure, prescribe adequate standards for books and records and
     other internal controls, conduct examinations when necessary,