106 STAT. 3950           PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
(b) PROHIBITION OF SETTING COMPENSATION.—In carrying out
subsection (a), the Director may not prescribe or set a specific
level or range of compensation.
                                     SEC. 1319. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE FOR REVIEW OF ENTERPRISES
                                     BY RATING ORGANIZATION.
                       The Director may, on such terms and conditions as the Director
12 USC 4519. deems appropriate, contract with any entity effectively recognized
                       by the Division of Market Regulation of the Securities and Exchange 
                       Commission as a nationally recognized statistical rating organiza-
                       tion for the purposes of the capital rules for broker-dealers, to
                       conduct a review of the enterprises.
Minorities.                  SEC. 1319A. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY IN SOLICITATION OF CONTRACTS.
Women.
12 USC 4520.       (a) IN GENERAL.—Each enterprise shall establish a minority
                         outreach program to ensure the inclusion (to the maximum extent
                         possible) in contracts entered into by the enterprises of minorities
                         and women and businesses owned by minorities and women, includ-
                         ing financial institutions, investment banking firms, underwriters,
                         accountants, brokers, and providers of legal services.
                         (b) REPORT.—Not later than the expiration of the 180-day period
                         beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, each enterprise
                         shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban
                         Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on
                         Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report describ-
                        ing the actions taken by the enterprise pursuant to subsection 
                         (a). 
12 USC 4521.                SEC. 1319B. ANNUAL REPORTS BY DIRECTOR.
                         (a) GENERAL REPORT.—The Director shall submit to the
                         Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House
                         of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and
                         Urban Affairs of the Senate, not later than June 15 of each year,
                         a written report, which shall include—
                            (1) a description of the actions taken, and being under-
                                  taken, by the Director to carry out this title;
                            (2) a description of the financial safety and soundness
                                  of each enterprise, including the results and conclusions of
                                  the annual examinations of the enterprises conducted under
                                  section 1317(a); and
                            (3) any recommendations for legislation to enhance the 
                                  financial safety and soundness
(b) REPORT ON ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS.—Not later than March
15 each of each year, the Director shall submit to the Committee on 
Banking, Finance, Banking and Urban Affairs of the House of Represen-
tatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs
of the Senate a written report describing, for the preceding calendar 
year, the requests by the Director to the Attorney General for 
enforcement actions under subtitle C and describing the disposition 
of each request, which shall include statements of—
                    (1) the total number of requests made by the Director;
                    (2) the number of requests that resulted in the commence-
                          ment of litigation by the Department of Justice;
                   (3) the number of requests that did not result in the
                          commencement of litigation by the Department of Justice;
                   (4) with respect to requests that resulted in the commence-
                          ment of litigation—