106 STAT. 3788

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

Reports.

(b) EXPANSION OF PROGRAM.—Not later than the expiration of the 2-year period beginning on the date of the implementation of the energy efficient mortgage pilot program under this section, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall expand the pilot program on a nationwide basis and shall expand the program to include new residential housing, unless the Secretary determines that either such expansion would not be practicable in which case the Secretary shall submit to the Congress, before the expiration of such period, a report explaining why either expansion would not be practicable. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section: 
(1) The term "base loan" means any mortgage loan for a residential building eligible for insurance under title II of the National Housing Act or title 38, United States Code, that does not include the cost of cost-effective energy improvements. 
(2) The term "cost-effective" means, with respect to energy efficiency improvements to a residential building, improvements that result in the total present value cost of the improvements (including any maintenance and repair expenses) being less than the total present value of the energy saved over the useful life of the improvement, when 100 percent of the cost of improvements is added to the base loan. For purposes of this paragraph, savings and cost-effectiveness shall be determined pursuant to a home energy rating report sufficient for purposes of the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or by other technically accurate methods. 
(3) The term "energy efficient mortgage" means a mortgage on a residential building that recognizes the energy savings of a home that has cost-effective energy saving construction or improvements (including solar water heaters, solar-assisted air conditioners and ventilators, super-insulation, and insulating glass and film) and that has the effect of not disqualifying a borrower who, but for the expenditures on energy saving construction or improvements, would otherwise have qualified for a base loan. 
(4) The term “residential building” means any attached or unattached single family residence.
(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—This section may not be construed to affect any other programs of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for energy-efficient mortgages. The pilot program carried out under this section shall not replace or result in the termination of such other programs.
(e) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out this section not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The regulations shall be issued after notice and opportunity for public comment pursuant to the provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code (notwithstanding subsections (a)(2), (b)(B), and (d)(3) of such section).
(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section.