PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992        106 STAT. 3791

"shall be negotiable, and, if in book entry form, transferable, in the manner described by the Secretary in regulations";
(3) by striking in the fourth sentence of subsection (i) "and such guaranty" and inserting the following: "and, in the case of debentures issued in certificated registered form, such guaranty"; and
(4) by striking subsection (j) and inserting the following:
"(j) Debentures issued under this section-
"(1) shall be in such form and amounts;
"(2) shall be subject to such terms and conditions;
"(3) shall include such provisions for redemption, if any, as may be prescribed by the Secretary of Housing and Development, with the approval of the Secretary of Treasury; and
"(4) may be in book entry or certificated registered form, or such other from as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may prescribe in regulations."
(c) REHABILITATION AND NEIGBORHOOD CONSERVATION HOUS­ ING INSURANCE.-Section 220(h) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715k) is amended—
(1) by striking in the first sentence of paragraph (7), "shall be signed by the Secretary, by either his written or engraved signature, shall be negotiable" and inserting the following: "shall be negotiable, and, if in book entry form, transferable, in the manner described by the Secretary in regulations";
(2) by striking in the fourth sentence of paragraph (h)(7) "and the guaranty " and inserting the following: "and, in the case of debentures issued in certificated registered form, the guaranty";
(3) by striking the sixth sentence of paragraph (7), and inserting the following: "Debentures issued under this sub­ section shall be in such form and amounts; shall be subject to such terms and conditions; and shall include such provisions for redemption, if any, as may be prescribed by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury; and may be in book entry or certifi­ cated registered form, or such other form as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may prescribe in regula­ tions."; and
(4) by striking the last sentence of paragraph (7).
(d) HOUSING FOR MODERATE INCOME AND DISPLACED FAMI­ LIES.—The second sentence of section 221(g)(4)(A) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 17151g((4)(A)) is amended by striking ", subject to the cash adjustment provided herein, issue to the mortgagee debentures having total face value" and inserting the following: "issue to the mortgagee debentures having a par value".
SEC. 517. COVERAGE OF THE MULTIFAMILY MORTGAGE FORE­ CLOSURE ACT.
(a) PURPOSES.-Section 362 of the Multifamily Mortgage Fore­ closure Act of 1981 (12 U.S.C. 3701) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking "real estate" and all that follows through "properties" and inserting: "multifamily mortgages"; and
(2) in subsection (b), by striking "multiunit" and all that follows through "1964" and inserting "multifamily mortgages".