PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992                                         106 STAT. 3777

submitted in accordance with title IV of the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1992.

      "(D) The extent to which there is evidence that there will 
be significant opportunities for residents (including a resident 
council or resident management corporation, as appropriate) 
to be involved in management of the project (except that this 
paragraph shall have no application to projects that are owned 
as cooperatives).
      "(E) The extent to which there is evidence that the project 
owner has provided competent management and complied with 
all regulatory and administrative instructions (including such 
instructions with respect to the comprehensive servicing of 
multifamily projects as the Secretary may issue).
      "(F) Such other criteria as the Secretary may specify by 
regulation or in a Federal Register notice of fund availability.
      "(2) Eligible projects that have federally insured mortgages 
in force are to be selected for award of assistance under this 
section before any other eligible project.".

    (c) LOW-INCOME Affordability Restrictions.--Section 
201(l)(2)(D) of the Housing and Community Development Amend- 
ments of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 1715z-la(l)(2)(D)) is amended by adding 
at the end the following: "The Secretary may require owners receiv- 
ing assistance for capital improvements under this section to retain 
the housing as housing affordable for very low-income families 
or persons, low-income families or persons and moderate-income 
families or persons for the remaining useful life of the housing.
For purposes of this section, the term 'remaining useful life' means, 
with respect to housing assisted under this section, the period 
during which the physical characteristics of the housing remain 
in a condition suitable for occupancy, assuming normal maintenance 
and repairs are made and major systems and capital components 
are replaced as becomes necessary.".

   (d) Exclusivity of Assistance.--Section 201 of the Housing 
and Community Development Amendments of 1978, as amended 
by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the 
following new subsection:

      "(o) Projects receiving assistance under this section are not 
eligible for prepayment incentives under the Emergency Low- 
Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987 or the Low-Income Hous- 
ing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990. Projects 
receiving financial assistance under such Acts are not eligible for 
assistance under this section.".

   (e) Owner Contributions.--Section 201(k)(2) of the Housing 
and Community Development Amendments of 1978 is amended--
       (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking "and"; 
       (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and insert- 
       ing ", and"; and 
       (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
           "(D) the Secretary shall give owners credit for advances 
             made to the project during a 3-year period prior to the 
             application for assistance.".

   (f) Coordination of Assistance.--Section 201 of the Housing 
and Community Development Amendments of 1978, as amended 
by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the 
following new subsection:

      "(p) The Secretary shall coordinate the allocation of assistance 
under this section with assistance made available under section