PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

SEC. 657. TREATMENT OF COVERED SECTION 8 HOUSING NOT SUB- JECT TO ELDERLY PREFERENCE.

      If an owner of any covered section 8 housing project designed primarily for occupancy by elderly families does not give preference in occupancy to elderly families as authorized in this subtitle, then elderly families (as such term was defined in section 3 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 before the date of the enactment of this Act) shall be eligible for occupancy in such housing to the same extent that such families were eligible before the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 658. TREATMENT OF OTHER FEDERALLY ASSISTED HOUSING.

      (a) RESTRICTED OCCUPANCY.- An owner of any federally assisted project (or portion of a project) as described in subpara- graphs (D), (E), and (F) of section 683(2) that was designed for occupancy by elderly families may continue to restrict occupancy in such project (or portion) to elderly families in accordance with the rules, standards, and agreements governing occupancy in such housing in effect at the time of the development of the housing.
      (b) PROHIBITION OF EVICTIONS.- Any tenant who is lawfully residing in a dwelling unit in a housing project described in sub- section (a) may not be evicted or otherwise required to vacate such unit because of any reservation or preferences under this subtitle or because of any action taken by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or the owner of the project pursuant to this subtitle.

SEC. 659. COVERED SECTION 8 HOUSING.

      For purposes of this subtitle, the term "covered section 8 hous- ing" means housing described in section 683(2)(G) that was origi- nally designed for occupancy by elderly families.

SEC. 660. SECTION 8 PREFERENCE.

      Section 8(d) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
      "(4) A public housing agency that serves more than one unit of general local government may, at the discretion of the agency, in allocating assistance under this section, give priority to disabled families that are not elderly families.".

SEC. 661. STUDY.

      The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall conduct a study to determine the extent to which Federal housing programs serve elderly families, disabled families, and families with children, in relation to the need of such families who are eligible for assist- ance under such programs. The Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress describing the study and the findings of the study not later than the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.