106 STAT. 3926

PUBLIC LAW 102-550 -- OCT. 28, 1992

(9) evaluate the long-term cost-effectiveness of interim control and abatement strategies; and 
(10) assess the effectiveness of hazard evaluation and reduction activities funded by this Act.

SEC. 1053. AUTHORIZATION.

Of the total amount approved in appropriation Acts under section 1011(o), there shall be set aside to carry out this part $5,000,000 for fiscal year 1993, and $5,000,000 for fiscal year 1994.

PART 2 -- GAO REPORT

SEC. 1056. FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION AND INSURANCE STUDY.

(a) FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION STUDY. -- The Comptroller General of the United States shall assess the effectiveness of Federal enforcement and compliance with lead safety laws and regulations, including any changes needed in annual inspection procedures to identify lead-based paint hazards in units receiving assistance under subsections (b) and (o) of section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937.
(b) INSURANCE STUDY. -- The Comptroller General of the United States shall assess the availability of liability insurance for owners of residential housing that contains lead-based paint and persons engaged in lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction activities. In carrying out the assessment, the Comptroller General shall --
(1) analyze any precedents in the insurance industry for the containment and abatement of environmental hazards, such as asbestos, in federally assisted housing;
(2) provide an assessment of the recent insurance experience in the public housing lead hazard identification and reduction program; and
(3) recommend measures for increasing the availability of liability insurance to owners and contractors engaged in federally supported work.

Subtitle E -- Reports

SEC. 1061. REPORTS OF THE SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT.

(a) ANNUAL REPORT. --The Secretary shall transmit to the Congress an annual report that --
(1) sets forth the Secretary's assessment of the progress made in implementing the various programs authorized by this title;
(2) summarizes the most current health and environmental studies on childhood lead poisoning, including studies that analyze the relationship between interim control and abatement activities and the incidence of lead poisoning in resident children;
(3) recommends legislative and administrative initiatives that may improve the performance by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in combating lead hazards through the expansion of lead hazard evaluation and reduction activities;