106 STAT. 3732          PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

"(A) maintains, through significant representation on the organization's governing board or otherwise, accountability to low-income community residents and, to the extent practicable, low-income beneficiaries of programs receiving assistance under this subtitle; and 
"(B) has a history of serving the local community or communities where a program receiving assistance under this subtitle is located.
"(4) HOMELESS INDIVIDUAL.-The term 'homeless individual' has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act.
"(5) HOUSING DEVELOPMENT AGENCY.-The term 'housing development agency' means any agency of a State or local government, or any private nonprofit organization that is engaged in providing housing for homeless or low-income families.
"(6) INCOME.-The term 'income' has the meaning given the term in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937.
"(7) INDIAN TRIBE.-The term 'Indian tribe' has the same meaning given such term in section 102(a)(17) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974  (42 U.S.C. 5302(a)(17)).
"(8) INDIVIDUAL WHO HAS DROPPED OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL.-The term 'individual who has dropped out of high school' means an individual who is neither attending any school nor subject to a compulsory attendance law and who has not received a secondary school diploma or a certificate of equivalency for such diploma.
"(9) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION.-The term 'institution of higher education' has the meaning given the term in section 1201(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965.
(10) LIMITED-ENGLISH PROFICIENCY.-The term 'limited-English proficiency' has the meaning given the term in section 7003 of the Bilingual Education Act.
"(11) LOW-INCOME FAMILY.-The term 'low-income family' has the meaning given the term in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937.
"(12) OFFENDER.-The term 'offender' means any adult or juvenile with a record of arrest or conviction for a criminal offense.
"(13) QUALIFIED NONPROFIT AGENCY.-The term 'qualified public or private nonprofit agency' means any nonprofit agency that has significant prior experience in the operation of projects similar to the Youthbuild program authorized under this subtitle and that has the capacity to provide effective technical assistance.
"(14) RELATED FACILITIES.-The term 'related facilities' includes cafeterias or dining halls, community rooms or buildings, appropriate recreation facilities, and other essential service facilities.
"(15) SECRETARY.-The term 'Secretary' means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
"(16) STATE.-The term 'State' means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Trust Terri-