106 STAT 3992                             PUBLIC LAW 102-550 - OCT. 28, 1992

(A) shall provide for the Director to notify the enterprise in writing of the Director's determination to impose the penalty, which shall be made on record;
(B) shall provide for the imposition of a penalty only after the enterprise, executive officer, or director had been given an opportunity for a hearing on the record pursuant to section 1373; and
(C) may provide for review by the Director of any determination or order, or interlocutory ruling, arising from a hearing.

(2) FACTORS IN DETERMINING AMOUNT OF PENALTY.- In determining the amount of a penalty under this section, the Director shall give consideration to such factors as the gravity of the violation, any history of prior violations, the affect of the penalty on the safety and soundness of the enterprise, any injury to the public, any benefits received, and deterrence of future violations, and any other factors the Director may determine by regulation to be appropriate.

(3) REVIEW OF IMPOSITION OF PENALTY.- The order of the Director imposing a penalty under this section shall not be subject to review, except as provided in section 1374.

(d) ACTION TO COLLECT PENALTY.- If an enterprise, executive officer, or director fails to comply with an order of the Director imposing a civil money penalty under this section, after the order is no longer subject to review as provided under subsection (c)(1) and section 1374, the Director may request the Attorney General of the United States to bring an action in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to obtain a monetary judgment against the enterprise, executive officer, or director and such other relief as may be available, or may, under the direction and control of the Attorney General, bring such an action. The monetary judgement may, in the discretion of the court, include any attorney's fees and other expenses incurred by United States in connection with the action. In an action under this subsection, the validity and appropriateness of the order of the Director imposing the penalty shall not be subject to review.

(e) SETTLEMTNT BY DIRECTOR.- The Director may compromise, modify, or remit any civil money penalty which may be, or has been, imposed under this section.

(f) AVAILABILITY OF OTHER REMEDIES.- Any civil money penalty under this section shall be in addition to any other available civil remedy and may be imposed whether or not the Director imposes other administrative sanctions.

(g) PROHIBITION OF REIMBURSEMENT OR INDEMNIFICATION. - An enterprise may not reimburse or indemnify any individual for any penalty imposed under subsection (b)(3).

(h) DEPOSIT OF PENALTIES.- The Director should deposit any civil money penalties collected under this section into the general fund of the Treasury.

(i) APPLICABILITY.- A penalty under this section may be imposed only for conduct or violations under subsection (a) occurring after the date of the enactment of this act.

12 USC 4637.

SEC. 1377. WOWIJG AFTER SEPERATION FROM SERVICE. 
The resignation, termination of employment or participation, or separation of a director or executive officer of an enterprise shall not affect the jurisdiction and authority of the Director to