PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                  106 STAT. 3731

"(3) PARTICIPATION LIMITATION.—Any eligible individual selected for full-time participation in a Youthbuild program may be offered full-time participation for a period of not less than 6 months and not more than 24 months.
"(b) MINIMUM TIME DEVOTED TO EDUCATIONAL SERVICES AND
ACTIVITIES.—A Youthbuild program receiving assistance under this subtitle shall be structured so that 50 percent of the time spent by participants in the program is devoted to educational services and activities, such as those specified in subparagraphs (B) through (F) of section 454(b)(4).
"(c) AUTHORITY RESTRICTION.—No provision of this subtitle may 
be construed to authorize any agency, officer, or employee of the
United States to exercise any direction, supervision, or control 
over the curriculum, program of instruction, administration, or 
personnel of any educational institution, school, or school system, 
or over the selection of library resources, textbooks, or other printed 
or published instructional materials by any educational institution 
or school system.
"(d) STATE AND LOCAL STANDARDS.—All educational programs 
and activities supported with funds provided under this subtitle
shall be consistent with applicable State and local educational 
standards. Standards and procedures with respect to the awarding
of academic credit and certifying educational attainment in such
programs shall be consistent with applicable State and local edu-
cational standards.
"(e) WAGES, LABOR STANDARDS, AND NONDISCRIMINATION. —To 
the  extent  consistent  with  the provisions  of  this  subtitle,  sections 
142, 143 and 167 of the Job Training Partnership Act, relating 
to wages and benefits, labor standards, and nondiscrimination, shall 
apply to the programs conducted under this subtitle as if such 
programs were conducted under  the  Job  Training Partnership Act. 
This section may not be construed to prevent a recipient of a 
grant under this subtitle from using funds from non-Federal sources
to increase wages and benefits under such programs, if appropriate.
'SBC. 457.  DKFINmONS.
"For purposes of this subtitle:
"(1) ADJUSTED INCOME.—The term 'adjusted income' has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(b) of the United 
States Housing Act of 1937.
"(2) APPLICANT.—The term 'applicant' means a public or
private nonprofit agency, including—
"(A) a community-based organization;
"(B) an administrative entity designated under section 
103(bX1XB) of the Job Training Partnership Act;
"(C) a community action agency;
"(D) a State and local housing development agency;
"(E) a community development corporation;
"(F) a State and local youth service and conservation
corps; and
"(G) any other entity eligible to provide education and
employment training under other Federal employment 
training programs.
"(3) COMMUNITY-BASED ORGANIZATION.—The term 'commu-
nity-based organization' means a private nonprofit organization
that—

                                                           42 USC 12899f.