106 STAT. 3838		PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992   

	"(B) working with service providers to design the provi- 
sion of services to meet the needs of frail elderly residents
of the project, taking into consideration the needs and
desires of such residents and their ability and willingness
to pay for such services, as expressed by the residents; 
	"(C) mobilizing public and private resources to obtain 
funding for such services for such residents;
	"(D) monitoring and evaluating the impact and 
effectiveness of any supportive services provided for such
residents;
	"(E) consulting and coordinating with any appropriate 
public and private agencies regarding the provision of
supportive services; and
	"(F) performing such other duties that the Secretary 
deems appropriate to enable frail elderly persons residing
in federally assisted housing to live with dignity and
independence.
		"(2) QUALIFICATIONS.-Individuals employed as service 
coordinators pursuant to this subsection shall meet the mini-
mum qualifications and standards established under section
802(d)(4) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing
Act for service coordinators under a congregate housing services
program.
		"(3) APPLICATION AND SELECTION.-The Secretary shall pro-
vide for the form and manner of applications for grants under
this subsection and for the selection of applicants to receive
the grants.
		"(4) DEFINITION OF FRAIL ELDERLY.-For purposes of this 
subsection, the term 'frail elderly' has the meaning given the
term in section 802(k) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act.". 
	(f) PROHIBITIONS REGARDING CONSIDERATIONS IN MAKING 
LOANS.-
			(1) IN GENERAL.-Section 515 of the Housing Act of 1949
	(42 U.S.C. 1485), as amended by this section, is further
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
		"(z) PROHIBITIONS.-
			"(1) REMOTE RURAL AREAS.-The Secretary may not refuse 
to make a loan that otherwise complies with the requirements
under this section solely because the housing and related facili-
ties involved are located in an area that is excessively rural
in character or excessively remote.
			"(2) ESSENTIAL SERVICES.-In making loans under this sec-
tion, the Secretary may not provide any preference for any
project based on the availability of any particular essential
service. For purposes of this paragraph, an essential service
shall include post offices (and postal services), grocery stores,
pharmacies, schools, and health service facilities (and health
services).
			"(3) GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION.-In making loans under this 
section, the Secretary may not grant or deny approval based
on the geographic location of the proposed project if the project
is located in a rural area, as such term is defined in section
520, except that the Secretary shall give preference to any
application for a project that will serve the needs of a rural
community located 20 or more miles from an urban area.".