PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
106 STAT. 4039

SEC. 1411. CONSULTATION AND REPORT REGARDING USE OF NATIONAL GUARD FACILITIES AS OVERNIGHT SHELTERS FOR HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS.
(a) USE OF AVAILABLE SPACE AT NATIONAL GUARD FACILITIES.— The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall consult with the chief executive officers of the States and the Secretary of Defense to determine the availability of space at National Guard facilities for use by homeless organizations in providing overnight shelter for homeless persons and families. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall determine the availability of only such space that can be used for shelter purposes during periods it is not actively being used for National Guard purposes. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall also determine the availability of incidental services at such facilities, including utilities, bedding, security, transportation, renovation of facilities, minor repairs undertaken specifically to make available space in a facility suitable for use as an overnight shelter for homeless individuals, and property liability insurance. 

(b) LIMITATIONS.—In consultations under this section, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall determine—
(1) the number and capacity of such facilities that may be made available for shelters for homeless persons and families without adversely affecting the military or emergency service preparedness of the State or the United States; and
(2) whether any available space is suitable for use as an overnight shelter for homeless individuals or can, with minor repairs, be made suitable for that use.

(c) REPORT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit to the Congress, not later than the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, a report regarding the consultations and determinations made by the Secretary under this section. The report shall include any recommendations of the Secretary regarding the need for, and feasibility of, using National Guard facilities for homeless shelters and any recommendations of the Secretary for administrative or legislative action to provide for such use.

SEC. 1412. STRATEGY TO ELIMINATE UNFIT TRANSIENT FACILITIES.
Section 825(a) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 note) is amended in the first sentence—
(1) by striking “Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act” and inserting “Housing and Community Development Act of 1992”, and
(2) by striking “July 1, 1992” and inserting “July 1, 1994”.

SEC. 1413. AMENDMENTS TO TABLE OF CONTENTS.
The table of contents in section 101(b) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act is amended—
(1) by striking the item relating to section 401 and inserting the following new item:
“Sec. 401. Housing affordability strategy.”;
(2) by striking the item relating to the heading for subtitle C of title IV and all that follows through the item relating to section 484 and inserting the following new items: