106 STAT. 4020         PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

“(2) to conduct an ongoing assessment of the supportive services required by homeless individuals served by the project and the availability of such services to such individuals;
“(3) to provide such residential supervision as the Secretary determines is necessary to facilitate the adequate provision of supportive services to the residents and users of the project;
“(4) to monitor and report to the Secretary on the progress of the project;
“(5) to develop and implement procedures to ensure (A) the confidentiality of records pertaining to any individual provided family violence prevention or treatment services through any project assisted under this subtitle, and (B) that the address or location of any family violence shelter project assisted under this subtitle will not be made public, except with written authorization of the person or persons responsible for the operation of such project;
“(6) to the maximum extent practicable, to involve homeless individuals and families, through employment, volunteer services, or otherwise, in constructing, rehabilitating, maintaining, and operating the project assisted under this subtitle and in providing supportive services for the project; and
“(7) to comply with such other terms and conditions as the Secretary may establish to carry out this subtitle in an effective and efficient manner.
“(d) OCCUPANCY CHARGE.—Each homeless individual or family residing in a project providing supportive housing may be required to pay an occupancy charge in an amount determined by the recipient providing the project, which may not exceed the amount determined under section 3(a) of the United States Housing Act of 1937. Occupancy charges paid may be reserved, in whole or in part, to assist residents in moving to permanent housing.
“(e) MATCHING FUNDING.—Each recipient shall be required to supplement the amount of assistance provided under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 423(a) with an equal amount of funds from sources other than this subtitle.
“(f) FLOOD PROTECTION STANDARDS.—Flood protection standards applicable to housing acquired, rehabilitated, constructed, or assisted under this subtitle shall be no more restrictive than the standards applicable under Executive Order No. 11988 (May 24, 1977) to the other programs under this title.
Regulations.
“(g) PARTICIPATION OF HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS.—The Secretary shall, by regulation, require each recipient to provide for the participation of not less than 1 homeless individual or former homeless individual on the board of directors or other equivalent policymaking entity of the recipient, to the extent that such entity considers and makes policies and decisions regarding any project, supportive services, or assistance provided under this subtitle. The Secretary may grant waivers to applicants unable to meet the requirement under the preceding sentence if the applicant agrees to otherwise consult with homeless or formerly homeless individuals in considering and making such policies and decisions.
“(h) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—No assistance received under this subtitle (or any State or local government funds used to supplement such assistance) may be used to replace other State or local funds previously used, or designated for use, to assist homeless persons.