PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992              106 STAT. 3713

by the family in homeownership, the employment status and history of employment of family members, and maintenance by the family of the family’s previous dwelling.

(e) PROVISION OF SUPPORTIVE SERVICES.-The Housing Authority shall ensure the availability of supportive services to each family participating in the demonstration program through its own resources and through coordination with Federal, State, and local agencies and private entities. Supportive services available under the demonstration program may include counseling, remedial education, education for completion of high school, job training and preparation, financial counseling emphasizing planning for homeownership, and any other appropriate services.

(f) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.-
  (1) BIENNIAL REPORT.-Upon the expiration of the 2-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, and each 2-year period thereafter, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit to the Congress a report evaluating the effectiveness of the demonstration program established under this section.
  (2) FINAL REPORT.-Not later than 60 days after termination of the demonstration program pursuant to subsection (h), the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a final report evaluating the effectiveness of the demonstration program.
(g) REGULATIONS.-Not later than the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue interim regulations to carry out this section, which shall take effect upon issuance. The Secretary shall issue interim regulations to carry out this subtitle after notice and opportunity for public comment regarding the interim regulations, pursuant to the provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code (notwithstanding subsections (a)(2), (b)(B), and (d)(3) of such section). The duration of the period for public comment shall not be less than 60 days, and the final regulations shall be issued not later than the expiration of the 60-day period beginning upon the conclusion of the comment period and shall take effect upon issuance.

(h) TERMINATION.-The demonstration program established under this section shall terminate 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.

Subtitle C-Section 8 Assistance

SEC. 141. ELIGIBILITY OF LOW-INCOME FAMILIES TO RECEIVE RENTAL ASSISTANCE.

(a) CERTIFICATES.-The first sentence of section 8(c)(4) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(c)(4)) is amended by inserting before the first comma the following: "or by a family that qualifies to receive assistance under subsection (b) pursuant to section 223 or 226 of the Low-Income Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990".

(b) VOUCHERS.-Section 8(o)(3)(A) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(3)(A)) is amended-
  (1) by striking "or" at the end of clause (iii); and
  (2) by inserting before the period the following: "or (v) a family that qualifies to receive a voucher under section 223