PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

the report is true and correct to the best of such officer's knowledge and belief. 

(b) CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS.--The Director may require an enterprise to submit a report to the Director after the declaration of any capital distribution by the enterprise and before making the capital distribution. The report shall be made in such form and under such circumstances and shall contain such information as the Director shall require. 

SEC. 1315. PERSONNEL. 

(a) OFFICE PERSONNEL.—The Director may appoint and fix the compensation of such officers and employees of the Office as the Director considers necessary to carry out the functions of the Director and the Office. Officers and employees may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates.

(b) COMPARABILITY OF COMPENSATION WITH FEDERAL BANKING AGENCIES.—In fixing and directing compensation under subsection (a), the Director shall consult with, and maintain comparability with compensation of officers and employees of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Office of Thrift Supervision.

(c) PERSONNEL OF OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES.—In carrying out the duties of the Office, the Director may use information, services, staff, and facilities of any executive agency, independent agency, or department on a reimbursable basis, with the consent of such agency or department.

(d) REIMBURSEMENT OF HUD.—The Director shall reimburse the Department of Housing and Urban Development for reasonable costs incurred by the Department that are directly related to the operations of the Office.

(e) OUTSIDE EXPERTS AND CONSULTANTS.—Notwithstanding any provision of law limiting pay or compensation, the Director may appoint and compensate such outside experts and consultants as the Director determines necessary to assist the work of the Office.

(f) EQUAL OPPORTUNITY REPORT.—Not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning upon the appointment of the Director under section 1312, the Director shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report containing—
(1) a complete description of the equal opportunity, affirmative action, and minority business enterprise utilization programs of the Office; and
(2) such recommendations for administrative and legislative action as the Director determines appropriate to carry out such programs.

SEC. 1316. FUNDING.

(a) ANNUAL ASSESSMENTS.—The Director may, to the extent provided in appropriation Acts, establish and collect from the enterprises annual assessments in an amount not exceeding the amount sufficient to provide for reasonable costs and expenses of the Office, including the expenses of any examinations under section 1317. The initial annual assessment shall include any startup costs of