PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992	106 STAT. 3817

or revised plan within (I) 90 days after the submission 
of any plan that contains comments pursuant to para-
graph (2)(H), or (II) 45 days for any other plan.
	“(iii) RESUBMISSION.—If the Secretary disapproves 
the plan, the Secretary shall, for a period of not less 
than 45 days following the date of disapproval, permit 
amendments to, or resubmission of, the plan.
	“(C) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—The approval of an 
allocation plan or updated plan under this subsection may 
not be construed to constitute approval of any request 
for assistance for major reconstruction of obsolete projects, 
assistance for development or acquisition of public housing, 
or assistance under section 811(b)(1) of the Cranston-Gon-
zalez National Affordable Housing Act, that are contained 
in the plan pursuant to subparagraph (H).
	“(5) BIANNUAL UPDATE.—
		“(A) IN GENERAL.—Each public housing agency that 
owns or operates a project (or portion of a project) that 
is designated for occupancy under subsection (a)(1) shall 
update the plan of the agency under this subsection not 
less than once every 2 years, as the Secretary shall provide. 
The Secretary shall notify each public housing agency 
submitting an updated plan under this paragraph of 
approval or disapproval of the updated plan as required 
under paragraph (4)(B), and the provisions of such para-
graph shall apply to updated plans under this paragraph.
		“(B) CONTENTS.—The updated plan shall include—
			“(i) a review of the data and projections contained 
			in the allocation plan and the most recent update
			submitted under this subsection;
			“(ii) an assessment of the accuracy of the projec-
			tions contained in such plan and update;
			“(iii) a statement of the number of times a vacancy 
			was filled pursuant to subsection (a)(4);
			“(iv) a statement of the number of times an applica-
			tion for housing assistance by an eligible applicant 
			was denied or delayed because of a lack of appro-
			priately designated units; and
			“(v) a plan for adjusting the allocation, if necessary, 
			in accordance with the needs identified pursuant to 
			this subparagraph.
		“(C) STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL.—The Secretary shall 
		establish standards for preparation, submission, and 
		approval of updated plans.
“(g) PROHIBITION OF COERCION.—No elderly or disabled family 
residing in any public housing project may be required to accept 
services.”.
	(b) OCCUPANCY PREFERENCES.—The matter preceding clause 
(i) in section 6(c)(4)(A) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 
(42 U.S.C. 1437d(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking “specifically des-
ignated for elderly families” and inserting “designated for occupancy 
pursuant to section 7(a)”.
	(c) DEFINITIONS.—Section 3(c) of the United States Housing 
Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(c)) is amended by inserting after 
“project.” the following new paragraphs:
		“(4) The term ‘congregate housing’ means low-rent housing 
		with which there is connected a central dining facility where whole-