106 STAT. 4022           PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

Assistance Act (as amended by subsection (a) of this section) the Secretary may make grants under the provisions of subtitles C and D of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act, as in effect immediately before the enactment of this Act. Any grants made before such effective date shall be subject to the provisions of such subtitles.

SEC. 1404. SAFE HAVENS FOR HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM.
Title IV of this Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11361 et seq.) is amended by inserting after subtitle C (as added by section 1003(a) of this Act) the following new subtitle:
--------------------------------------
"Subtitle D—Safe Havens for Homeless
      Individuals Demonstration Program
--------------------------------------
42 USC 11391.
"SEC. 431. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEMONSTRATION.
"(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may make grants to applicants to demonstrate the desirability and feasibility of providing very low-cost housing, to be known as safe havens, to homeless persons who, at the time, are unwilling or unable to participate in mental health treatment programs or to receive other supportive services,
‘‘(b) PURPOSES.—The demonstration program carried out under this subtitle shall demonstrate—
"(1) whether and on what basis eligible persons choose to reside in safe havens;
‘‘(2) the extent to which, after a period of residence in a safe haven, residents are willing to participate in mental health treatment programs, substance abuse treatment, or other treatment programs and to move toward a more traditional form of permanent housing and the availability in the community of such permanent housing and treatment programs;
"(3) whether safe havens are cost-effective in comparison with other alternatives for eligible persons; and
"(4) the various ways in which safe havens may be used to provide accommodations and low-demand services and referrals for eligible persons.

42 USC 11392.
"SEC. 432. DEFINITIONS.
"For purposes of this subtitle:
"(1) APPLICANT—The term 'applicant' means a nonprofit corporation, public nonprofit organization, State, or unit of general local government.
 .  
"(2) ELIGIBLE PERSON.—The term 'eligible person' means an individual who—
"(A) Is seriously mentally ill and resides primarily In a public or private place not designed for, or ordinarily used as, a regular sleeping accommodation for human beings, which may include occasional residence in an emergency shelter; and
"(B) is currently unwilling or unable to participate in mental health or substance abuse treatment programs or to receive other supportive services.