PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3729

"(B) the remaining units shall be occupied, or available for occupancy, by low-income families.
“(2) TENANT PROTECTIONS. –
“(A) LEASE. – The lease between a tenant and an owner of residential rental housing assisted under this subtitle shall be for not less than 1 year, unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the tenant and the owner, and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Secretary shall determine to be appropriate.
"(B) TERMINATION OF TENANCY. – An owner shall not terminate the tenancy or refuse to renew the lease of a tenant of residential rental housing assisted under this title except for serious or repeated violation of the terms and conditions of the lease, for violation of applicable Federal, State, or local law, or for other good cause. Any termination or refusal to renew must be preceded by not less than 30 days by the owner's service upon the tenant of a written notice specifying the grounds for the action. "(C) MAINTENANCE AND REPLACEMENT. – The owner of residential rental housing assisted under this subtitle shall maintain the premises in compliance with all applicable housing quality standards and local code requirements.
"(D) TENANT SELECTION. – The owner of residential rental housing assisted under this subtitle shall adopt written tenant selection policies and criteria that –
“(i) are consistent with the purpose of providing housing for very low-income and low-income families and individuals;
"(ii) are reasonably related to program eligibility and the applicant's ability to perform the obligations of the lease;
"(iii) give reasonable consideration to the housing needs of families that would qualify for a preference under section 6(c)(4)(A) of the United States Housing Act of 1937; and
"(iv) provide for (I) the selection of tenants from a written waiting list in the chronological order of their application, to the extent practicable, and (II) for the prompt notification in writing of any rejected applicant of the grounds for any rejection.
"(3) LIMITATION ON RENTAL PAYMENTS. – Tenants in each project shall not be required to pay rent in excess of the amount provided under section 3(a) of the United States Housing Act of 1937.
"(4) TENANT PARTICIPATION PLAN. – For each project owned by a nonprofit organization, the organization shall provide a plan for and follow a program of tenant participation in management decisions.
"(5) PROHIBITION AGAINST DISCRIMINATION. – A unit in a project assisted under this subtitle may not be refused for leasing to a family holding tenant-based assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 because of the status of the prospective tenant as a holder of such assistance.
"(b) TRANSITIONAL HOUSING. – Each transitional housing project receiving assistance under this subtitle shall adhere to the requirements regarding service delivery, housing standards, and rent