PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992         106 STAT. 3761

opportunity units that are small, free-standing, barrier-free, energy-efficient, removable, and designed to be installed adjacent to existing 1- to 4-family dwellings''.
SEC. 219. ELIGIBILITY OF MANUFACTURED HOME OWNERS AS FIRST- TIME HOMEBUYERS.

Section 104(14) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12704(14)) is amended-
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking "and" at the end;
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting "; and"; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
"(C) an individual shall not be excluded from consideration as a first-time homebuyer under this paragraph on the basis that the individual owns or owned, as principal residence during such 3-year period, a dwelling unit whose structure is-
"(i) not permanently affixed to a permanent foundation in accordance with local or other applicable regulations, or
"(ii) not in compliance with State, local, or model building codes, or other applicable codes, and cannot be brought into compliance with such codes for less than the cost of constructing a permanent structure.".
SEC. 220. ELIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE AND CONTENTS OF HOUSING STRATEGIES.
 
(a) HOMELESSNESS INFORMATION.-Section 105(b)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705(b)(2)) is amended-
(1) by inserting " including rural homelessness," after "homelessness" the first place it appears; and
(2) by inserting "including tabular representation of such information," after "with homelessness,".

(b) ANTIDISPLACEMENT PLAN AND ANTILPOVERTY STRATEGY.- Section 105(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705(b)) is amended-
(1) by striking paragraph (14) and inserting the following:
"(14) include a certification that the jurisdiction has in effect and is following a residential antidisplacement and relocation assistance plan that, in any case of any such displacement in connection with any activity assisted with amounts provided under title II, requires the same actions and provides the same rights as required and provided under a residential antidisplacement and relocation assistance plan under section 104(d) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 in the event of displacement in connection with a development project assisted under section 106 or 119 of such Act;";
(2) in paragraph (15), by striking the period at the end and inserting "; and" and

(3) by adding at the end the following:
"(16) for any housing strategy submitted for fiscal year 1994 or any fiscal year thereafter and taking into consideration factors over which the jurisdiction has control, describe the jurisdiction's goals, programs, and policies for reducing the number of households with incomes below the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget and revised annually), and, in consultation with other appropriate