PUBLIC LAW 102-550--OCT. 28, 1992
106 STAT. 3693

(g) RESERVATION OF ANNUAL CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ACTIVITIES UNDER PLAN.-Section 14(p) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437l(p)) is amended-
    (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) (as amended by the preceding provisions of this section) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respectively; and
    (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph:
    "(3)(A) Upon the expiration of the 24-month period beginning upon the receipt of assistance under paragraph (5) by a public housing agency, the Secretary shall, after reviewing the progress made in complying with the plan, reserve from the annual contribution attributable to each unit vacant for the 24-month period an amount determined by the Secretary but not exceeding 80 percent of such contribution. The Secretary may not reserve any amounts under this subparagraph for any vacant dwelling unit that is vacant because of modernization, reconstruction, or lead-based paint reduction activities.
    "(B) The Secretary shall deposit any amounts reserved under subparagraph (A) in a separate account established on behalf of the public housing agency, and such amounts shall be available to the agency only for the purpose of carrying out activities in compliance with the vacancy reduction plan of the agency.
    "(C) If, after the expiration of the 24-month period beginning upon the reservation under subparagraph (A) of amounts for a public housing agency, the Secretary determines that the agency has not made significant progress to comply with the provisions of the vacancy reduction plan of the agency, the amount remaining in the account for the agency established under subparagraph (B) shall be recaptured by the Secretary."
 
(h) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS.-Section 14(p)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437l(p)(2)) is amended-
    (1) in clause (D), by striking "modernization, reconstruction" and inserting "comprehensive modernization, major reconstruction"; and
    (2) in clause (E), by striking "the modernization" and inserting "the comprehensive modernization".

SEC. 116. PUBLIC HOUSING DEMOLITION AND DISPOSITION.

(a) COORDINATION WITH TENANTS.-Section 18(b)(1) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437p(b)(1)) is amended by inserting "of the project or portion of the project covered by the application" after "tenant cooperative".
(b) REPLACEMENT PLAN.-Section 18(b)(3) of the United States Housing Act 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437q(b)(3)) is amended-
    (1) in subparagraph (A)-
        (A) in clause (ii), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: "to the extent available, or if such assistance is not available, in the case of an application proposing demolition or disposition of 200 or more units, the use of available project-based assistance under section 8 having a term of not less than 5 years";
        (B) in clause (iii), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: "to the extent available, or if such assistance is not available, in the case of an application proposing demolition or disposition of 200 or more units, the use of available project-based assistance under