PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                   106 STAT. 3909

(b) MEMBERSHIP.—The task force shall include individuals rep- resenting the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Farmers Home Administration, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association, the Environmental Protection Agency, employee organizations in the building and construction trades industry, landlords, tenants, primary lending institutions, private mortgage insurers, single-family and multifamily real estate interests, nonprofit housing developers, property liability insurers, public housing agencies, low-income advocacy organiza- tions, national. State and local lead-poisioning prevention advocates and experts, and community-based organizations located in areas with substantial rental housing

(c) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The task force shall make recommenda- tions to the Secretary and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency concerning— 

      (1) incorporating the need to finance lead-based paint haz- ard reduction into underwriting standards;
 
      (2) developing new loan products and procedures for financ- ing lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction activities;
  
      (3) adjusting appraisal guidelines to address lead safety;

      (4) incorporating risk assessments or inspections for lead- based paint as a routine procedure in the origination of new residential mortgages;

      (5 revising guidelines, regulations, and educational pam- phlets issued by the Department of Housing and Urban Devel- opment and other Federal agencies relating to lead-based paint poisoning prevention;

      (6) reducing the current uncertainties of liability related to lead-based paint in rental housing by clarifying standards of care for landlords and lenders, and by exploring the "safe   harbor" concept;

      (7) increasing the availability of liability insurance for own- ers of rental housing and certified contractors and establishing alternative systems to compensate victims of lead-based paint poisoning; and

      (8) evaluating the utility and appropriateness of requiring risk assessments or inspections and notification to prospective lessees of rental housing.

(d) COMPENSATION.—The members of the task force shall not receive Federal compensation for their participation.

SEC. 1016. NATIONAL CONSULTATION ON LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARD
                   REDUCTION.

 In carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall consult on an ongoing basis with the Administrator of the Environmental Protec- tion Agency, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control, other Federal agencies concerned with lead poisoning prevention, and the task force established pursuant to section 1015.

SEC. 1017. GUIDELINES FOR LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARD EVALUA-
                   TION AND REDUCTION ACTIVITIES.

Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Secretary of Labor, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services (acting through the Direc- tor of the Centers for Disease Control), shall issue guidelines for the conduct of federally supported work involving risk assessments,
