106 STAT. 4046            PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

    "(C) The extent to which the national bank, Federal
branch, or Federal agency has fully cooperated with law
enforcement authorities with respect to the investigation
of the money laundering offense of which the bank, Federal
branch, or Federal agency was found guilty.
    "(D) The extent to which the national bank, Federal
branch, or Federal agency has implemented and adhered to
internal controls (since the commission of the offense of
which the bank, Federal branch, or Federal agency was
found guilty) to prevent the occurrence of any other money
laundering offense.
    "(E) The extent to which the interest of the local
community in having adequate deposit and credit services
available would be threatened by the forfeiture of the fran-
chise.
    "(3)   Successor Liability.-This subsection shall not apply
to a successor to the interests of, or a person who acquires,
a bank, a Federal branch, or a Federal agency that violated
a provision of law described in paragraph (1), if the successor
succeeds to the interests of the violator, or the acquisition
is made, in good faith and not for purposes of evading this
subsection or regulations prescribed under this subsection.
    "(4)   Definition.-The term 'senior executive officer' has
the same meaning as in regulations prescribed under section
32(f) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act."
    (b) Federal Savings Associations.- Section 5 of the Home
Owners' Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1464) is amended by adding at the
end the following:
    "(w) Forfeiture of Franchise for Money Laundering or
Cash Transaction Reporting Offenses.-
    "(1) In General.-
                "(A) Conviction of Title 18 Offense.-
                    "Duty to Notify.- If a Federal savings associa-
tion has been convicted of any criminal offense under
section 1956 or 1957 of title 18, United States Code,
the Attorney General shall provide to the Director
a written notification of the conviction and shall
include a certified copy of the order of conviction from
the court rendering the decision.
                    "(II) Notice of Termination; Pretermination
                          Hearing.- After receiving written notification from the
Attorney General of such a conviction, the Director
shall issue to the savings association a notice of the
Director's intention to terminate all rights, privileges,
and franchises of the savings association and schedule
a pretermination hearing.
                "(B) Conviction of Title 31 Offenses.- If a Federal
savings association is convicted of any criminal offense
under section 5322 of title 31, United States Code, after
receiving written notification from the Attorney General,
the Director may issue to the savings association a notice
of the Director's intention to terminate all rights, privileges,
and franchises of the savings association and schedule a
pretermination hearing.
                "(C) Judicial Review.-Subsection (d)(1)(B)(vii) shall
apply to any proceeding under this subsection.