106 STAT. 3812             PUBLIC LAW 102-550 --- OCT. 28, 1992

Subtitle B --- Authority for Public Housing Agencies To Provide Designated Public Housing and Assistance for Disabled Families

SEC. 621. DEFINITIONS.

Paragraph 3 of section 3(b) of the United States Housing 
Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)) is amended to read as follows:

"(3) PERSONS AND FAMILIES.---
(A) SINGLE PERSONS.--- The term 'families' includes families consisting of a single person in the case of (i) an elderly person, (ii) a disabled person, (iii) a displaced person, (iv) the remaining member of a tenant family, and (v) any other single persons. In no event may any single person under clause (v) of the first sentence be provided a housing unit assisted under this Act of 2 or more bedrooms. In determining priority for admission to housing under this Act, the Secretary shall give preference to single persons who are elderly, disabled, or displaced persons before single persons who are eligible under clause (v) of the first sentence.

(B) FAMILIES.--- The term 'families' means families with children, in the cases of elderly families, near-elderly families, and disabled families, means families whose heads (or their spouses), or whose sole members, are elderly, near-elderly, or persons with disabilities, respectively. The term includes, in the cases of elderly families, near-elderly families, and disabled families, 2 or more elderly persons, near-elderly persons, or persons with disabilities living together, and 1 or more such persons living with 1 or more persons determined under the regulations of the Secretary to be essential to their care or well-being.

(C) ABSENCE OF CHILDREN.--- The temporary absence of a child from the home due to placement in foster care shall not be considered in determining family composition and family size.

(D) ELDERLY PERSON.--- The term 'elderly person' means
 a person who is at least 62 years of age.

(E) PERSON WITH DISABILITIES.--- The term 'person with disabilities' means a person who---
(i) has a disability as defined in section 223 of the Social Security Act, 
(ii) is determined, pursuant to regulations issued by the Secretary, to have a physical, mental, or emotional impairment which (I) is expected to be of long-continued and indefinite duration, (II) substantially impedes his or her ability to live independently, and (III) is of such a nature that such ability could be improved by more suitable housing conditions, or 
(iii) has a developmental disability as defined in section 102 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and
Bill of Rights Act.

Such term shall not exclude persons who have the disease
of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or any conditions aris-