PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992	106 STAT. 3951
(A) the number of days between the date of request and the commencement of the litigation; and
(B) the number of days between the date of the commencement and termination of the litigation; and
(5) the number of litigation requests pending at the beginning of the calendar year, the number of requests made during the calendar year, the number of requests for which action was completed during the calendar year, and the number of requests pending at the end of the calendar year.
SEC. 1319C. PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF FINAL ORDERS AND AGREEMENTS. 	12 USC 4522.
(a) IN GENERAL.-The Director shall make available to the public-
(1) any written agreement or other written statement for which a violation may be redressed by the Director or any modification to or termination thereof, unless the Director, in the Director's discretion, determines that public disclosure would be contrary to the public interest or determines under subsection (c) that public disclosure would seriously threaten the financial health or security of the enterprise;
(2) any order that is issued with respect to any administrative enforcement proceeding initiated by the Director under subtitle C and that has become final; and
(3) any modification to or termination of any final order made public pursuant to this subsection.
(b) HEARINGS.-All hearings on the record with respect to any action of the Director or notice of charges issued by the Director shall be open to the public, unless the Director, in the Director's discretion, determines that holding an open hearing would be contrary to the public interest.
(c) DELAY OF PUBLIC DISCLOSURE UNDER EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES.-If the Director makes a determination in writing that the public disclosure of any final order pursuant to subsection (a) would seriously threaten the financial health or security of the enterprise, the Director may delay the public disclosure of such order for a reasonable time.
(d) DOCUMENTS FILED UNDER SEAL IN PUBLIC ENFORCEMENT HEARINGS.-The Director may file any document or part thereof under seal in any hearing under subtitle C if the Director determines in writing that disclosure thereof would be contrary to the public interest.
(e) RETENTION OF DOCUMENTS.-The Director shall keep and maintain a record, for not less than 6 years, of all documents described in subsection (a) and all enforcement agreements and other supervisory actions and supporting documents issued with respect to or in connection with any enforcement proceeding initiated by the Director under subtitle C.	Records.
(f) DISCLOSURES TO CONGRESS.-This section may not be construed to authorize the withholding of any information from, or to prohibit the disclosure of any information to, the Congress or any committee or subcommittee thereof.
SEC. 1319D. LIMITATION ON SUBSEQUENT EMPLOYMENT.
Neither the Director nor any former officer or employee of the Office who, while employed by the Office, was compensated at a rate in excess of the lowest rate for a position classified higher than GS-15 of the General Schedule under section 5107	12 USC 4523.