106 STAT. 4034            PUBLIC LAW 102-550--OCT. 28, 1992
                                "PART I--GENERAL REQUIREMENTS";
     42 USC 11408a.            (2) in section 452(a), by striking "and IV" and inserting 
                                   "IV, and V", and
     42 USC 11408c.            (3) in section 454(b)--
                                      (A) in paragraph (1), by striking "or IV" and inserting 
                                            "IV, or V",
                                      (B) in paragraph (8), by striking "or IV" and inserting
                                            "IV, or V",
                                      (C) in paragraph (10)(A), by inserting ", or III" after
                                            "part II"; and
                                      (D) in paragraph (11)--
                                            (i) by striking "part III" and inserting "part V",
                                                 and
                                            (ii) by striking "rehabilitation and".
     SEC. 1407. FHA SINGLE FAMILY PROPERTY DISPOSITION.
          (a) 30-DAY MARKETING PERIOD.--Except as provided in sub-
     section (b), in carrying out the program for disposition of single
     family properties acquired by the Department of Housing and Urban
     Development for use by the homeless under subpart E of part 
     291 of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary of Hous-
     ing and Urban Development may not make any eligible property
     available for lease under such program that has not been listed
     and made generally available for sale by the Secretary for a period
     of at least 30 days.
          (b) EXCEPTION.--With respect to any area for which the Sec-
     retary determines that there will not be a sufficient quantity of 
     decent, safe, and sanitary affordable housing available for use under
     the program referred to in subsection (a) if eligible properties located
     in the area are made generally available for the 30-day period
     under subsection (a), the Secretary shall reserve for disposition 
     under such program not more than 10 percent of the total number
     of eligible properties located in the area and shall not market
     such properties as provided under subsection (a). The Secretary
     shall consult with the unit of general local government for an
     area in determining which properties should be reserved for disposi-
     tion under this subsection.
          (c) STATE AND LOCAL TAXES.--
                (1) REQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE INFORMATION UPON
           REQUEST.--In carrying out the program referred to in subsection
           (a), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall
           provide the information described in paragraph (2) to any lessee
           or applicant under the program who requests such information.
                (2) CONTENT.--The information referred in paragraph (1)
           shall identify and describe any exemptions or reductions relat-
           ing to payment of property taxes under State and local laws
           (for the jurisdictions for which the lessee or applicant requests
           such information) that may be applicable to lessees or 
           applicants, or to properties leased, under such program.          
                (3) EXEMPTION FROM ESCROW REQUIREMENT.--To the extent
           any lessee of a property under the program referred to in
           subsection (a) is provided an exemption from any requirement
           to pay State or local taxes, or a reduction in the amount
           of any such taxes, the Secretary may not require the lessee
           to pay or deposit in any escrow account amounts for the pay-
           ment of such taxes.
