106 STAT. 3870

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

assistance sales and rentals of housing and housing 
advertising;
"(C) carry out special projects, including the develop-
ment of prototypes to respond to new or sophisticated forms 
of discrimination against persons protected under title VIII 
of the Civil Rights Act of 1968;
"(D) provide technical assistance to local fair housing 
organizations, and assist in the formation and development 
of new fair housing organizations; and
"(E) provide funds for the costs and expenses of litiga-
tion, including expert witness fees.
  "(c) FiJNDING OF FAIK HOUSING ORGANIZATIONS.—
    "(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall use funds made 
available under this section to enter into contracts or coopera-
tive agreements with qualified fair housing enforcement 
organizations, other private nonprofit fair housing enforcement 
organizations, and nonprofit groups organizing to build their 
capacity to provide fair housing enforcement, for the purpose 
of supporting the continued development or implementation 
of initiatives which enforce the rights granted under title VIII 
of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, as amended. Contracts or 
cooperative agreements may not provide more than 50 percent 
of the operating budget of the recipient organization for any 
one year.
    "(2) CAPACITY ENHANCEMENT.—The Secretary shall use
funds made available under this section to help establish, orga-
nize, and build the capacity of fair housing enforcement 
organizations, particularly in those areas of the country which 
are currently underserved by fair housing enforcement 
organizations as well as those areas where large concentrations 
of protected classes exist. For purposes of meeting the objectives 
of this paragraph, the Secretary may enter into contracts or 
cooperative agreements with qualified fair housing enforcement 
organizations. The Secretary shall establish annual goals which 
reflect the national need for private fair housing enforcement 
organizations.
  "(d) Education and Outreach.—
    "(1) In general.—The Secretary, through contracts with
one or more qualified fair housing enforcement organizations, 
other fair housing enforcement organizations, and other non-
profit organizations representing groups of persons protected 
under title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, shall establish 
a national education and outreach program. The national pro-
gram shall be designed to provide a centralized, coordinated 
effort for the development and dissemination of fair housing 
media products, including—
      "(A) public service announcements, both audio and 
video;
      "(B) television, radio and print advertisements;
      "(C) posters; and
      "(D) pamphlets and brochures.
The Secretary shall designate a portion of the amounts provided 
in subsection (gX4) for a national program specifically for activi-
ties related to the annual national fair housing month. The 
Secretary shall encourage cooperation with real estate industry 
organizations in the national education and outreach program. 
The Secretary shall also encourage the dissemination of edu-