PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992          106 STAT. 3829

(b) APPLICATION AND SELECTION.—The Secretary shall provide for the form and manner of applications for grants under this section and for selection of applicants to receive such grants.
(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years 1993 and 1994 such sums as may be necessary for grants under this section.
(d) ELIGIBLE PROJECT EXPENSE.—For any federally assisted housing project described in subparagraph (E) or (F) of section 683(2) that does not receive a grant under this section, the cost of employing or otherwise retaining the services of one or more service coordinators under section 661 and not more than 15 percent of the cost of providing services to the residents of the project shall be considered an eligible project expense, but only to the extent that amounts are available from project rent and other income for such costs.

SEC. 677. EXPANDED RESPONSIBILITIES OF SERVICE COORDINATORS IN SECTION 202 HOUSING.

(a) SUPPORTIVE HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY.—Section 202(g) of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q(g)), as amended by section 801 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, is amended—
  (A) in paragraph (2), by striking the last sentence; and
  (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
  “(3) SERVICE COORDINATORS.—Any cost associated with employing or otherwise retaining a service coordinator in housing assisted under this section shall be considered an eligible cost under subsection (c)(2). If a project is receiving congregate housing services assistance under section 802 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, the amount of costs provided under subsection (c)(2) for the project service coordina tor may not exceed the additional amount necessary to cover the costs of providing for the coordination of services for resi dents of the project who are not eligible residents under such section 802. To the extent that amounts are available pursuant to subsection (c)(2) for the costs of carrying out this paragraph within a project, an owner of housing assisted under this section shall provide a service coordinator for the housing to coordinate the provision of services under this subsection within the hous ing.".

(b) OLD SECTION 202 PROJECTS.—
  (1) AVAILABILITY OF SECTION 8 ASSISTANCE.—Subject to the availability of appropriations for contract amendments for the purpose of this paragraph, in determining the amount of assist ance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 to be provided for a project assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as in effect before the effectiveness of the amendments made by section 801 of the Cranston-Gonza lez National Affordable Housing Act, the Secretary shall con sider (and annually adjust for) the costs of—
  (A) employing or otherwise retaining the services of          one or more service coordinators under section 661 of this Act to coordinate the provision of any services within the project for residents of the project who are elderly families and disabled families; and
  (B) expenses for the provision of such services.

12 USC 1701q note.