106 STAT. 3690	PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

(A) by striking "agency setting forth" and inserting the following: "agency, after reviewing the report submitted pursuant to subparagraph (B) and consulting with the agency's assessment team. Such agreement shall set forth"; and

(B) by inserting before the second sentence the following new flush sentence:
"To the extent the Secretary deems appropriate (taking into account an agency's performance under the indicators specified under paragraph (1)), such agreement shall also set forth a plan for enhancing resident involvement in the management of the public housing agency.".

(b) ADDITIONAL STATUTORY REMEDIES.—Section 6(j)(3)(A) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(j)(3)(A)) is amended—
(1) in clause (i), by inserting after "agents" the first place it appears the following: "(which may be selected by existing tenants through administrative procedures established by the Secretary)";
(2) at the end of clause (ii), by striking "and;";
(3) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv);
(4) by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause:
"(iii) solicit competitive proposals from other public housing agencies and private entities with experience in construction management in the eventuality that such agencies or firms may be needed to oversee implementation of assistance made available under section 14 for the housing; and"; and
(5) by adding at the end the following new flush sentence:
"Residents of a public housing agency designated as troubled pursuant to paragraph (2)(A) may petition the Secretary in writing to take 1 or more of the actions referred to in this subparagraph. The Secretary shall respond to such petitions in a timely manner with a written description of the actions, if any, the Secretary plans to take and, where applicable, the reasons why such actions differ from the course proposed by the residents.".

(c) RESOURCES.—Section 6(j)(3) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(j)(3)) is amended—
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph:
"(B) The Secretary may make available to receivers and other entities selected or appointed pursuant to this paragraph such assistance as is necessary to remedy the substantial deterioration of living conditions in individual public housing developments or other related emergencies that endanger the health, safety and welfare of the residents.".

(d) ANNUAL REPORTS.—Section 6(j)(5)(E) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(j)(4)(E)), as so redesignated by subsection (d)(1), is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ", including an accounting of the authorized funds that have been expended to support such actions".

(e) APPLICABILITY.—
(1) ASSESSMENT OF RESIDENT MANAGEMENT CORPORATIONS.—Section 6(j)(1) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(j)(1)) is amended—