106 STAT. 3912         PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

        Subtitle B—Lead Exposure Reduction
Lead-Based Paint Exposure Reduction Act. 

SEC. 1021. CONTRACTOR TRAINING AND CERTIFICATION.
(a) AMENDMENT TO THE TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT.—The Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) is amended by adding after title III the following new title:

    "TITLE IV—LEAD EXPOSURE
                REDUCTION

15 USC 2681
"SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS.
"For the purposes of this title:
    "(1) ABATEMENT.—The term 'abatement' means any set of measures designed to permanently eliminate lead-based paint hazards in accordance with standards established by the Administrator under this title. Such term includes—
        "(A) the removal of lead-based paint and lead-contaminated dust, the permanent containment or encapsulation of lead-based paint, the replacement of lead-painted surfaces or fixtures, and the removal or covering of lead contaminated soil; and
        "(B) all preparation, cleanup, disposal, and postabatement clearance testing activities associated with such measures.
    "(2) ACCESSIBLE SURFACE.—The term 'accessible surface' means an interior or exterior surface painted with lead-based paint that is accessible for a young child to mouth or chew.
    "(3) DETERIORATED PAINT.—The term 'deteriorated paint' means any interior or exterior paint that is peeling, chipping chalking or cracking or any paint located on an interior or exterior surface or fixture that is damaged or deteriorated.
    "(4) EVALUATION.—The term 'evaluation' means risk assessment, inspection, or risk assessment and inspection.
    "(5) FRICTION SURFACE.—The term 'friction surface' means an interior or exterior surface that is subject to abrasion or friction, including certain window, floor, and stair surfaces.
    "(6) IMPACT SURFACE.—The term 'impact surface' means an interior or exterior surface that is subject to damage by repeated impacts, for example, certain parts of door frames.
    "(7) INSPECTION.—The term 'inspection' means (A) a surface-by-surface investigation to determine the presence of lead-based paint, as provided in section 302(c) of the Lead-Based Paint Poisoning Prevention Act, and (B) the provision of a report explaining the results of the investigation.
    "(8) INTERIM CONTROLS.—The term 'interim controls' means a set of measures designed to reduce temporarily human exposure or likely exposure to lead-based paint hazards, including specialized cleaning, repairs, maintenance, painting, temporary containment, ongoing monitoring of lead-based paint hazards or potential hazards, and the establishment and operation of management and resident education programs.
    "(9) LEAD-BASED PAINT.—The term 'lead-based paint' means paint or other surface coatings that contain lead in excess of 1.0 milligrams per centimeter squared or 0.5 percent by weight or (A) in the case of paint or other surface coatings