PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                106 STAT. 3857

communities to be served to assist in identifying local needs and advise on the development and implementation of strategies to address those issues;
  (4) coordinate outreach activities in communities to be served by the Center;
  (5) facilitate public service projects in the communities served by the Center; 
  (6) act as a clearinghouse for the dissemination of information; 
  (7) develop instructional programs, convene conferences, and provide training for local community leaders, when appropriate; and 
  (8) exchange information with other Centers.
(i) NATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL—
  (1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall establish a national advisory council (hereafter in this section referred to as the “council”) to—
    (A) disseminate the results of research and outreach activities carried out under this section;
    (B) act as a clearinghouse between grant recipients and other institutions of higher education; and 
    (C) review and evaluate programs carried out by grant recipients. 
  (2) MEMBERS.—The council shall be composed of 12 members to be appointed by the Secretary as follows—
    (A) 3 representatives of State and local governments; 
    (B) 3 representatives of institutions of higher education that receive grants under this section; 
    (C) 3 individuals or representatives of organizations that possess significant expertise in urban issues; and 
    (D) 3 representatives from community advisory committees created pursuant to this section. 
  (3) VACANCIES—A vacancy in the membership of the council shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. 
  (4) COMPENSATION.—Members of the council shall serve without pay. 
  (5) CHAIRMAN.—The council shall elect a member to serve as chairperson of the council. 
  (6) MEETINGS.—The council shall meet at least biannually and at such other times as the chairman may designate.
(j) NATIONAL CLEARINGHOUSE.—The Secretary shall establish a national clearinghouse to disseminate information resulting from the research and successful outreach activities developed through the Centers to grant recipients and other interested institutions of higher education.
(k) AUTHORIZATIONS.—The sums set aside by section 107 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 for the purpose of this section shall be available—
  (1) to enable Centers to carry out research and outreach activities;
  (2) to establish and operate the national clearinghouse to be established under subsection (j).
(l) REPORTING —
  (1) IN GENERAL —The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit an annual report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and