PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992 		106 STAT. 4037

individuals and families through employment, volunteer services, and otherwise, in providing, operating, and rehabilitating housing assisted under this section and in providing services to occupants of housing assisted under this section and services for occupants of housing assisted under this section. 

"(6) ELIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS.-Organizations eligible to receive a grant under subsection (a) shall include private nonprofit entities, Indian tribes (as such term is defined in section 102(a) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974), and county and local governments. 

"(f) FEDERAL SHARE.- 
"(1) IN GENERAL.-The Federal share of the costs of providing assistance under this section shall be 75 percent. "(2) NON-FEDERAL SHARE.-The non-Federal share of the cost of providing the assistance shall be in cash or in kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, staff services, or services delivered by volunteers. 
"(g) PARTICIPATION OF HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS.-The Secretary shall, by regulation, require each eligible organization receiving a grant under this section to provide for the participation of not less than 1 homeless individual or former homeless individual on the board of directors or other equivalent policy making entity of the recipient, to the extent that such entity considers and makes policies and decisions regarding any housing, services, or other assistance of the eligible organization receiving the grant under this section. The Secretary may grant waivers to recipients unable to meet the requirement under the preceding sentence if the recipient agrees to otherwise consult with homeless or formerly homeless individuals in considering and making such policies and decisions. 
"(h) EVALUATION.- 
"(1) IN GENERAL.-The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the program to-
"(A) determine the effectiveness of the program in providing housing and other assistance to homeless persons in the area served; and 
"(B) determine the types of assistance needed to address homelessness in rural areas. 
"(2) REPORT.-The Secretary shall submit to Congress, not later than 18 months after the date on which the Secretary first makes grants under the program, the evaluation of the program conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations for any Federal administrative or legislative changes that may be necessary to improve the ability of rural communities to prevent and respond to homelessness. 
"(i) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.-The Secretary shall provide technical assistance to eligible organizations in developing programs in accordance with this section, and in gaining access to other Federal resources that may be used to assist homeless persons in rural areas. Such assistance may be provided through regional workshops, and may be provided directly or through grants to, or contracts with, nongovernmental entities. 
"(j) TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE.-If an individual or family who receives assistance under this section violates requirements of the assistance program provided by the organization receiving a grant under this section, the organization may terminate assistance in accordance with a formal process established by the