106 STAT. 3746      PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

   "(E) meets any other initial or continuing requirements
established by the public housing agency in accordance
with requirements established by the Secretary. 

"(2) MONTHLY ASSISTANCE PAYMENT.-
    "(A) IN GENERAL.-Notwithstanding any other provi-
sions of this section governing determination of the amount
of assistance payments under this section on behalf of
a family, the monthly assistance payment for any family
assisted under this subsection shall be the amount by
which the fair market rental for the area established under
subsection (c)(1) exceeds 30 percent of the family's monthly
adjusted income; except that the monthly assistance pay-
ment shall not exceed the amount by which the monthly
homeownership expenses, as determined in accordance with
requirements established by the Secretary, exceeds 10 per-
cent of the family's monthly income.
    "(B) EXCLUSION OF EQUITY FROM INCOME. -For pur-
poses of determining the monthly assistance payment for
a family, the Secretary shall not include in family income
an amount imputed from the equity of the family in a
dwelling occupied by the family with assistance under this
subsection.
    "(3) RECAPTURE OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS.-Upon sale of the
dwelling by the family, the Secretary shall recapture from
any net proceeds the amount of additional assistance (as deter-
mined in accordance with requirements established by the sec-
retary) paid to or on behalf of the eligible family as a result
of paragraph (2)(B).
    "(4) DOWNPAYMENT REQUIREMENT.-Each public housing
agency providing assistance under this subsection shall ensure
that each family assisted shall provide from its own resources
not less than 80 percent of any downpayment in connection
with a loan made for the purchase of a dwelling. Such resources
may include amounts from any escrow account for the family
established under section 23(d). Not more than 20 percent
of the downpayment may be provided from other sources, such
as from nonprofit entities and programs of States and units
of general local government.
    "(5) INELIGIBILITY UNDER OTHER PROGRAMS. -A family may
not receive assistance under this subsection during any period
when assistance is being provided for the family under other
Federal homeownership assistance programs, as determined
by the Secretary, including assistance under the HOME Invest-
ment Partnerships Act, the Homeownership and Opportunity 
Through HOPE Act, title II of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1987, and section 502 of the Housing Act
of 1949.
    "(6) INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS.-Assistance
under this subsection shall not be subject to the requirements 
of the following provisions:
  "(A) Subsection (c)(3)(B) of this section.
  "(B) Subsection (d)(1)(B)(i) of this section.
  "(C) Any other provisions of this section governing 
maximum amounts payable to owners and amounts payable 
by assisted families.
  "(D) Any other provisions of this section concerning 
contracts between public housing agencies and owners.