PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                                                               106 STAT. 3877

of housing with 12 or more units assisted under this section shall be paid wages at rates not less than the rates prevailing in the locality involved for the corresponding classes of laborers and mechanics employed on construction of a similar character, as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with the Act of March 3, 1931 (commonly known as the Davis- Bacon Act).
                      "(B) EXEMPTION.—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any
                            individual who—
                                  "(i) performs services for which the individual volun-
                                   teered;
                                  "(ii)(I) does not receive compensation for such services;

 or
                                          "(II) is paid expenses, reasonable benefits, or a nominal
                                           fee for such services; and
                                  "(iii) is not otherwise employed at any time in the
                                            construction work.".
 (b) SUPPORTIVE HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES.— Section 811(j)(6) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(j)(6)) is amended—
     (1) by striking "64 LABOR STANDARDS.—The Secretary" and inserting the following:
``(6) LABOR STANDARDS —
                   ``(A) IN GENERAL. —The Secretary";
     (2) by striking "assisted under this section and designed for dwelling use by 12 or more persons with disabilities" and inserting "with 12 or more units assisted under this section";
     (3) by inserting "commonly known as" before "the Davis-Bacon Act";
     (4) by striking ", but the Secretary'' and all that follows through "undertaking the construction"; and
      (5) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ''(B) EXEMPTION.—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any individual who—
               ``(i) performs services for which the individual vol-
                              unteered;
                    ``(ii)(I) does not receive compensation for such serv-
                                 ices; or
                                 "(II) is paid expenses, reasonable benefits, or a
                                      nominal fee for such services; and
                         "(iii) is not otherwise employed at any time in
                              the construction work.".

SEC. 914. ENERGY EFFICIENT MORTGAGES.
     (a) DEFINITION OF ENERGY EFFICIENT MORTGAGE. —Section 104 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12704), as amended by section 210(a)(1) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
                ``(25) The term 'energy efficient mortgage' means a mort-
                  gage that provides financing incentives for the purchase of
                  energy efficient homes, or that provides financing incentives
                  to make energy efficiency improvements in existing homes by
                  incorporating the cost of such improvements in the          mortgage.".
     (b) UNIFORM MORTGAGE FINANCING PLAN FOR ENERGY EFFI-
         CIENCY. —Section 946 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12712 note) is amended—