106 STAT. 3776	                                                        PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

with cost-containment requirements established by the Secretary;
   (B) the adequacy of the geographic targeting of resources provided under programs of the Department with respect to covered multifamily housing properties for the elderly, based on information acquired pursuant to section 403(b); and
   (C) local housing markets throughout the United States, with respect to the need, availability, and cost of housing for elderly persons and families, which shall include review of any information and plans relating to housing for elderly persons and families included in comprehensive housing affordability strategies submitted by jurisdictions pursuant to section 105 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act.
  (2) REPORT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit a report to the Congress annually describing the results of the annual comprehensive needs assessments under section 402 for covered multifamily housing properties for the elderly and the annual review conducted under paragraph (1) of this subsection, which shall contain a description of the methods used by project owners and by the Secretary to acquire the information described in section 402(b) and any findings and recommendations of the Secretary pursuant to the review.

           SEC. 406. TROUBLED MULTIFAMILY HOUSING.
  (a) MANDATORY ELEMENTS.—Section 201(d) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978 (12 U S C. 1715z-1a(d)) is amended—
     (1) in paragraph (5), by striking “and”;
     (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and
     (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs:
           “(7) all reasonable attempts have been made to take all appropriate actions and provide suitable housing for project residents;
           “(8) the project has a feasible plan to involve the residents in project decisions;
           “(9) the affirmative fair housing marketing plan meets applicable requirements; and
           “(10) the owner certifies that it will comply with various equal opportunity statutes.”.
   (b) SELECTION CRITERIA.—
     (1) REPEAL OF SECTION 201(k)(4).—Section 201(k)(4) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1a(k)(4)) is repealed.
     (2) NEW CRITERIA.—Section 201 of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
           “(n)(1) The Secretary shall award assistance under this section to eligible projects on the basis of the following selection criteria:
           “(A) The extent to which the project presents an imminent threat to the life, health, and safety of project residents.
           “(B) The extent to which the project is financially troubled.
           “(C) The extent of physical improvements needed by the project as evidenced by the comprehensive needs assessment