PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3801

(B) the Task Force shall maintain the confidentiality of all such information obtained in the manner established for the material by the submitting entity, and such data shall not be subject to release under section 552 of title 5, United States Code;
(C) only aggregate data shall be publicly released by the Task Force unless it receives the explicit permission of the mortgage originator or government-sponsored enterprise from which the information is obtained; and
(D) any officer or employee of the Secretary, the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the Federal Housing Finance Board shall be subject to the penalties under section 1906 of title 18, United States Code, if —
(i) by virtue of employment or official position, the officer or employee has possession of or access to any book, record, or information made available under this subsection and established as confidential under subparagraph (C); and 
(ii) the officer or employee discloses the material in any manner other than to an officer or employee of the same Federal agency employing the officer or employee, or other than pursuant to the exemptions under section 1906. 
(4) AGENCY RESOURCES.—The Task Force may, with the consent of any Federal agency or department represented on the Task Force, utilize the information, services, staff and facilities of such agency or department on a reimbursable basis, to assist the Task Force in carrying out its duties under this section. 
(5) MAILS.—The Task Force may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other Federal agencies. 
(6) CONTRACTING.—The Task Force may, to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts, enter into contracts with private firms, institutions, and individuals for the purpose of discharging its duties under this section. 
(7) STAFF.—The Task Force may appoint and fix the compensation of such personnel as it deems advisable, in accordance with the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments to the competitive service, and the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title, relating to classification of General Schedule pay rates. 
(g) INDEPENDENT EVALUATION.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall be authorized to conduct an independent analysis of the findings and recommendations submitted by the Task Force to the Congress under this section. 
(h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section not to exceed $6,000,000 for fiscal year 1993 and $6,252,000 for fiscal year 1994. Funds appropriated under this subsection shall remain available until expended.

SEC. 544. DEFINITIONS.
For purposes of this subtitle: