106 STAT. 3738        PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

    "(3) ASSISTANCE IN CONNECTION WITH MORTGAGE REVENUE
  BONDS FINANCING.—Interest rate buydowns and downpayment 
  assistance in the manner provided in subsection (e).".
    (d) ELIGIBILITY OF MANUFACTURED HOME OWNERS.—Section
  303(b)(1) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing
  Act (42 U.S.C. 12852(b)(1)) is amended—
      (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking "or" at the end;
      (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the
  end and inserting "; or"; and 
      (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
      "(D) meets the requirements of subparagraph (A), (B),
  or (C), except for owning, as a principal residence, a dwell-
      ing unit whose structure is—
      "(i) not permanently affixed to a permanent
      foundation in accordance with local or other applicable 
      regulations; or
      "(ii) not in compliance with State, local, or model
      building codes, or other applicable codes, and cannot
      be brought into compliance with such codes for less
      than the cost of constructing a permanent structure.''.

    (e) SECOND MORTGAGE ASSISTANCE.—Section 303(a) of the
  Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C.
  12852(a)) is amended by adding after paragraph (3) (as added
  by subsection (c)(3) of this section) the following new paragraphs:
    "(4) SECOND MORTGAGE ASSISTANCE.—Assistance payments
  to provide loans (secured by second mortgages) with deferred
  payment of interest and principal; and
    "(5) CAPITALIZATION OF REVOLVING LOAN FUNDS.—Grants
  to public organizations or agencies to establish revolving loan
  funds to provide homeownership assistance to eligible first-
  time homebuyers consistent with the requirements of this sub-
  title. Such grants shall be matched by an equal amount of
  local investment in such revolving loan funds. Any proceeds
  or repayments from loans made under this paragraph shall
  be returned to the revolving loan fund established under this
  paragraph to be used for purposes related to this section.".

SEC. 183. NEHEMIAH HOUSING OPPORTUNITY GRANTS.
    (a) HOMEOWNER INCENTIVE.—Section 604 of the Housing and
  Community Development Act of 1987 (12 U.S.C. 1715l note) is
  amended—
      (1) in subsection (b)(4), by inserting before the period the
  following: ", subject to the provisions of subsection (c)"; and
      (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
      "(c) HOMEOWNER INCENTIVE.—The nonprofit organization may
  provide that, upon the sale or transfer of a property purchased
  with a loan made under this section, any proceeds remaining after
  repaying the first mortgage shall be distributed in the following
  order:
      "(1) DOWNPAYMENT.—The amount of the downpayment
      made by the seller or transferor upon the purchase of the
      property shall be paid to the seller or transferor.
      "(2) LOAN AND PROFIT.—Any amounts remaining after dis-
      tribution under paragraph (1) shall be shared equally between
      the Secretary and the seller or transferor, but only to the
      extent that the Secretary recovers an amount equal to the
      amount of the loan made under this section. If such remaining