106 STAT. 3858                PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives.
      (2) CONTENTS.-The report under paragraph (1) shall con-
   tain a summary of the activities carried out under this section
   during the preceding fiscal year, and findings and conclusions
   drawn from such activities.

                   SEC. 852. COMPUTERIZED DATABASE OF COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT
                                      NEEDS

42 USC 5304 (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM.-Not later
note. than the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date appropriations for the purposes of this section are made available,
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (hereafter in this section referred to as the "Secretary") shall establish and
implement a demonstration program to determine the feasibility of assisting States and units of general local government to develop
methods, utilizing contemporary computer technology, to-
       (1) monitor, inventory, and maintain current listings of
    the community development needs of the States and units
    of general local government; and
       (2) coordinate strategies within States (especially among
    various units to general local government) for meeting such
    needs.
(b) INTEGRATED DATABASE SYSTEM AND COMPUTER MAPPING
TOOL.-
       (1) DEVELOPMENT AND PURPOSES.-In carrying out the pro-
    gram under this section, the Secretary shall provide for the
    development of an integrated database system and computer
    mapping tool designed to efficiently (A) collect, store, process,
    and retrieve information relating to priority nonhousing
    community development needs within States, and (B) coordi-
    nate strategies for meeting such needs. The integrated database
    system and computer mapping tool shall be designed in a
    manner to coordinate and facilitate the preparation of commu-
    nity development plans under section 104(n)(1) of the Housing
    and Community Development Act of 1974 and to process any
    information necessary for such plans.
       (2) AVAILABILITY TO STATES.-The Secretary shall make
    the integrated database system and computer mapping tool
    developed pursuant to this subsection available to States with-
    out charge.
       (3) COORDINATION WITH EXISTING TECHNOLOGY.-The Sec-
    retary shall, to the extent practicable, utilize existing tech-
    nologies and coordinate such activities with existing data sys-
    tems to prevent duplication.
(c) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.-Under the program under this section, the Secretary shall provide consultation and advice to States
and units of general local government regarding the capabilities and advantages of the integrated database system and computer
mapping tool developed pursuant to subsection (b) and assistance in installing and using the database system and mapping tool.
(d) GRANTS.-
       (1) AUTHORITY AND PURPOSE.-The Secretary shall, to the
    extent amounts are made available under appropriation Acts
    pursuant to subsection (g), make grants to States for capital
    costs relating to installation and use of the integrated database