106 STAT. 3962          PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

      (A) assist primary lenders to make housing credit avail- 
able in areas with concentrations of low-income and minor 
ity families, and 
      (B) assist insured depository institutions to meet their 
obligations under the Community Reinvestment Act of 
1977, 
which shall include developing appropriate and prudent under- 
writing standards, business practices, repurchase requirements, 
pricing, fees, and procedures; and 
      (4) develop the institutional capacity to help finance low- 
and moderate-income housing, including housing for first-time 
home buyers, 

12 USC 4566.        SEC. 1336. MONITORING AND ENFORCING COMPLIANCE WITH HOUS- ING GOALS. 
      (a) IN GENERAL.— 
            (1) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary shall monitor and enforce 
compliance with the housing goals established under sections 
1332, 1333, and 1334, as provided in this section. 
            (2) GUIDELINES.—The Secretary shall establish guidelines 
to measure the extent of compliance with the housing goals, 
which may assign full credit, partial credit, or no credit toward 
achievement of the housing goals to different categories of 
mortgage purchase activities of the enterprises, based on such 
criteria as the Secretary deems appropriate. 
            (3) EXTENT OF COMPLIANCE.—In determining compliance 
with the housing goals established under this subpart, the 
Secretary— 
            (A) shall consider any single mortgage purchased by 
an enterprise as contributing to the achievement of each 
housing goal for which such mortgage purchase qualifies; 
and 
            (B) may take into consideration the number of housing 
units financed by any mortgage on housing purchased by 
an enterprise. 
      (b) NOTICE AND DETERMINATION OF FAILURE TO MEET GOALS.— 
            (1) NOTICE.—If the Secretary determines that an enterprise 
has failed, or that there is a substantial probability that an 
enterprise will fail, to meet any housing goal established under 
section 1332, 1333, or 1334, the Secretary shall provide written 
notice to the enterprise of such a determination, the reasons 
for such determination, the requirement to submit a housing 
plan under subsection (c) of this section, and the information 
on which the Secretary based the determination or imposed 
such requirement. 
            (2) RESPONSE PERIOD.— 
                  (A) IN GENERAL.—During the 30-day period beginning 
on the date that an enterprise is provided notice under 
paragraph (1), the enterprise may submit to the Secretary 
any written information that the enterprise considers 
appropriate for consideration by the Secretary in determin- 
ing whether such failure has occurred or whether the 
achievement of such goal was or is feasible. 
                  (B) EXTENDED PERIOD.—The Secretary may extend the 
period under subparagraph (A) for good cause for not more 
than 30 additional days.