PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992		106 STAT. 3717
the cost of providing such counseling and services, updates on the employment record of families assisted under the program, and any other information the Secretary considers appropriate in evaluating the demonstration.

(2) FINAL.—Not later than September 30, 2004, the Secretary shall submit a final report to the Congress describing the long-term housing, employment, and educational achievements of the families assisted under the demonstration program. Such report shall also contain an assessment of such achievements for a comparable population of section 8 recipients who have not received assistance under the demonstration program.

(e) FUNDING.—The budget authority available under section 5(c) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 for tenant-based assistance under section 8 of such Act is authorized to be increased by $50,000,000, on or after October 1, 1992, and by $52,100,000, on or after October 1, 1993, to carry out the demonstration under this section. Any amounts made available under this paragraph shall be used in connection with the demonstration under this section.

(f) IMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary may, by notice published in the Federal Register, establish any requirements necessary to carry out the demonstration under this section and the amendment made by this section. The Secretary shall publish such notice not later than the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall submit a copy of such notice to the Congress not less than 15 days before publication.

SEC. 153. DIRECTIVE TO FURTHER FAIR HOUSING OBJECTIVES UNDER CERTIFICATE AND VOUCHER PROGRAMS.

Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in consultation with individuals representing fair housing organizations, low-income tenants, public housing agencies, and other interested parties, shall—

(1) review and comment upon the study prepared by the Comptroller General of the United States pursuant to section 558(3) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act;

(2) evaluate the implementation and effects of existing demonstration and judicially mandated programs that help minority families receiving section 8 certificates and vouchers move out of areas with high concentrations of minority persons living in poverty to areas with low concentrations, including how such programs differ from the routine implementation of the section 8 certificate and voucher programs;

(3) independently assess factors (including the adequacy of section 8 fair market rentals, the level of counseling provided by public housing agencies, the existence of racial and ethnic discrimination by landlords) that may impede the geographic dispersion of families receiving section 8 certificates and vouchers;

(4) identify and implement any administrative revisions that would enhance geographic dispersion and tenant choice and incorporate the positive elements of various demonstration and judicially mandated mobility programs; and