106 STAT. 4074          PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
                               (3) receives advice on the manner in which the reporting
                            requirements referred to in subsection (a) should be modified 
                            to enhance the ability of law enforcement agencies to use the
                            information provided for law enforcement purposes.
                              (c) INAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.- 
                            The Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the Bank
                            Secrecy Act Advisory Group established pursuant to subsection
                            (a)
31 USC 5311 SEC. 1565. GAO FEASIBILITY STUDY OF THE FINANCIAL CRIMES 
note.                                 ENFORCEMENT NETWORK.
                               (a) STUDY REQUIRED.-The Comptroller General of the United
                           States shall conduct a feasibility study of the Financial Crimes
                           Enforcement Network (popularly referred to as "Fincen") estab-
                           lished by the Secretary of the Treasury in cooperation with other
                           agencies and departments of the United States and appropriate
                           Federal banking agencies.
                              (b) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS.-In conducting the study required   
                           under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall examine and
                           evaluate-
                                      (1) the extent to which Federal, State, and local government and nongovernmental organizations are voluntarily
                           providing information necessary for the system to
                           be useful for law enforcement purposes;
                                      (2) the extent to which the operational guidelines established for the system provide for the coordinated and efficient
                           entry of information into, and withdrawal of information from,
                           the system;
                                      (3) the extent to which the operating procedures established 
                           for the system provide appropriate standards or guidelines 
                           for determining-
                                     (A) who is to be given access to the information in
                                    the system;
                                    (B) what limits are to be imposed on the use of such
                                    information; and
                                    (C) how information about activities or relationships
                                    which involve or are closely associated with the exercise
                                    of constitutional rights is to be screened out of the system;
                                    and
                                       (4) the extent to which the operating procedures established
                           for the system provide for the prompt verification of the
                           accuracy and completeness of information entered into the sys-
                           tem and the prompt deletion or correction of inaccurate or
                           incomplete information.

                              (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.-Before the end of the 1-year period,
                           beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller
                           General of the United States shall submit a report to the Congress
                           containing the findings and conclusions of the Comptroller General
                           in connection with the study conducted pursuant to subsection
                           (a), together with such recommendations for legislative or adminis-
                           trative action as the Comptroller General may determine to be
                           appropriate.
