106 STAT. 3880 

PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

ments operated by the public and Indian housing agency that is providing the assistance.
“(iii) To Youthbuild programs receiving assistance under subtitle D of title IV of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act.
“(iv) To business concerns that provide economic opportunities for low- and very low-income persons residing within the metropolitan area (or nonmetropolitan county) in which the assistance is provided.
“(2) OTHER PROGRAMS.-
“(A) IN GENERAL.-In providing housing and community development assistance pursuant to other programs, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the greatest extent feasible, and consistent with existing Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, contracts awarded for work to be performed in connection with a housing rehabilitation (including reduction and abatement of lead-based paint hazards), housing construction, or other public construction project are given to business concerns that provide economic opportunities for low- and very low-income persons residing within the metropolitan area (or nonmetropolitan county) in which the assistance is expended.
“(B) PRIORITY.-Where feasible, priority should be given to business concerns which provide economic opportunities for low- and very low-income persons residing within the service area of the project or the neighborhood in which the project is located and to Youthbuild programs receiving assistance under subtitle D of title IV of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act.
(e) DEFINITIONS.-For the purposes of this section the following definitions shall apply:
“(1) LOW- AND VERY LOW-INCOME PERSONS.-The terms ‘low-income persons’ and ‘very low-income persons’ have the same meanings given the terms ‘low-income families’ and ‘very low-income families’, respectively, in section 3(b)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937.
“(2) BUSINESS CONCERN THAT PROVIDES ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES.-The term ‘a business concern that provides economic opportunities’ means a business concern that-
“(A) provides economic opportunities for a class of persons that has a majority controlling interest in the business;
“(B) employs a substantial number of such persons;
or
“(C) meets such other criteria as the Secretary may establish.
(f) COORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES.-The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Commerce, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary determines are necessary to carry out this section.
(g) REGULATIONS.-Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Affordable Housing Act Amendments of 1992, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to implement this section.”.