106 STAT. 3886

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

(b) EQUAL TREATMENT IN BENEFIT PROGRAMS.—Tenants described in subsection (a) shall be treated identically with other households eligible for such assistance, including in the determination of the home energy costs for which they are individually responsible and in the determination of their incomes.

(c) APPLICABILITY.—This section applies to programs under the United States Housing Act of 1937, the National Housing Act, section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965, section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, and title V of the Housing Act of 1949.

SEC. 928. FLOOD CONTROL RESTORATION ZONE.

Section 1307 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
“(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, this subsection shall only apply in a community which has been determined by the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to be in the process of restoring flood protection afforded by a flood protection system that had been previously accredited on a Flood Insurance Rate Map as providing 100-year frequency flood protection but no longer does so. Except as provided in this subsection, in such a community, flood insurance shall be made available to those properties impacted by the disaccreditation of the flood protection system at premium rates that do not exceed those which would be applicable to any property located in an area of special flood hazard, the construction of which was started prior to the effective date of the initial Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Director for the community in which such property is located. A revised Flood Insurance Rate Map shall be prepared for the community to delineate as Zone AR the areas of special flood hazard that result from the disaccreditation of the flood protection system. A community will be considered to be in the process of restoration if—
“(1) the flood protection system has been deemed restorable by a Federal agency in consultation with the local project sponsor;
“(2) a minimum level of flood protection is still provided to the community by the disaccredited system; and
“(3) restoration of the flood protection system is scheduled to occur within a designated time period and in accordance with a progress plan negotiated between the community and the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
Communities that the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency determines to meet the criteria set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) as of January 1, 1992, shall not be subject to revised Flood Insurance Rate Maps that contravene the intent of this subsection. Such communities shall remain eligible for C zone rates for properties located in zone AR for any policy written prior to promulgation of final regulations for this section. Floodplain management criteria for such communities shall not require the elevation of improvements to existing structures and shall not exceed 3 feet above existing grade for new construction, provided the base flood elevation based on the disaccredited flood control system does not exceed five feet above existing grade, or the remaining new construction in such communities is limited to infill sites, rehabilitation of existing structures, or redevelopment of previously developed areas.