PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 4013

(B) by striking the period at the end and inserting

“, and"; and
(6) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
"(7) to the maximum extent practicable, it will involve, 
through employment, volunteer services, or otherwise, homeless 
individuals and families in constructing, renovating, maintain-
ing, and operating facilities assisted under this subtitle, in 
providing services assisted under this subtitle, and in providing 
services for occupants of facilities assisted under this subtitle."
(c) PARTICIPATION OF HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS.—Section 415 of 
the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 
11375) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-
section:
"(d) PARTICIPATION OF HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS.—The Secretary 
shall, by regulation, require each recipient that is not a State 
to provide for the participation of not less than 1 homeless individ-
ual or former homeless individual on the board of directors or
other equivalent policymaking entity of such recipient, to the extent 
that such entity considers and makes policies and decisions regard-
ing any facility, services, or other assistance of the recipient assisted 
under this subtitle. The Secretary may grant waivers to recipients 
unable to meet the requirement under the preceding sentence if 
the recipient agrees to otherwise consult with homeless or formerly 
homeless individuals in considering and making such policies and 
decisions."

(d) TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE.—Section 415 of the Stewart 
B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11375) is amended 
by adding after subsection (d) (as added by subsection (c) of this 
section) the following new subsection:
"(e) TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE.—If an individual or family 
who receives assistance under this subtitle and in recipient violates
program requirements, the recipient may terminate assistance in 
accordance with a formal process established by the recipient that 
recognizes the rights of individuals affected, which may include 
a hearing."

(e) ELIGIBILITY OF STAFF COSTS.—Section 414(a)(3) of the Stew-
art B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11374(a)(3))
is amended—
(1) by striking "(other than staff)"; and
(2) by inserting before the period at the end the following:
", except that not more than 10 percent of the amount of
any grant received under this subtitle may be used for costs 
of staff".

SEC. 1403. SUPPORTIVE HOUSING PROGRAM.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Title IV of the Stewart B. McKinney Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11361 et seq.) is amended by striking 
subtitles C and D and inserting the following new subtitle:

"Subtitle C—Supportive Housing Program

"SEC. 421. PURPOSE.

"The purpose of the program under this subtitle is to promote 
the development of supportive housing and supportive services, 
including innovative approaches to assist homeless persons in the 
transition from homelessness, and to promote the provision of