106 STAT. 3868

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

"(1) the request for consent is made, and the information secured is maintained, in accordance with this section, section 552a of title 5, United States Code; and

"(2) the consent that is requested is appropriately limited, with respect to time and information relevant and necessary to meet the requirements of this section."

(b) FORMS.—

(1) NEW FORM.—Not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall develop a release form that meets the requirements of section 904 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988, as amended by this section. In developing the form, the Secretary shall consult with interested parties, which shall include not less than 2 representatives of public housing agencies, 1 representative of a national tenant organization, 1 representative of a State tenant organization, and 1 representative of a legal group representing tenants.

(2) EFFECT OF OLD FORM.—During the period beginning upon the date of the enactment of this Act and ending upon implementation of the use of the form developed under paragraph (1), the benefits provided to an applicant or participant under any program of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, or eligibility for such benefits, may not be terminated, denied, suspended, or reduced because of any failure to sign any form authorizing the release of information from any third party (including Form HUD-9886), if the applicant or participant otherwise discloses all financial information relating to the application or recertification.

SEC. 904. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF BUILDING SCIENCES.

(a) TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO HOUSING AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 1974.—Section 809 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 1701j-2) is amended—

(1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and

(2) by inserting after subsection (g) the material inserted by the amendment made by section 952(b)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (Public Law 101-625; 104 Stat. 4418).

(b) TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO NATIONAL HOUSING ACT.—Section 809 of the National Housing Act is amended by striking subsection (h) (as added by section 952(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act).

SEC. 905. FAIR HOUSING INITIATIVES PROGRAM.

(a) FINDINGS.—The Congress finds that—

(1) in the past half decade, there have been major legislative and administrative changes in Federal fair housing and fair lending laws and substantial improvements in the Nation's understanding of discrimination in the housing markets;

(2) in response to evidence of continuing housing discrimination, the Congress passed the Fair Housing Act Amendments of 1988, to provide for more effective enforcement of fair housing rights through judicial and administrative avenues and to expand the number of protected classes covered under Federal fair housing laws;