PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
                               106 STAT. 3969
(1) to administer oaths and affirmations;
(2) to take and preserve testimony under oath;
(3) to issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum; and
(4) to revoke, quash, or modify subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum issued by the Secretary.
(b) WITNESSES AND DOCUMENTS,—The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this section may be required from any place in any State at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted.
(c) ENFORCEMENT.—The Secretary may request the Attorney General of the United States to bring an action in the United States district court for the judicial district in which such proceeding is being conducted, or where the witness resides or conducts business, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for enforcement of any subpoena or subpoena duces tecum issued pursuant to this section. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith.
(d) FEES AND EXPENSES.—Witnesses subpoenaed under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this section by an enterprise may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorneys fees as the court deems just and proper. Such expenses and fees shall be paid by the enterprise or from its assets.

SEC. 1349. REGULATIONS.
     The Secretary shall issue any final regulations necessary to implement the provisions of this part (not including the provisions of sections 1332(d), 1333(d), and 1334(d), relating to transition housing goals) not later than the expiration of the 18-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. Such regulations shall be issued after notice and opportunity for public comment pursuant to the provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code.

                                                     12 USC 4589.

                                 PART 3—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

SEC. 1351. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE,
(a) DIRECTOR AT LEVEL II OF EXECUTIVE SCHEDULE.—Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end the following new item:
     “Director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, Department of Housing and Urban Development.”

(b) EXCLUSION FROM SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE.—Section 3132(a)(1)(D) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting “the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development,” after “Farm Credit Administration.”

SEC. 1352. PROHIBITION OF MERGER OF OFFICE.

Section 5 of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3534) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
     “(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary may not merge or consolidate the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight of the Department, or any of the functions