PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

                                                 106 STAT. 3915

    (B) lead-based paint activities contractors certified in
accordance with paragraph (1).
The fees shall be established at such level as is necessary
to cover the costs of administering and enforcing the stand^
ards and regulations under this section which are applicable to
such programs and contractors. The fee shall not be imposed
on any State, local government, or nonprofit training program.
The Administrator (or the State in the case of an authorized
State program) may waive the fee for lead-based paint activity
contractors under subparagraph (A) for the purpose of training
their own employees.
    (b) Lead-Based Paint Activities.—For purposes of this title,
the term 'lead-based paint activities' means —
    (1) in the case of target housing, risk assessment, inspec-
tion, and abatement; and
    (2) in the case of any public building constructed before
1978, commercial building, bridge, or other structure or super-
structure, identification of lead-based paint and materials
containing lead-based paint, deleading, removal of lead from
bridges, and demolition.
For purposes of paragraph (2), the term 'deleading' means activities
conducted by a person who offers to eliminate lead-based paint
or lead-based paint hazards or to plan such activities.
    (c) Renovation and Remodeling. —
    (1) Guidelines.—In order to reduce the risk of exposure
to lead in connection with renovation and remodeling of target
housing, public buildings constructed before 1978, and commer-
cial buildings, the Administrator shall, within 18 months after
the enactment of this section, promulgate guidelines for the
conduct of such renovation and remodeling activities which
may create a risk of exposure to dangerous levels of lead.
The Administrator shall disseminate such guidelines to persons
engaged in such renovation and remodeling through hardware
and paint stores, employee organizations, trade groups. State
and local agencies, and through other appropriate means.
    (2) Study of Certification. —The Administrator shall
conduct a study of the extent to which persons engaged in
various types of renovation and remodeling activities in target
housing, public buildings constructed before 1978, and commer-
cial buildings are exposed to lead in the conduct of such activi-
ties or disturb lead and create a lead-based paint hazard on
a regular or occasional basis. The Administrator shall complete
such study and publish the results thereof within 30 months
after the enactment of this section.
    (3) Certification Determination. —Within 4 years after
the enactment of this section, the Administrator shall revise
the regulations under subsection (a) to apply the regulations
to renovation or remodeling activities in target housing, public
buildings constructed before 1978, and commercial buildings
that create lead-based paint hazards. In determining which
contractors are engaged in such activities, the Administrator
shall utilize the results of the study under paragraph (2) and
consult with the representatives of labor organizations, lead-
based paint activities contractors, persons engaged in remodel-
ing and renovation, experts in lead health effects, and others.
If the Administrator determines that any category of contractors
engaged in renovation or remodeling does not require certifi-
                                                                        Regulations.