PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

106 STAT. 3921

"SEC. 407. REGULATIONS.

"The regulations of the Administrator under this title shall include such recordkeeping and reporting requirements as may be necessary to insure the effective implementation of this title. The regulations may be amended from time to time as necessary.

"SEC. 408. CONTROL OF LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARDS AT FEDERAL FACILITIES.

"Each department, agency, and instrumentality of executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the Federal Government (1) having jurisdiction over any property or facility, or (2) engaged in any activity resulting, or which may result, in a lead-based paint hazard, and each officer, agent, or employee thereof, shall be subject to, and comply with, all Federal, State, interstate, and local requirements, both substantive and procedural (including any requirement for certification, licensing, recordkeeping, or reporting or any provisions for injunctive relief and such sanctions as may be imposed by a court to enforce such relief) respecting lead-based paint, lead-based paint activities, and lead-based paint hazards in the same manner, and to the same extent as any nongovern- ment entity is subject to such requirements, including the pay- ment of reasonable service charges. The Federal, State, interstate, and local substantive and procedural requirements referred to in this subsection include, but are not limited to, all administrative orders and all civil and administrative penalties and fines regard- less of whether such penalties or fines are punitive or coercive in nature, or whether imposed for isolated, intermittent or continu- ing violations. The United States hereby expressly waives any immunity otherwise applicable to the United States with respect to any such substantive or procedural requirement (including, but not limited to, any injunctive relief, administrative order, or civil or administrative penalty or fine referred to in the preceding sen- tence, or reasonable service charge). The reasonable service charges referred to in this section include, but are not limited to, fees or charges assessed for certiation and licensing, as well as any other nondiscriminatory charges that are assessed in connection with a Federal, State, interstate, or local lead-based paint, lead- based paint activities, or lead-based paint hazard activities program. No agent, employee, or officer of the United States shall be person- ally liable for any civil penalty under any Federal, State, interstate, or local law relating to lead-based paint, lead-based paint activities, or lead-based paint hazards with respect to any act or omission within the scope of his official duties.

"SEC. 409. PROHIBITED ACTS.

"It shall be unlawful for any person to fail or refuse to comply with a provision of this title or with any rule or order issued under this title.

"SEC. 410. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL LAW.

"Nothing in this title shall affect the authority of other appro priate Federal agencies to establish or enforce any requirements which are at least as stringent as those established pursuant to this title.