PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3903

(f) FORMS OF ASSISTANCE.—The applicant may provide the services described in this section through a variety of programs, including grants, loans, equity investments, revolving loan funds, loan funds, loan guarantees, interest write-downs, and other forms of assistance approved by the Secretary.

(g) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND CAPACITY BUILDING.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall develop the capacity of eligible applicants to carry out the requirements of section 105(b)(16) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act and to carry out activities under this section. In fiscal years 1993 and 1994, the Secretary may make grants of up to $200,000 for the purpose of establishing State training, certification or accreditation programs that meet the requirements of section 402 of the Toxic Substances Control Act, as added by section 1021 of this act.

(2) SET-ASIDE.—Of the total amount approved in appropriation Acts under subsection (o), there shall be set aside to carry out this subsection $3,000,000 for fiscal year 1993 and $3,000,000 for fiscal year 1994.

(h) MATCHING REQUIREMENT.—Each recipient of a grant under this section shall make contributions toward the cost of activities that receive assistance under this section in an amount not less than 10 percent of the total grant amount under this section.

(i) PROHIBITION OF SUBSTITUTION OF FUNDS.—Grants under this subtitle may not be used to replace other amounts made available or designated by State or local governments for use for the purposes under this subtitle.

(j) LIMITATION ON USE.—An applicant shall ensure that not more than 10 percent of the grant will be used for administrative expenses associated with the activities funded.

(k) FINANCIAL RECORDS.—An applicant shall maintain and provide the Secretary with financial records sufficient, in the determination of the Secretary, to ensure proper accounting and disbursing or amounts received from a grant under this section.

(l) REPORT.—An applicant under this section shall submit to the Secretary, for any fiscal year in which the applicant expends grant funds under this section, a report that—

(1) describes the use of the amounts received;
(2) states the number of risk assessments and the number of inspections conducted in residential dwellings;
(3) states the number of residential dwellings in which lead-based paint hazards have been reduced through interim controls,
(4) states the number of residential dwellings in which lead-based paint hazards have been abated; and
(5) provides any other information that the Secretary determines to be appropriate.

(m) NOTICE OF FUNDING AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary shall publish a Notice of Funding Availability pursuant to this section not later than 120 days after funds are appropriated for this section.

(n) RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW.—Effective 2 years after the date of promulgation of regulations under section 402 of the Toxic Substances Control Act, no grants for lead-based paint hazard evaluation or reduction may be awarded to a State under this section unless such State has an authorized program under section 404 of the Toxic Substances Control Act.