PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992               106 STAT. 4017

"(B) is permanent housing for homeless persons with disabilities; or
"(C) is, or is part of, a particularly innovative project for, or alternative methods of, meeting the immediate and long-term needs of homeless individuals and families.
"(b) TRANSITIONAL HOUSING.-For purposes of this section, the term 'transitional housing' means housing, the purpose of which is to facilitate the movement of homeless individuals and families to permanent housing within 24 months or such longer period as the Secretary determines necessary. The Secretary may deny assistance for housing based on a violation of this subsection only if the Secretary determines that a substantial number of homeless individuals or families have remained in the housing longer than such period.

"(c) PERMANENT HOUSING FOR HOMELESS PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES.-For purposes of this section, the term 'permanent housing for homeless persons with disabilities' means community-based housing for homeless persons with disabilities that provides long-term housing and supportive services for not more than-
"(1) 8 such persons in a single structure or contiguous structures;
"(2) 16 such persons, but only if not more than 20 percent of the units in a structure are designated for such persons; or
"(3) more than 16 persons if the applicant demonstrates that local market conditions dictate the development of a large project and such development will achieve the neighborhood integration objectives of the program within the context of the affected community.
"(d) SINGLE ROOM OCCUPANCY DWELLINGS.-A project may provide supportive housing or supportive services in dwelling units that do not contain bathrooms or kitchen facilities and are appropriate for use as supportive housing or in projects containing some or all such dwelling units.

"SEC. 425. SUPPORTIVE SERVICES.
"(a) IN GENERAL.-To the extent practicable, each project shall provide supportive services for residents of the project and homeless persons using the project, which may be designed by the recipient or participants.
"(b) REQUIREMENTS.-Supportive services provided in connection with a project shall address the special needs of individuals (such as homeless persons with disabilities and homeless families with children) intended to be served by a project.
"(c) SERVICES.-Supportive services may include such activities as (A) establishing and operating a child care services program for homeless families, (B) establishing and operating an employment assistance program, (C) providing outpatient health services, food, and case management, (D) providing assistance in obtaining permanent housing, employment counseling, and nutritional counseling, (E) providing security arrangements necessary for the protection of residents of supportive housing and for homeless persons using the housing or the project, (F) providing assistance in obtaining other Federal, State, and local assistance available for such residents (including mental health benefits, employment counseling, and medical assistance, but not including major medical equipment), and (G) providing other appropriate services.