106 STAT. 4044		PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28. 1992

(1) in paragraph (3), by striking "and" at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs:
"(5) guidelines requiring each private nonprofit organization and local government carrying out a local emergency food and shelter program with amounts provided under this subtitle, to the maximum extent practicable, to involve homeless individuals and families, through employment, volunteer services, or otherwise, in providing emergency food and shelter and in otherwise carrying out the local program and;
"(6) guidelines requiring each private nonprofit organization and local government carrying out a local emergency food and shelter program with amounts provided under this subtitle to provide for the participation of not less than 1 homeless individual or former homeless individual on the board of directors or other equivalent policy making entity of the organization or governmental agency to the extent that such entity considers and makes policies and decisions regarding the local program of the organization or locality; except that such guidelines may grant waivers to applicants unable to meet such requirement if the organization or government agrees to otherwise consult with homeless or formerly homeless individuals in considering and making such policies and decisions.". 

TITLE XV-ANNUNZIO-WYLIE ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING ACT 

SEC. 1500. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the "Annunzio-Wylie Anti-Money Laundering Act". 

Subtitle A-Termination of Charters, Insurance, and Offices 

SEC. 1501. AUTHORITY TO APPOINT CONSERVATOR FOR DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS CONVICTED OF MONEY LAUNDERING. 
(a) INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.-Section 11(c)(5) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1821(c)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
"(M) MONEY LAUNDERING OFFENSE.-The Attorney General notifies the appropriate Federal banking agency or the Corporation in writing that the insured depository institution has been found guilty of a criminal offense under section 1956 or 1957 of title 18, United States Code, or section 5322 of title 31, United States Code.". 
(b) INSURED CREDIT UNIONS.-Section 206(h)(1) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1786(h)(1)) is amended-
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph:
"(C) the Attorney General notifies the Board in writing that an insured credit union has been found guilty of