PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28. 1992 106 STAT. 3979

prise may not make any other capital distribution unless 
the Director approves the distribution. 
(B) STANDARD FOR APPROVAL.—The Director may 
approve a capital distribution by an enterprise classified 
as significantly undercapitalized only if the Director deter- 
mines that the distribution (i) will emhance the ability 
of the enterprise to meet the risk-based capital level and 
the minimum capital level for the enterprise promptly, 
(ii) will contribute to the long-term financial safety and 
soundness of the enterprise, or (iii) is otherwise in the 
public interest. 
(b) DISCRETIONARY SUPERVISORY ACTIONS.—In addition to any 
other actions taken by the Director (including actions under sub- 
section (a)), the Director may, at any time, take any of the following 
actions with respect to an enterprise that is classified as signifi- 
cantly undercapitalized: 
(1) LIMITATION ON INCREASE IN OBLIGATIONS.—Limit any 
increase in, or order the reduction of, any obligations of the 
enterprise, including off-balance sheet obligations. 
(2) LIMITATION ON GROWTH.—Limit or prohibit the growth 
of the assets of the enterprise or require contraction of the 
assets of the enterprise. 
(3) ACQUISITION OF NEW CAPITAL.—Require the enterprise 
to acquire new capital in a form and amount determined by 
the Director. 
(4) RESTRICTION OF ACTIVITIES.—R^uire the enterprise to 
terminate, reduce, or modify any activity that the Director 
determines creates excessive risk to the enterprise. 
(5) RECLASSIFICATION FROM SIGNIFICANTLY TO CRITICALLY 
UNDERCAPITALIZED.—The Director may reclassify as critically 
undercapitalized an enterprise that is classified as significantly 
undercapitalized (and the enterprise shall be subject to the 
provisions of section 1367) if— 
(A) the enterprise does not submit a capital restoration 
plan that is substantially in compliance with section 1369C 
within the applicable period or the Director does not 
approve the capital restoration plan submitted by the enter- 
prise; or 
(B) the Director determines that the enterprise has 
failed to make, in good faith, reasonable efforts necessary 
to comply with the capital restoration plan and fulfill the 
schedule for the plan approved by the Director. 
(6) CONSERVATORSHIP.—^Appoint a conservator for the 
enterprise in accordance with the provisions of section 1369 
(excluding subsection (a) (1) and (2)), but only if the Director 
determines— 
(A) that the amount of core capital of the enterprise 
is less than the minimum capital level established for 
the enterprise under section 1362; and 
(B) that alternative remedies available to the Director 
under this title are not satisfactory. 
(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect upon the 
first classification of the enterprises within capital classifications 
that occurs under section 1364.