PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

106 STAT. 4035

SEC. 1408. RURAL HOMELESSNESS GRANT PROGRAM.
Title IV of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11361 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle:
"Subtitle G-Rural Homeless Housing Assistance
"SEC. 491. RURAL HOMELESSNESS GRANT PROGRAM.
"(a) ESTABLISHMENT.-The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall establish and carry out a rural homelessness grant program. In carrying out the program, the Secretary may award grants to eligible organizations in order to pay for the Federal share of the cost of-
"(1) assisting programs providing direct emergency assistance to homeless individuals and families;
"(2) providing homelessness prevention assistance to individuals and families at risk of becoming homeless; and
"(3) assisting individuals and families in obtaining access to permanent housing and supportive services.
"(b) USE OF FUNDS.-
"(1) IN GENERAL.-An eligible organization may use a grant awarded under subsection (a) to provide, in rural areas-
"(A) rent, mortgage, or utility assistance after 2 months of nonpayment in order to prevent eviction, foreclosure, or loss of utility service;
"(B) security deposits, rent for the first month of residence at a new location, and relocation assistance;
"(C) short-term emergency lodging in motels or shelters, either directly or through vouchers;
"(D) transitional housing;
"(E) rehabilitation and repairs such as insulation, window repair, door repair, roof repair, and repairs that are necessary to make premises habitable;
"(F) development of comprehensive and coordinated support services that use and supplement, as needed, community networks of services, including-
"(i) outreach services to reach eligible recipients;
"(ii) case management;
"(iii) housing counseling;
"(iv) budgeting;
"(v) job training and placement;
"(vi) primary health care;
"(vii) mental health services;
"(viii) substance abuse treatment;
"(ix) child care;
"(x) transportation;
"(xi) emergency food and clothing;
"(xii) family violence services;
"(xiii) education services;
"(xiv) moving services;
"(xv) entitlement assistance; and
"(xvi) referrals to veterans services and legal services; and