PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3701

“(iii) is in a location for recurrent vandalism and criminal activity (including drug-related criminal activity); and
“(iv) cannot remedy the elements of distress specified in clauses (i) through (iii) through assistance under other programs, such as the programs under section 9 or 14, or through other administrative means; or
“(B) that—
“(i) is owned by a public housing agency designated as troubled pursuant to section 6(j)(2);
“(ii) has a vacancy rate, as determined by the Secretary, of 50 percent or more, unless the project or building is vacant because it is awaiting rehabilitation under a modernization program under section 14 that—
“(I) has been approved and funded; and
“(II) as determined by the Secretary, is on schedule and is expected to result in full occupancy of the project or building upon completion of the program; and
“(iii) in the case of individual buildings, the building is, in the Secretary’s determination, sufficiently separable from the remainder of the project to make use of the building feasible for purposes of this subtitle.
“(i) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Secretary shall submit to the Congress an annual report setting forth—
“(1) the number, type, and cost of public housing units revitalized pursuant to this section;
“(2) the status of projects identified as severely distressed public housing pursuant to subsection (b);
“(3) the amount and type of financial assistance provided under and in conjunction with this section; and
“(4) the recommendations of the Secretary for statutory and regulatory improvements to the program established by this section.”.

SEC. 121. CHOICE IN PUBLIC HOUSING MANAGEMENT.

(a) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section is to encourage choice in management of distressed public housing projects by residents and increased resident management of public housing projects, as a means of improving living conditions in public housing projects, by providing for resident councils and resident management corporations to transfer the management of distressed projects to alternative managers. 42 USC 1437w note.

(b) AMENDMENT TO 1937 ACT.—Title I of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 24 (as added by section 120 of this Act) the following new section: SEC. 25. CHOICE IN PUBLIC HOUSING MANAGEMENT.

“(a) SHORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘Choice in Public Housing Management Act of 1992’.
(b) FUNDING.—
(1) REHABILITATION AND REDEVELOPMENT GRANTS.—From amounts reserved under section 14(k)(2) for each of fiscal years 1993 and 1994, the Secretary may reserve not more than $50,000,000 in each such fiscal year for activities under this section (which may include funding operating reserves for