PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                  106 STAT. 4071

"(B) which is not otherwise in commercial use or in the public domain and which the Secretary designates as being necessary in preventing the counterfeiting of obligations or other securities of the United States.".
   (b) CHAPTER ANALYSIS.—The chapter analysis for chapter 25 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item for section 474 the following:
"474A. Deterrents to counterfeiting of obligations and securities.".

SEC. 1554. REPRODUCTIONS OF CURRENCY.
Section 504 of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
   (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking the comma at the end thereof and inserting a period;
   (2) in paragraph (1)—
      (A) by striking "for philatelic" from the text following subparagraph (D) and all that follows through "albums)."; and 
      (B) by adding at the end the foUowing new sentence: "The Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations to permit color illustrations of such currency of the United States as the Secretary determines may be appropriate for such purposes.".
   (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3) and inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph:
      "(2) The provisions of this section shall not permit the production of illustrations of obligations or other securities, by or through electronic methods used for the acquisition, recording, retrieval, transmission, or reproduction of any obligation or other security, unless such use is authorized by the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary shall establish a system to ensure that the legitimate use of such electronic methods and retention of such reproductions by businesses, hobbyists, press or others shall not be unduly restricted."; and
   (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection, by striking "but not for advertising purposes except philatelic advertising,".

Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions
SEC. 1561. CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 5321(a)(6) of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
   "(6) NEGLIGENCE.—
      "(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Treasury may impose a civil money penalty of not more than $500 on any financial institution which negligently violates any provision of this subchapter or any regulation prescribed under this subchapter.
      "(B) PATTERN OF NEGLIGENT ACTIVITY.—If any financial institution engages in a pattern of negligent violations of any provision of this subchapter or any regulation prescribed under this subchapter, the Secretary of the Treasury may, in addition to any penalty imposed under subparagraph (A) with respect to any such violation, impose a civil money penalty of not more than $50,000 on the financial institution.".