106 STAT. 3994                 PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

12 USC 4641.

SEC. 1379B. SUBPOENA AUTHORITY.

(a) IN GENERAL.—In the course of or in connection with any administrative proceeding under this subtitle, the Director shall have the authority—
(1) to administer oaths and affirmations;
(2) to take and preserve testimony under oath;
(3) to issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum; and
(4) to revoke, quash, or modify subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum issued by the Director.
(b) WITNESSES AND DOCUMENTS.—The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this section may be required from any place in any State at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted.
(c) ENFORCEMENT.—The Director may request the Attorney General of the United States to bring an action in the United States district court for the judicial district in which such proceeding is being conducted, or where the witness resides or conducts business, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for enforcement of any subpoena or subpoena duces tecum issued pursuant to this section or may, under the direction and control of the Attorney General, bring such an action. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith.
(d) FEES AND EXPENSES.—Witnesses subpoenaed under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this section by an enterprise may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorneys fees as the court deems just and proper. Such expenses and fees shall be paid by the enterprise or from its assets.

Subtitle D—Amendments to Charter Acts
of Enterprises

SEC. 1381. AMENDMENTS TO FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE
ASSOCIATION CHARTER ACT.
(a) PURPOSES.—Section 301 of the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1716) is amended—
(1) by striking “home” each place it appears and inserting “residential”;
(2) in paragraph (3)—
(A) by striking the parentheses and all the matter contained therein and inserting the following: “(including activities relating to mortgages on housing for low- and moderate-income families involving a reasonable economic return that may be less than the return earned on other activities)”; and
(B) by striking “and” at the end;
(3) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5);
(4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph:
“(4) promote access to mortgage credit throughout the Nation (including central cities, rural areas, and underserved areas) by increasing the liquidity of mortgage investments and