PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                               106 STAT. 3917

(f) STATE AND LOCAL CERTIFICATION.—The regulations under 
this title shall, to the extent appropriate, encourage States to seek 
program authorization and to use existing State and local certifi­
cation and accreditation procedures, except that a State or local 
government shall not require more than 1 certification under this 
section for any lead-based paint activities contractor to carry out 
lead-based paint activities in the State or political subdivision 
thereof.
(g) GRANTS TO STATES.—The Administrator is authorized to 
make grants to States to develop and carry out authorized State 
programs under this section. The grants shall be subject to such 
terms and conditions as the Administrator may establish to further 
the purposes of this title.
(h) ENFORCEMENT BY ADMINISTRATOR.—If a State does not 
have a State program authorized under this section and in effect 
by the date which is 2 years after promulgation of the regulations 
under section 402 or 406, the Administrator shall, by such date, 
establish a Federal program for section 402 or 406 (as the case 
may be) for such State and administer and enforce such program 
in such State.

SEC. 405. LEAD ABATEMENT AND MEASUREMENT.                             15 USC 2685.
(a) PROGRAM TO PROMOTE LEAD EXPOSURE ABATEMENT.—The 
Administrator, in cooperation with other appropriate Federal 
departments and agencies, shall conduct a comprehensive program 
to promote safe, effective, and affordable monitoring, detection, 
and abatement of lead-based paint and other lead exposure hazards.
(b) STANDARDS FOR ENVIRONMENTAL SAMPLING LABORA­
TORIES.—(1) The Administrator shall establish protocols, criteria, 
and minimum performance standards for laboratory analysis of 
lead in paint films, soil, and dust. Within 2 years after the enact­
ment of this title, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec­
retary of Health and Human Services, shall establish a program 
to certify laboratories as qualified to test substances for lead content 
unless the Administrator determines, by the date specified in this 
paragraph, that effective voluntary accreditation programs are in 
place and operating on a nationwide basis at the time of such 
determination. To be certified under such program, a laboratory 
shall, at a minimum, demonstrate an ability to test substances 
accurately for lead content.
(2) Not later than 24 months after the date of the enactment 
of this section, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall 
publish and make available to the public a list of certified or 
accredited environmental sampling laboratories.
(3) If the Administrator determines under paragraph (1) that 
effective voluntary accreditation programs are in place for environ­
mental sampling laboratories, the Administrator shall review the 
performance and effectiveness of such programs within 3 years 
after such determination. If, upon such review, the Administrator 
determines that the voluntary accreditation programs are not effec­
tive in assuring the quality and consistency of laboratory analyses, 
the Administrator shall, not more than 12 months thereafter, estab­
lish a certification program that meets the requirements of para­
graph (1).
(c) EXPOSURE STUDIES.—(1) The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services (hereafter in this subsection referred to as the 
'Secretary'), acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease