PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 
106 STAT. 3745 

(1) The term "family" means 1 or more persons maintaining a household, as the Secretary shall by regulation provide.
(2) The term "Guarantee Fund" means the Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Fund established under subsection (i).
(3) The term "Indian" means person recognized as being Indian or Alaska Native by an Indian tribe, the Federal Government, or any State.
(4) The term "Indian area" means the area within which an Indian housing authority is authorized to provide housing.
(5) The term "Indian housing authority" means any entity that—
(A) is authorized to engage in or assist in the development or operation of low-income housing for Indians; and
(B) is established—
(i) by exercise of the power of self-government of an Indian tribe independent of State law; or
(ii) by operation of State law providing specifically for housing authorities for Indians, including regional housing authorities in the State of Alaska.
(6) The term "Secretary" means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
(7) The term "standard housing" means a dwelling unit or housing that complies with the requirements established under subsection (j).
(8) The term "tribe" means any tribe, band, pueblo, group, community, or nation of Indians or Alaska Natives.
(9) The term "trust land" means land title to which is held by the United States for the benefit of an Indian or Indian tribe or title to which is held by an Indian tribe subject to a restriction against alienation imposed by the United States.

SEC. 185. ASSISTANCE UNDER SECTION 8 FOR HOMEOWNERSHIP.

(a) AUTHORITY.—Section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
“(y) HOMEOWNERSHIP OPTION.—
‘‘(1) USE OF ASSISTANCE FOR HOMEOWNERSHIP.—A family receiving tenant-based assistance under this section may receive assistance for occupancy of a dwelling owned by one or more members of the family if the family—
‘‘(A) is a first-time homeowner;
‘‘(B)(i) participates in the family self-sufficiency program under section 23 of the public housing agency providing the assistance; or
‘‘(ii) demonstrates that the family has income from employment or other sources (other than public assistance), as determined in accordance with requirements of the Secretary, that is not less than twice the payment standard established by the public housing agency (or such other amount as may be established by the Secretary);
‘‘(C) except as provided by the Secretary, demonstrates at the time the family initially receives tenant-based assistance under this subsection that one or more adult members of the family have achieved employment for the period as the Secretary shall require;
‘‘(D) participates in a homeownership and housing counseling program provided by the agency; and