PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

        "(C) that has an accounting system, or has designated

        a fiscal agent in accordance with requirements established

        by the Secretary; and

        "(D) that practices nondiscrimination in the provision

        of assistance.".

        EMPLOYMENT OF HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS.—Section 441 (c)

        of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C.

        11401(c)) is amended—

        (1) in paragraph (3), by striking "and" at the end;

        (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end
        and inserting "and.";

        (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new para­
        graph:
        
        "(5) assurances satisfactory to the Secretary that the

        applicant, to the maximum extent practicable, will involve

        homeless individuals and families, through employment, volun-
        teer services, or otherwise, in rehabilitating and operating facili-
        ties assisted under this section and in providing services for

        occupants of such facilities.".

        PARTICIPATION OF HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS AND TERMINATION

        OF ASSISTANCE.—Section 441 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless

        Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11401) is amended by adding after sub­-
        section (g) the following new subsections:

        "PARTICIPATION OF HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS.—The Secretary

        shall, by regulation, require each approved applicant receiving

        assistance under this section that is not a public housing agency

        or Indian housing authority to provide for the participation of

        not less than one homeless individual or former homeless individual

        on the board of directors or other equivalent policymaking entity

        of such applicant, to the extent that such entity considers and

        makes policies and decisions regarding the rehabilitation of any

        housing with assistance under this section. The Secretary may

        grant waivers to approved applicants unable to meet the require-

        ments under the preceding sentence if the applicant agrees to

        otherwise consult with homeless or formerly homeless individuals

        in considering and making such policies and decisions.

        "TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE.—If an individual or family

        who receives assistance under this section violates program require-

        ments, the recipient of amounts made available under this section

        may terminate assistance in accordance with a formal process estab-

        lished by the recipient that recognizes the rights of individuals

        receiving such assistance to due process of law.". 
        
        REPORT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development

        shall submit a report to the Congress, not later than the expiration

        of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment

        of this Act, describing the extent to which amounts appropriated

        to provide assistance under section 441 of the Stewart B. McKinney

        Homeless Assistance Act since the enactment of such section have
        
        been obligated and expended.
        
        SEC. 1406. SHELTER PLUS CARE PROGRAM.

        AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Section 459 of the

        Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11403h)

        is amended—
        
        (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following
        
        new subsection:
        
106 STAT. 4029