PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 4027

"(10) to provide for the participation of not less than 1 homeless individual or former homeless individual on the board of directors or other equivalent policymaking entity of such recipient (in accordance with regulations that the Secretary shall issue), to the extent that such entity considers and makes policies and decisions regarding any facility or services assisted under this subtitle, or to otherwise provide for the consultation and participation of such an individual in considering and making such policies and decisions; and
"(11) to comply with such other terms and conditions as the Secretary may establish for purposes of carrying out the program established under this subtitle in an effective and efficient manner.
The Secretary may waive the applicability of the requirement under paragraph (10) for an applicant that is unable to meet such requirement, if the applicant agrees to otherwise consult with homeless or formerly homeless individuals in considering and making such policies and decisions.

"SEC. 435. OCCUPANCY CHARGE.

"Each eligible person who resides in a facility assisted under this subtitle shall pay an occupancy charge in an amount determined by the recipient, but not to exceed the amount determined under section 3(a) of the United States Housing Act of 1937. The occupancy charge may be phased in or reduced based on the type of living accommodations provided. The recipient may waive occupancy charges for limited periods of time for residents unwilling or unable to pay them. Occupancy charges paid may be reserved to assist residents in moving to a more traditional form of permanent housing.

"SEC. 436. TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE.

"If an eligible person who resides in a safe haven or who receives low-demand services or referrals endangers the safety, welfare, or health of other residents, or repeatedly violates a condition of occupancy contained in the rules for the safe haven (as set forth in the application submitted under this subtitle), the recipient may terminate such residency or assistance in accordance with a formal process established by the rules for the safe haven, which may include a hearing.

"SEC. 437. EVALUATION AND REPORT.

"The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the safe haven demonstration program under this subtitle and shall submit a report to the Congress, not later than December 31, 1994, which shall set forth the findings of the Secretary as a result of the evaluation.

"SEC. 438. REGULATIONS.

"(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, by notice published in the Federal Register, establish such requirements as may be necessary to carry out the amendments made by this subtitle.
"(b) CONSULTATION.—In establishing requirements to carry out the provisions of this subtitle, and in considering applications under this subtitle, the Secretary shall consult with officials of the appropriate agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services and with representative provider and public interest groups.
"(c) ELIGIBILITY FOR SSI AND MEDICAID.—