106 STAT. 3940		PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

amount based on the ratio of the population of such State lto the population of all States.
	(2) LOCAL GRANTS.—Of the total amount appropriated for each fiscal year to carry out this section, the Secretary shall use one-third of such amount to provide grants on a competitive basis to units of general local government based on the proposed uses of such amounts, as provided in the application. Each grant made with such amounts shall be in an amount not less than $10,000.
	(g) COORDINATION WITH CLEARINGHOUSE.—Each State and unit of general local government receiving a grant under this section, shall consult, coordinate, and exchange information with the clearinghouse established under section 1205.
	(h) REPORTS TO SECRETARY.—Each State and unit of general local government receiving a grant under this section shall submit a report to the Secretary, not less than 12 months after receiving the grant, describing any activities carried out with the grant amounts. The report shall contain an assessment of the impact of any regulatory barriers identified by the grantee on the housing patterns of minorities.
	  (i) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—The first sentence of section 106(d)(1) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306(d)(1)) is amended by striking "for grants" and all that follows through "(2))" and inserting that remains after allocations pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a)". 42 USC 12705d.
SEC. 1205. REGULATORY BARRIERS CLEARINGHOUSE.
	(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall establish a clearinghouse to receive, collect, process, and assemble information regarding—
		(1) State and local laws, regulations, and policies affecting the development, maintenance, improvement, availability, or cost of affordable housing, including tax policies affecting land and other property, land use controls, zoning ordinances, building codes, fees and charges, growth limits, and policies that affect the return on investment in residential property;
		(2) State and local activities, strategies, and plans to	 remove or ameliorate the negative effects, if any, of such laws, regulations, and policies; and
		(3) State and local strategies, activities and plans that promote affordable housing and housing desegregation.
	(b) FUNCTIONS.—The clearinghouse established under subsection (a) shall—
		(1) respond to inquiries from State and local governments, other organizations, and individuals requesting information regarding State and local laws, regulations, policies, activities, strategies, and plans described in subsection (a); and
		(2) provide assistance in identifying, examining, and understanding such laws, regulations, policies, activities, strategies, and plans.
SEC. 1206. SUBSTANTIALLY EQUIVALENT FEDERAL AND STATE BARRIER ASSESSMENT REMOVAL REQUIREMENTS.
Section 105(b)(4) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705(b)(4)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: "; except that, if a State requires a unit of general local government to submit a regulatory barrier assessment that is substantially equivalent to the informa-