"(d) PROVISION OF SERVICES.—Services provided pursuant to this section may be provided directly by the recipient or by contract with other public or private service providers. Such services may be provided to homeless individuals who do not reside in supportive housing.
"(e) COORDINATION WITH SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES.—
"(1) APPROVAL.—Promptly upon receipt of any application for assistance under this subtitle that includes the provision of outpatient health services, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall consult with the Secretary of Health and Human Services with respect to the proposed outpatient health services. If, within 45 days of such consultation, the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that the proposal for delivery of the outpatient health services does not meet guidelines for determining the appropriateness of such proposed services, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may require resubmission of the application, and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may not approve such portion of the application unless and until such portion has been resubmitted in a form that the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines meets such guidelines.
"(2) GUIDELINES.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall jointly establish guidelines for determining the appropriateness of proposed outpatient health services under this section. Such guidelines shall include any provisions necessary to enable the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to meet the time limits under this subtitle for the final selection of applications for assistance.
42 USC 11386.
"SEC. 428. PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.
"(a) APPLICATIONS.—
"(1) FORM AND PROCEDURE.—Applications for assistance under this subtitle shall be submitted by applicants in the form and in accordance with the procedures established by the Secretary. The Secretary may not give preference or priority to any application on the basis that the application was submitted by any particular type of applicant entity.
"(2) CONTENTS.—The Secretary shall require that applications contain at a minimum—
"(A) a description of the proposed project, including the activities to be undertaken;
"(B) a description of the size and characteristics of the population that would occupy the supportive housing assisted under this subtitle;
"(C) a description of the public and private resources that are expected to be made available for the project;
"(D) in the case of projects assisted under section 423(a)(1) or (2), assurances satisfactory to the Secretary that the project will be operated for not less than 20 years for the purpose specified in the application;
"(E) in the case of projects assisted under this title that do not receive assistance under such sections, annual assurances during the period specified in the application