106 STAT. 3716                          PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

42 USC 1437f note. Regulations.

42 USC 1437f note. Contracts.

Contracts.

SEC. 151. IMPLEMENTATION OF INCOME ELIGIBILITY PROVISIONS FOR SECTION 8 NEW CONSTRUCTION UNITS.
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue any final regulations necessary to carry out the provisions of section 555 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The regulations shall be issued after notice and opportunity for public comment pursuant to the provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code (notwithstanding subsections (a)(2), (b)(B), and (d)(3) of such section) and shall take effect upon the expiration of the 30-day period beginning upon issuance.

SEC. 152. MOVING TO OPPORTUNITY FOR FAIR HOUSING.
(a) AUTHORITY.—Using any amounts available under subsection (e), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall carry out a demonstration program to provide tenant-based assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 to assist very low-income families with children who reside in public housing or housing receiving project-based assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 to move out of areas with high concentrations of persons living in poverty to areas with low concentrations of such persons. The demonstration program carried out under this section shall compare and contrast the costs associated with implementing such a program (including the costs of counseling, supportive services, housing assistance payments and other relevant program elements) with the costs associated with the routine implementation of the section 8 tenant-based rental assistance programs. The Secretary shall enter into annual contributions contracts with public housing agencies to administer housing assistance payments contracts under the demonstration.

(b) ELIGIBLE CITIES.— 
  (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall carry out the demonstration only in cities with populations exceeding 350,000 that are located in consolidated metropolitan statistical areas (as designated by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget) having populations exceeding 1,500,000.
  (2) 1993.— Notwithstanding paragraph (1), in fiscal year 1993, only the 5 cities selected for the demonstration under the item relating to "HOUSING PROGRAMS—ANNUAL CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ASSISTED HOUSING (INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)" of title II of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1992 (105 Stat. 745), and the City of Los Angeles, California, shall be eligible for the demonstration under this section.
 
(c) SERVICES.—The Secretary shall enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to provide counseling and services in connection with the demonstration.
(d) REPORTS.—
  (1) BIENNIAL.—Not later than the expiration of the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act (and biennially thereafter), the Secretary shall submit interim reports to the Congress evaluating the effectiveness of the demonstration program under this section. The interim reports shall include a statement of the number of persons served, the level of counseling and the types of services provided,