106 STAT. 4010            PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

           (2) The relationship between the capital standards for the Federal Home Loan Bank System and the capital standards under this title for the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.

           (3) The relationship between the capital standards for federally insured depository institutions and the capital standards under this title for the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.

           (4) The advantages and disadvantages of expanding credit products and services for member institutions of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, including a determination of the feasibility of Federal Home Loan Banks (A) purchasing housing-related assets from member institutions, (B) providing credit enhancements and other products to members in addition to making advances, and (C) making direct loans for housing construction.

           (5) The advantages and disadvantages of expanding eligible collateral for advances to member institutions of the Federal Home Loan Bank System by removing the limits on the amount of housing-related assets that member institutions can use to collateralize advances.

           (6) The advantages and disadvantages of further measures to expand the role of the Federal Home Loan Bank System as a support mechanism for community-based lenders and to reinforce the overall role of the System in housing finance.

           (7) The advantages and disadvantages of measures to increase membership in, and increase the profitability of, the System by modifying—

                    (A) restrictions on membership and stock purchases of nonqualified thrift lenders;

                    (B) the overall advance limit imposed on the Federal Home Loan Bank System to nonqualified thrift lenders; and

                    (C) the membership requirement for qualified thrift lenders.

          (8) The competitive effect of the mortgage activities of the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation on the home mortgage activities of federally insured depository institutions and the cost of such activities to such institutions, the Savings Association Insurance Fund, and the Resolution Trust Corporation.

          (9) The likelihood that the Federal Home Loan Banks will be able to continue to pay the amounts required under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989.

          (10) The extent to which a reduction in the number of Federal Home Loan Banks would reduce noninterest costs of the System.

          (11) The impact that a reduction in the number of Federal Home Loan Banks would have on the effectiveness of affordable housing programs and community support programs under the Federal Home Loan Bank System.

          (12) The impact that a reduction in the number of Federal Home Loan Banks would have on the availability of affordable housing in rural areas and the ability of small rural financial institutions to provide housing financing.