106 STAT. 4038

PUBLIC LAW 102-550 - OCT. 28, 1992

organization that recognizes the rights of individuals receiving such assistance to due process of law, which may include a hearing.

"(k) DEFINITIONS. -
"For purposes of this section:

"(1) PROGRAM. - The term 'program' means the rural homelessness grant program established under this section.

"(2) RURAL AREA; RURAL COMMUNITY. - The terms 'rural area' and 'rural community' mean -

"(A) any area or community, respectively, no part of which is within an area designated as a standard metropolitan statistical area by the Office of Management and Budget; or

"(B) any area or community, respectively, that is -

"(i) within an area designated as a metropolitan statistical area or considered as part of a metropolitan statistical area; and

"(ii) located in a rural census tract.

"(3) SECRETARY. - The term 'Secretary' means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.

"(l) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. -

"(1) IN GENERAL. - There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $30,000,000 for fiscal year 1993 and $31,260,000 for fiscal year 1994.

"(2) AVAILABILITY. - Any amount paid to a grant recipient for a fiscal year that remains unobligated at the end of the year shall remain available to the recipient for the purposes for which the payment was made for the next fiscal year. The Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary to recovery any amount not obligated by the recipient at the end of the second fiscal year, and shall redistribute the amount to another eligible organization.".

42 USC 11361 note.

SEC. 1409. EVALUATION OF PROGRAMS.

(a) IN GENERAL. - The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall conduct a comprehensive review and evaluation of the effectiveness of each program under title IV of Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act. In conducting the review, the Secretary shall examine procedures of the Department in carrying out such programs, the procedures of recipients of assistance under such programs in carrying out such programs, and the effects and benefits of such programs; shall survey homeless individuals and families assisted under each program in various jurisdictions receiving assistance under each program; shall determine whether such programs are fulfilling the purposes for which they were established; and shall evaluate the usefulness and effectiveness of such programs.

(b) REPORT. - Not later than the expiration of the 2-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress describing the results of the review and evaluation conducted under subsection (a).

42 USC 11361 note.

42 USC 11361 et seq.

SEC. 1410. EXTENSION OF ORIGINAL MCKINNEY ACT HOUSING PROGRAMS.

The Cranston - Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act is amended by striking sections 821 and 823 (42 U.S.C. 11361 note). The amendment made by such section 821 of such Act shall not take effect.