PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992        106 STAT. 3885

the major programs of the Department of Housing and Urban Development in order to measure progress towards meeting the objectives of national housing policy.
	(2) FORM OF GOALS.—The performance goals referred to in paragraph (1) shall be expressed in terms sufficient to measure progress.
	(3) REPORT.—The Secretary shall include in the Secretary's annual report to the Congress a description of the progress made in attaining the performance goals for each program, citing the results achieved in each program for the previous year.
	(4) FAILURE TO MEET GOALS.—If a performance standard or goal has not been met, the description under paragraph (3) shall include an explanation of why the goal was not met, propose plans for achieving the performance goal, and recommend any legislative or regulatory changes necessary for achievement of the goal.
(b) PERFORMANCE GOALS FOR THE FARMERS HOME ADMINISTRATION.—

	(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Agriculture may establish performance goals for the major housing programs of the Farmers Home Administration in order to measure progress towards meeting the objectives of national housing policy.
	(2) FORM OF GOALS.—The performance goals referred to in paragraph (1) shall be expressed in terms sufficient to measure progress.
	(3) REPORT.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall prepare a report to the Congress on the progress made in attaining the performance goals for each program, citing the actual results achieved in such program for the previous year.
	(4) FAILURE TO MEET GOALS.—If a performance standard or goal has not been met, the report under paragraph (3) shall include an explanation of why the goal was not met, propose plans for achieving the performance goal, and recommend any legislative or regulatory changes necessary for achievement of the goal.

SEC. 926. REGULATION OF CONSULTANTS. 

Section 13(f)(1) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3537b(f)(1)) is amended by striking "authority", "State", and "local government", and by adding immediately before the period at the end the following: ", but does not include a State or local government, or the officer or employee of a State or local government or housing finance agency thereof who is engaged in the official business of the State or local government".

SEC. 927. CLARIFICATION ON UTILITY ALLOWANCES.

(a) ELIGIBILITY.—Tenants who—
	(1) are responsible for making out-of-pocket payments for utility bills; and
	(2) receive energy assistance through utility allowances that include energy costs under programs identified in subsection (c);
shall not have their eligibility or benefits under other programs designed to assist low-income people with increases in energy costs since 1978 (including but not limited to the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program) reduced or eliminated.