106 STAT. 3712

42 USC 1437f note.

seeks prosecution of a family or where an agency seeks prosecution of an owner; or 
(B) through administrative repayment agreements with a family or owner entered into as a result of an administrative grievance procedure conducted by an impartial decisionmaker in accordance with section 6(k) of the United States Housing Act of 1937."

(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.-Subsection (a) shall apply with respect to actions by public housing agencies initiated on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 130. PROJECT-BASED ACCOUNTING.
Section 502(c)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 1437d note is amended by inserting before the period the following: "for public housing agencies with 500 or more units and not later than January 1, 1994 for public housing agencies with less than 500 units.

SEC. 131. SALE OF CERTAIN SCATTERED-SITE HOUSING.
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall authorize the Delaware State Housing Authority in the State of Delaware to sell scattered-site public housing of the Authority under the provisions of section 5(h) of the United States Housing Act of 1937. Any proceeds from the disposition of such housing shall be used to purchase replacement scattered-site dwellings, which shall be considered public housing for the purposes of such Act and for which the Secretary shall provide annual contributions for operation, using amounts made available under section 9(c) of such Act.

SEC. 132. HOMEOWNERSHIP DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM IN OMAHA, NEBRASKA. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.-The Secretary shall carry out a program to facilitate self-sufficiency and homeownership of single-family homes administered by the Housing Authority of the city of Omaha, in the State of Nebraska (in this section referred to as the "Housing Authority"), to demonstrate the effectiveness of promoting homeownership and providing support services.
(b) PARTICIPATING PUBLIC HOUSING UNITS.-For purposes of the demonstration program, the Secretary shall authorize the Housing Authority to designate single-family housing units for eventual homeownership. Over the term of the demonstration, the demonstration program may be applied to not more than 20 percent of the total number of public housing units administered by the Housing Authority. In conducting the demonstration, the Housing Authority shall affirmatively further fair housing objectives.
(c) NONDISPLACEMENT.-No person who is a tenant of public housing may be involuntarily relocated or displaced as a result of the demonstration program.
(d) ECONOMIC SELF-SUFFICIENCY.-
(1) ESTABLISHMENT OF PARTICIPATION CRITERIA.-The Housing Authority shall establish criteria for the participation of families in the demonstration program. Such criteria shall be based on factors that may reasonably be expected to predict a family’s ability to succeed in the homeownership program established by this section.
(2) CONTENTS OF PARTICIPATION CRITERIA.-The criteria referred to in paragraph (1) shall include evidence of interest