PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
                   106 STAT. 3927

(4) describes the results of research carried out in accordance with subtitle D; and 
(5) estimates the amount of Federal assistance annually expended on lead hazard evaluation and reduction activities. 
(b) BIENNIAL REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and at the end of every 24-month period thereafter, the Secretary shall report to the Congress on the progress of the Department of Housing and Urban Development in implementing expanded lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction activities.
(2) CONTENTS.—The report shall—
(A) assess the effectiveness of section 1018 in making the public aware of lead-based paint hazards; 
(B) estimate the extent to which lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction activities are being conducted in the various categories of housing;
(C) monitor and report expenditures for lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction for programs within the jurisdiction of the Department of Housing and Urban Development;
(D) identify the infrastructure needed to eliminate lead-based paint hazards in all housing as expeditiously as possible, including cost-effective technology, standards and regulations, trained and certified contractors, certified laboratories, liability insurance, private financing techniques, and appropriate Government subsidies;
(E) assess the extent to which the infrastructure described in subparagraph (D) exists, make recommendations to correct shortcomings, and provide estimates of the costs of measures needed to build an adequate infrastructure; and
(F) include any additional information that the Secretary deems appropriate.

TITLE XI—NEW TOWNS DEMONSTRA- 
TION PROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RE-
LIEF OF LOS ANGELES
                 California.
                 42 USC 5318
                 note.
SEC. 1101. AUTHORITY.

To provide for the revitalization and renewal of inner city neighborhoods in the areas of Los Angeles, California, that were damaged by the civil disturbances during April and May of 1992, and to demonstrate the effectiveness of new town developments in revitalizing and restoring depressed and underprivileged inner city neighborhoods, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall, to the extent or in such amounts as are provided in appropriation Acts, make any assistance authorized under this title available under this title to units of general local government, governing boards, and eligible mortgagors in accordance with the provisions of this title.

SEC. 1102. NEW TOWN PLAN.

(a) REQUIREMENT.—The Secretary may make assistance available under this title only in connection with, and according to