106 STAT. 3936

PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

and providing activities and services for high risk youth (as such term is defined in section 509A of the Public Health Service Act), and assistance to privately owned buildings and improvements.
(4) PROVISION OF PUBLIC SERVICES AND HOUSING.-
(A) PUBLIC SERVICES.-The provision of public services within the new town demonstration area that are concerned with job training and retraining, health care and education, crime prevention, drug abuse treatment and rehabilitation, child care, education, and recreation, which may include the provision of public health and public safety vehicles.
(B) HOUSING ACTIVITIES.-The acquisition and rehabilitation of housing for low- and moderate-income families within the new town demonstration area, except that any grantee that uses amounts received under this section for housing activities under this subparagraph shall make not less than 15 percent of the amount used for such housing activities available only for community housing development organizations and nonprofit organizations (as such terms are defined in section 104 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act) for such activities;
(C) LIMITATION.-Not more than 25 percent of the amount of any assistance provided under this section (including program income) to any unit of general local government may be used for activities under this paragraph.
(5) RELOCATION ASSISTANCE.-Relocation payments and assistance for individuals, families, business, and organizations that are displaced as a result of activities assisted under this title.
(6) PAYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.-Payment of reasonable administrative costs associated with activities assisted under this section and any expenses of developing the new town plan under section 1102.
(f) ALLOCATION OF ASSISTANCE.-The Secretary may not provide more than 50 percent of any amounts appropriated under this section in connection with any one of the 2 new town demonstration programs carried out under this title.
(g) OTHER REQUIREMENTS.-The provisions of subsections (f), (g), and (h) of section 104, subsections (c) and (d) of section 105, section 107, 108, 109, and 110 of the bill, H.R. 4073, 102d Congress (as reported on March 14, 1992, by the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives), shall apply to grantees receiving assistance under this section.
(h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years 1993 and 1994 such sums as may be necessary for assistance under this section.

SEC. 1107. GOVERNING BOARDS.

(a) PURPOSE.-For purposes of this title, a governing board shall be a board organized for the purpose of developing a new town plan under this title and carrying out a new town demonstration under this title.
(b) MEMBERSHIP.-Each governing board shall consist of not less than 10 members, who shall include-