PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

106 STAT. 3689

"(3) in the case of an application proposing demolition or disposition of any portion of a public housing project, assisted at any time under section 5(j)(2)--
"(A) such assistance has not been provided for the portion of the project to be demolished or disposed of within the 10-year period ending upon submission of the application; or
"(B) the property's retention is not in the best interest of the tenants or the public housing agency because of extraordinary changes in the area surrounding the project or other extraordinary circumstances of the project."
(c) REGULATIONS.--The Secretary shall issue regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section as provided under section 191 of this Act.

SEC. 112. PUBLIC HOUSING TENANT PREFERENCES.
Section 6(c)(4)(A)(i) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(c)(4)(A)(i)) is amended by striking "70 percent" and inserting "50 percent".

SEC. 113. REFORM OF PUBLIC HOUSING MANAGEMENT.
(a) INDEPENDENT MANAGEMENT ASSESSMENT.--Section 6(j)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(j)(2)) is amended--
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C);
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph:
"(B)(i) Upon designating a public housing agency as troubled pursuant to subparagraph (A) and determining that an assessment under this subparagraph will not duplicate any review conducted under section 14(p), the Secretary shall provide for an on-site, independent assessment of the management of the agency.
"(ii) To the extent the Secretary deems appropriate (taking into account an agency's performance under the indicators specified under paragraph (1)), the assessment team shall also consider issues relating to the agency's resident population and physical inventory, including the extent to which (I) the agency's comprehensive plan prepared pursuant to section 14 adequately and appropriately addresses the rehabilitation needs of the agency's inventory, (II) residents of the agency are involved in and informed of significant management decisions, and (III) any projects in the agency's inventory are severely distressed and eligible for assistance pursuant to section 24.
"(iii) An independent assessment under this subparagraph shall be carried out by a team of knowledgeable individuals selected by the Secretary (referred to in this section as the 'assessment team') with expertise in public housing and real estate management. In conducting an assessment, the assessment team shall consult with the residents and with public and private entities in the jurisdiction in which the public housing is located. The assessment team shall provide to the Secretary and the public housing agency a written report, which shall contain, at a minimum, recommendations for such management improvements as are necessary to eliminate or substantially remedy existing deficiencies."; and
(3) in subparagraph (C), as so redesignated by paragraph (1)--