PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992      106 STAT. 3725

’’(E) a certification that the applicant will comply with 
the requirements of the Fair Housing Act, title VI of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and 
will affirmatively further fair housing.
‘’(d) SELECTION CRITERIA.—The Secretary shall, by regulation, Regulations, establish selection criteria for a national competition for assistance under this section, which shall include—
‘’(1) the qualifications or potential capabilities of the applicant; 
‘’(2) the potential of the applicant for developing a successful and affordable Youthbuild program; 
‘’(3) the need for the prospective program, as determined by the degree of economic distress—
‘’(A) of the community from which participants would be recruited (such as poverty, youth unemployment, and number of individuals who have dropped out of high school);
and 
‘’(B) of the community in which the housing proposed to be constructed or rehabilitated would be located (such as incidence of homelessness, shortage of affordable housing, and poverty); and 
‘’(4) such other factors that the Secretary shall require that (in the determination of the Secretary) are appropriate for purposes of carrying out the program established by this subtitle in an effective and efficient manner.
‘’SEC. 454. IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS.
‘’(a) GRANTS.—The Secretary is authorized to make implemeta- 42 USC 12899c. 
tion grants to applicants for the purpose of carrying out Youthbuild programs approved under this subtitle. 
‘’(b) ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.—Implementation grants may be used to carry out Youthbuild programs, including the following activities: 
‘’(1) Architectural and engineering work. 
‘’(2) Acquisition, rehabilitation, acquisition and rehabiliation, or construction of housing and related facilities to be used for the purposes of providing homeownership under sub- title B and subtitle C of this title, residential housing for homeless individuals, and low- and very low-income families, or transitional housing for persons who are homeless, have disabilities, are ill, are deinstitutionalized, or have other special needs.
‘’(3) Administrative costs of the applicant, which may not exceed 15 percent of the amount of assistance provided under this section, or such higher percentage as the Secretary determines is necessary to support capacity development by a private nonprofit organization. 
‘’(4) Education and job training services and activities including— 
‘’(A) work experience and skills training, coordinated, to the maximum extent feasible, with preapprenticeship and apprenticeship programs, in the construction and rehabilitation activities described in subsection (b)(2); 
‘’(B) services and activities designed to meet the educational needs of participants, including—
‘’(i) basic skills instruction and remedial education;