PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
106 STAT. 3901

and in which each such unit is used or occupied, or intended to be used or occupied, in whole or in part, as the home or residence of 1 or more persons. 
(24) RESIDENTIAL REAL PROPERTY.—The term "residential real property" means real property on which there is situated 1 or more residential dwellings used or occupied, or intended to be used or occupied, in whole or in part, as the home or residence of 1 or more persons. 
(25) RISK ASSESSMENT.—The term "risk assessment" means an on-site investigation to determine and report the existence, nature, severity and location of lead-based paint hazards in residential dwellings, including— 
(A) information gathering regarding the age and history of the housing and occupancy by children under age 6; 
(B) visual inspection; 
(C) limited wipe sampling or other environmental sampling techniques; 
(D) other activity as may be appropriate; and 
(E) provision of a report explaining the results of the investigation.
(26) SECRETARY.—The term "Secretary" means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
(27) TARGET HOUSING.—The term "target housing" means any housing constructed prior to 1978, except housing for the elderly or persons with disabilities (unless any child who is less than 6 years of age resides or is expected to reside in such housing for the elderly or persons with disabilities) or any 0-bedroom dwelling. In the case of jurisdictions which banned the sale or use of lead-based paint prior to 1978, the Secretary, at the Secretary's discretion, may designate an earlier date. 

Subtitle A—Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction

SEC. 1011. GRANTS FOR LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARD REDUCTION IN TARGET HOUSING. 
42 USC 4852.

(a) GENERAL AUTHORITY.—The Secretary is authorized to provide grants to eligible applicants to evaluate and reduce lead-based paint hazards in priority housing that is not federally assisted housing, federally owned housing, or public housing, in accordance with the provisions of this section. 
(b) ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS.—A State or unit of local government that has an approved comprehensive housing affordability strategy under section 105 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705) is eligible to apply for a grant under this section. 
(c) FORM OF APPLICATIONS.—To receive a grant under this section, a State or unit of local government shall submit an application in such form and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. An application shall contain— 
(1) a copy of that portion of an applicant’s comprehensive housing affordability strategy required by section 105(b)(16) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.);