PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3783

tories of the Pacific Islands, or any other territory or possession of the United States.
(17) TRANSITIONAL HOUSING.—The term 'transitional housing' means a project that has as its purpose facilitating the movement of homeless individuals and families to independent living within a reasonable amount of time. Transitional housing includes housing primarily designed to serve deinstitutionalized homeless individuals and other homeless individuals with mental or physical disabilities and homeless families with children.
(18) VERY LOW-INCOME FAMILY.—The term 'very low-income family' has the meaning given the term in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937.
(19) YOUTHBUILD PROGRAM.—The term 'Youthbuild program' means any program that receives assistance under this subtitle and provides disadvantaged youth with opportunities for employment, education, leadership development, and training in the construction or rehabilitation of housing for homeless individuals and members of low- and very low-income families.

SEC. 458. MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.

(a) SECRETARY ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary may enter into contracts with a qualified public or private nonprofit agency to provide assistance to the Secretary in the management, supervision, and coordination of Youthbuild programs receiving assistance under this subtitle.
(b) SPONSOR ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary shall enter into contacts with a qualified public or private nonprofit agency to provide appropriate training, information, and technical assistance to sponsors of programs assisted under this subtitle.
(c) APPLICATION PREPARATION.—Technical assistance may also be provided in the development of program proposals and the preparation of applications for assistance under this subtitle to eligible entities which intend or desire to submit such applications. Community-based organizations shall be given first priority in the provision of such assistance.
(d) RESERVATION OF FUNDS.—In each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve 5 percent of the amounts available for activities under this subtitle pursuant to section 402 to carry out subsections (b) and (c) of this section.

SEC. 459. CONTRACTS.

Each Youthbuild program shall carry out the services and activities under this subtitle directly or through arrangements or under contracts with administrative entities designated under section 103(b)(1)(B) of the Job Training Partnership Act, with State and local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, State and local housing development agencies, or with other public agencies, including agencies of Indian tribes, and private organizations.

SEC. 460. REGULATIONS.

The Secretary shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out this subtitle.

SEC. 165. EXTENSION FOR COMMENCEMENT OF CERTAIN CONSTRUCTION.

Notwithstanding section 17(d)(4)(G) of the United States Housing Act of 1937, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development