106 STAT. 3890             PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992  

format based on the census tract in which the property is located.  
"(3) CHANGE OF FORM NOT REQUIRED.—A depository institution meets the disclosure requirement of paragraph (1) if the institution provides the information required under such paragraph in the form in which the institution maintains such information.
"(4) REASONABLE CHARGE FOR INFORMATION.—Any depository institution which provides information under this subsection may impose a reasonable fee for any cost incurred in reproducing such information.  
"(5) TIME OF DISCLOSURE.—The disclosure of the loan application register information described in paragraph (1) for any year pursuant to a request under paragraph (1) shall be made—  
"(A) in the case of a request made on or before March 1 of the succeeding year, before April 1 of the succeeding year; and
"(B) in the case of a request made after March 1 of the succeeding year, before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date the request is made.  
"(6) RETENTION OF INFORMATION.—Notwithstanding subsection (c), the loan application register information described in paragraph (1) for any year shall be maintained and made available, upon request, for 3 years after the close of the last year during which such information is required to be maintained and made available.  
"(7) MINIMIZING COMPLIANCE COSTS. —In prescribing regulations under this subsection, the Board shall make every effort to minimize the costs incurred by a depository institution in complying with this subsection and such regulations.  
"(k) DISCLOSURE OF STATEMENTS BY DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.—  
"(1) IN GENERAL.—In accordance with procedures established by the Board pursuant to this section, any depository institution required to make disclosures under this section —  
"(A) shall make a disclosure statement available, upon request, to the public no later than 3 business days after the institution receives the statement from the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council; and
"(B) may make such statement available on a floppy disc which may be used with a personal computer or in any other media which is not prohibited under regulations prescribed by the Board.
"(2) NOTICE THAT DATA IS SUBJECT TO CORRECTION AFTER FINAL REVIEW. —Any disclosure statement provided pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be accompanied by a clear and conspicuous notice that the statement is subject to final review and revision, if necessary.  
"(3) REASONABLE CHARGE FOR INFORMATION.—Any depository institution which provides a disclosure statement pursuant to paragraph (1) may impose a reasonable fee for any cost incurred in providing or reproducing such statement.
"(1) PROMPT DISCLOSURES. —  
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Any disclosure of information pursuant to this section or section 310 shall be made as promptly as possible.