106 STAT. 3914         PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

less than 6 years of age resides or is expected to reside in such housing for the elderly or persons with disabilities) or any O-bedroom dwelling. In the case of jurisdictions which banned the sale or use of lead-based paint prior to 1978, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, at the Secretary's discretion, may designate an earlier date.
15 USC 2682.

"SEC. 402. LEAD-BASED PAINT ACTIVITIES TRAINING AND CERTIFI-
CATION.

"(a) REGULATIONS.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Hous- ing and Urban Development, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services (acting through the Director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health), promulgate final regulations governing lead-based paint activities to ensure that individuals engaged in such activities are properly trained; that training programs are accredited; and that contractors engaged in such activities are certified. Such regulations shall contain standards for performing lead-based paint activities, taking into account reliability, effectiveness, and safety. Such regulations shall require that all risk assessment, inspection, and abatement activities performed in target housing shall be performed by certified contractors, as such term is defined in section 1004 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992. The provisions of this section shall supersede the provisions set forth under the heading 'Lead Abatement Training and Certification' and under the heading 'Training Grants' in title III of the Act entitled 'An Act making appropriations for the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and for sundry independent agencies, commissions, corporations, and offices for the fiscal year ending September 30, 1992, and for other purposes', Public Law 102-139, and upon the enactment of this section the provisions set forth in such public law under such headings shall cease to have any force and effect.
"(2) ACCREDITATION OF TRAINING PROGRAMS.—Final regula- tions promulgated under paragraph (1) shall contain specific requirements for the accreditation of lead-based paint activities training programs for workers, supervisors, inspectors and plan- ners, and other individuals involved in lead-based paint activi- ties, including, but not limited to, each of the following:
"(A) Minimum requirements for the accreditation of training providers.
"(B) Minimum training curriculum requirements.
"(C) Minimum training hour requirements.
"(D) Minimum hands-on training requirements.
"(E) Minimum trainee competency and proficiency requirements.
"(F) Minimum requirements for training program qual- ity control.
"(3) ACCREDITATION AND CERTIFICATION FEES.—The Administrator (or the State in the case of an authorized State program) shall impose a fee on—
"(A) persons operating training programs accredited under this title; and