PUBLIC LAW 102-550–OCT. 28, 1992                                                                                                106 STAT. 3781

“(v) ANNUAL REPORT.–The Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development shall submit to the Congress an annual report on
the single family mortgage insurance program under this section.
Each report shall set forth—

“(1) an analysis of the income groups served by the single
family insurance program, including—
“(A) the percentage of borrowers whose incomes do
not exceed 100 percent of the median income for the area;

“(B) the percentage of borrowers whose incomes do
not exceed 80 percent of the median income for the area;

“(C) the percentage of borrowers whose incomes do
not exceed 60 percent of the median income for the area;

“(2) an analysis of the percentage of minority borrowers
annually assisted by the program; the percentage of central
city borrowers assisted and the percentage of rural borrowers
assisted by the program;

“(3) the extent to which the Secretary in carrying out
the program has employed methods to ensure that needs of
low and moderate income families, underserved areas, and
historically disadvantaged groups are served by the program;
and

“(4) the current impediments to having the program serve
low and moderate income borrowers; borrowers from central
city areas; borrowers from rural areas; and minority borrowers.

SEC. 505. MAXIMUM PRINCIPAL OBLIGATION OF MORTGAGES FOR
  VETERANS.
  (a) IN GENERAL.–The first sentence of the last undesignated
  paragraph of section 203(b)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1709(b)(2)) is amended by striking “Notwithstanding any
  other provision of this paragraph,” and inserting “Except with
  respect to mortgages executed by mortgagors who are veterans,”.

  (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.–Section 203(b)(9) of the National
  Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1709(b)(9)) is amended by striking “(except
  in a case to which the next to the last sentence of paragraph
  (2) applies)” and inserting “(except with respect to a mortgage
  executed by a mortgagor who is a veteran)”.

SEC. 506. PREPURCHASE COUNSELING REQUIREMENT.
  (a) IN GENERAL.–Section 203(b)(2) of the National Housing
  Act (12 U.S.C. 1709(b)(2)) is amended by inserting at the end
  the following new undesignated paragraph:
  “Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph,
  the Secretary may not insure, or enter into a commitment
  to insure, a mortgage under this section that is executed by
  a first-time homebuyer and that involves a principal obligation
  (including such initial service charges, appraisal, inspection,
  and other fees as the Secretary shall approve) in excess of
  97 percent of the appraised value of the property unless the
  mortgagor has completed a program of counseling with respect
  to the responsibilities and financial management involved in
  homeownership that is approved by the Secretary; except that
  the Secretary may, in the discretion of the Secretary, waive
  the applicability of this requirement.”.

 (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.–The amendment made by subsection (a)
shall apply to mortgages for which commitments for insurance

                                                                                                                                                   12 USC 1709
                                                                                                                                                   note.