PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992					106 STAT. 3739

amounts are insufficient for the Secretary to recover the full 
amount of the loan made under this section, the second mort-
gage held by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1) shall be 
cancelled.
“(3) PROFIT.—Any amounts remaining after distribution 
under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be paid to the seller or 
transferor.”.
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—Section 606(e)(5) of the Hous-
ing and Community Development Act of 1987 (12 U.S.C. 17151 
note) is amended—
(1) by inserting “subject to the provisions of section 604(c),” 
after the comma; and 
(2) by striking “(in which case” and all that follows through 
“repaid)”.
(c) APPLICABILITY.—The amendments made by this section shall 
apply to any loan made under section 604 of the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1987 after July 1, 1990.

SEC. 184. LOAN GUARANTEES FOR INDIAN HOUSING.

(a) AUTHORITY.—To provide access to sources of private financ-
ing to Indian families and Indian housing authorities who otherwise 
could not acquire housing financing because of the unique legal 
status of Indian trust land, the Secretary may guarantee not to 
exceed 100 percent of the unpaid principal and interest due on 
any loan eligible under subsection (b) made to an Indian family 
or Indian housing authority.
(b) ELIGIBLE LOANS.—Loans guaranteed pursuant to this sec-
tion shall meet the following requirements:
(1) ELIGIBLE BORROWERS.—The loans shall be made only 
to borrowers who are Indian families or Indian housing 
authorities.
(2) ELIGIBLE HOUSING.—The loan shall be used to construct, 
acquire, or rehabilitate 1- to 4-family dwellings that are stand-
ard housing and are located on trust land or land located 
in an Indian or Alaska Native area.
(3) SECURITY.—The loan may be secured by any collateral 
authorized under existing Federal law or applicable State or 
tribal law.
(4) LENDERS.—The loan shall be made only by a lender 
approved by and meeting qualifications established by the Sec-
retary, except that loans otherwise insured or guaranteed by 
an agency of the Federal Government or made by an organiza-
tion of Indians from amounts borrowed from the United States 
shall not be eligible for guarantee under this section. The 
following lenders are deemed to be approved under this 
paragraph:
(A) Any mortgagee approved by the Secretary of Hous-
ing and Urban Development for participation in the single 
family mortgage insurance program under title II of the 
National Housing Act.
(B) Any lender whose housing loans under chapter 
37 of title 38, United States Code are automatically guaran-
teed pursuant to section 1802(d) of such title.
(C) Any lender approved by the Secretary of Agri-
culture to make guaranteed loans for single family housing 
under the Housing Act of 1949.