106 STAT. 3908          PUBLIC LAW 102-550 — OCT. 28, 1992

tions under section 504(e) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 and shall be subject to the availability of appropriations. To the extent that paragraphs (A) and (B) impose additional costs to the Resolution Trust Corporation and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, its requirements shall be carried out only if appropriations are provided in advance in an appropriations Act. In the absence of appropriations sufficient to cover the costs of subparagraphs (A) and (B), these requirements shall not apply to the affected agency or agencies.

“(D) DEFINITIONS. — For the purposes of this subsection, the terms ‘inspection’, ‘abatement’, ‘lead-based paint hazard’, ‘federally owned housing’, ‘target housing’, ‘risk assessment’, and ‘certified contractor’ have the same meaning given such terms in section 1004 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992.

“(4)  DEFINITIONS. — For purposes of this subsection, the terms 'risk assessment’, ‘inspection’, ‘interim control’, ‘abatement’, ‘reduction’, and ‘lead-based paint hazard’ have the same meaning given such terms in section 1004 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992.

SEC. 1014. COMPREHENSIVE HOUSING AFFORDABILITY STRATEGY.
 
Section 105 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705) is amended —
     (1) in subsection (b)(14), by striking ‘“and’”’ at the end;
     (2) in subsection (b)(15), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘“;, and”’;
     (3) by inserting after paragraph (15) of subsection (b) the following new paragraph:
           ‘‘(16) estimate the number of housing units within the jurisdiction that are occupied by low-income families or very low-income families and that contain lead-based paint hazards, as defined in section 1004 of the Residential Lead-Based Painting Hazard Reduction Act 1992 outline the actions proposed or being taken to evaluate and reduce lead-based paint hazards, and describe how lead-based paint hazard reduction will be integrated into housing policies and programs.’’; and
     (4) in subsection (e) —
          (A) by striking ‘When preparing’ and inserting the following:
               “(1) IN GENERAL. — When preparing’’; and 
          (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
               ‘‘(2) LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARDS. — When preparing that portion of a housing strategy by subsection (b)(16), a jurisdiction shall consult with State or local health and child welfare agencies and examine existing data related to lead-based paint hazards and poisonings, including health department data on the addresses of housing units in which children have been identified as lead poisoned.’’.
              
42 USC 4852a.                       SEC. 1015. TASK FORCE ON LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARD REDUCTION AND FINANCING.
     
     (a) IN GENERAL. — The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall establish a task force to make recommendations on expanding resources and efforts to evaluate and reduce lead-based paint hazards in private housing.