106 STAT. 3970        PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

or responsibilities of such Office, with any function or program administered by the Secretary.”.
SEC. 1353. PROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting “any person acting on behalf of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight,” after “or agency thereof,”.
12 USC 4601. SEC. 1354. REVIEW OF UNDERWRITING GUIDELINES.
    (a) STUDY.—Each of the enterprises shall conduct a study to review the underwriting guidelines of the enterprise. The studies shall examine—
        (1) the extent to which the underwriting guidelines prevent or inhibit the purchase or securitization of mortgages for housing located in mixed-use, urban center, and predominantly minority neighborhoods and for housing for low- and moderate-income families;
        (2) the standards employed by private mortgage insurers and the extent to which such standards inhibit the purchase and securitization by the enterprises of mortgages described in paragraph (1); and
        (3) the implications of implementing underwriting standards that—
            (A) establish a downpayment requirement for mortgagors of 5 percent or less;
            (B) allow the use of cash on hand as a source for downpayments; and
            (C) approve borrowers who have a credit history of delinquencies if the borrower can demonstrate a satisfactory credit history for at least the 12-month period ending on the date of the application for the mortgage.
    (b) REPORT.—Not later than the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, each enterprise shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report regarding the study conducted by the enterprise under subsection (a). Each report shall include any recommendations of the enterprise for better meeting the housing needs of low- and moderate-income families.
12 USC 4602. SEC. 1355. STUDIES OF EFFECTS OF PRIVATIZATION OF FNMA AND FHLMC.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of the Congressional Budget Office shall each conduct and submit to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, not later than the expiration of the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, a study regarding the desirability and feasibility of repealing the Federal charters of the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, eliminating any Federal sponsorship of the enterprises, and allowing the enterprises to continue to operate as fully private entities.
    (b) REQUIREMENTS.—Each study shall particularly examine the effects of such privatization on—