PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992
                                    106 STAT. 3789

SEC. 514. STUDY REGARDING HOME WARRANTY PLANS.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-
ment (hereafter in this section referred to as the “Secretary”) shall
conduct a study of home and builder’s warranties and protection
plans regarding the construction of, and materials used in, 1- to
4-family dwellings subject to mortgages insured under title II of
the National Housing Act.
    (b) SCOPE OF STUDY.—The study shall analyze—
        (1) the extent to which home sellers and builders use
             such warranties and plans,
        (2) how such warranties and plans affect the single family
             mortgage insurance program under the National Housing Act
             and the solvency of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund,
        (3) any effects on homeowners of reliance upon such
             warranties and plans,
        (4) the cost of inspections of mortgaged homes not covered
             by such warranties or plans,
        (5) how quickly the issuers of such warranties and plans
             pay claims to homeowners under the warranties and plans,
        (6) how well such warranties and plans provide for the
             prevention of structural damage before damage occurs,
        (7) how responsive the issuers are to homeowner
             complaints,
        (8) the extent to which homeowners are adequately
             informed of the extent of insurance coverage, the complaint
             procedures, and the arbitration procedures available to them
             under such warranties and plans,
        (9) the extent to which the arbitration process used to
             settle claims under such warranties and plans provides fair
             and reasonable relief for homeowners,
        (10) how well homeowners are informed of their right to
              appeal the decision of such arbitrators to the Secretary,
        (11) whether the reporting and inspection requirements
              to which such warranties and plans are subject provide the
              Secretary with sufficient information to verify that such
              warranties and plans are acceptable,
        (12) whether dwellings covered by such warranties and
              plans satisfy all requirements which would have been applicable
              if such dwellings had been approved for mortgage insurance
              by the Secretary before the beginning of construction, and
        (13) any other issues relating to such warranties and plans
              that the Secretary considers appropriate.
    (c) REPORT.—The Secretary shall submit a report to the Con-
gress regarding the findings of the study and any recommendations
of the Secretary resulting from the study, not later than the expira-
tion of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment
of this Act.

SEC. 515. EXPENDITURES TO CORRECT DEFECTS.
    Section 518(a) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1735b(a))
is amended—
        (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subpara-
            graphs (A) through (C), respectively; and
        (2) by striking out “The Secretary” and all that follows
            through “make expenditures for” and inserting in lieu thereof
            the following: