106 STAT. 3872       PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

An organization which is not solely engaged in fair housing enforce- 
ment activities may qualify as a qualified fair housing enforcement 
organization, provided that the organization is actively engaged 
in each of the activities listed in subparagraph (B).

  “(2) The term ‘fair housing enforcement organization’ means 
any organization that— 

    ‘‘(A) meets the requirements specified in paragraph (1)(A); 
    ‘‘(B) is currently engaged in the activities specified in para- 
graph (1)(B); 
    ‘‘(C) upon the receipt of funds under this section will become 
engaged in all of the activities specified in paragraph (1)(B); 
and 
    ‘‘(D) for purposes of funding under subsection (b), has at 
least 1 year of experience in the activities specified in paragraph (1)(B).

  “(i) PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS.—None of the funds author- 
ized under this section may be used by the Secretary for purposes 
of settling claims, satisfying judgments or fulfilling court orders 
in any litigation action involving either the Department or housing 
providers funded by the Department. None of the funds authorized 
under this section may be used by the Department for administra- 
tive costs. 

  “(j) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.—Not later than 180 days after 
the close of each fiscal year in which assistance under this section 
is furnished, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Congress 
a comprehensive report which shall contain— 

    “(1) a description of the progress made in accomplishing 
the objectives of this section; 
    “(2) a summary of all the private enforcement activities 
carried out under this section and the use of such funds during 
the preceding fiscal year;
    “(3) a list of all fair housing enforcement organizations 
funded under this section during the preceding fiscal year, 
identified on a State-by-State basis;
    “(4) a summary of all education and outreach activities 
funded under this section and the use of such funds during 
the preceding fiscal year; and 
    “(5) any findings, conclusions, or recommendations of the 
Secretary as a result of the funded activities.”.

SEC. 906. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MANUFACTURED HOUSING. 

  (a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Section 943(f) of the 
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act is amended 
104 Stat. 4413. 
to read as follows: 

  “(f) AUTHORIZATION.—Of the amount appropriated pursuant to 
section 501 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 
(12 U.S.C. 1701z-1), there shall be set aside to carry out this 
section $1,000,000 for fiscal year 1993. Any amounts provided 
pursuant to this section shall remain available until expended.”.

  (b) FUNCTIONS OF THE COMMISSION.—Section 943(d)(1) of the 
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act is amended—

    (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and” at the end;
    (2) by adding after subparagraph (G) the following new 
sub-paragraph: 
      “(H) evaluate the extent to which manufacturers in 
compliance with Federal standards do and should comply 
with State implied or expressed warranty requirements;