106 STAT. 3882

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

SEC. 917. INDIAN HOUSING AUTHORITIES.

There is authorized to be appropriated $500,000 for fiscal year 1993 and $521,000 for fiscal year 1994 to a nonprofit organization under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that has been in existence since 1975 and that provides training, technical assistance, and information to Indian housing authorities, Indian tribal governments, and other groups. These sums shall be used by such nonprofit organization to—
   (1) provide technical assistance and training to Indian housing authorities;
   (2) improve the administrative capacities of Indian housing authorities; and
   (3) provide for other activities designed to improve Indian housing conditions.

SEC. 918. STUDY REGARDING FORECLOSURE ALTERNATIVES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall conduct a study to review and analyze alternatives to foreclosure for homeowners whose principal residences are subject to federally-related mortgages (in connection with federally related mortgage loans, as such term is defined in section 3 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974) under which the homeowner is in default. In conducting the study, the Secretary—
   (1) may consult with any appropriate Federal agencies that make, insure, or guarantee mortgage loans relating to 1- to 4-family dwellings and with the Federal National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Government National Mortgage Association, and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation; and
   (2) shall review and assess the adequacy, with respect to providing alternatives to foreclosure, of—
      (A) the temporary mortgage assistance payments program authorized under section 230 of the National Housing Act;
      (B) the authority of the Secretary to modify interest rates and other terms of mortgages transferred to the Secretary under section 7(i) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act; and
      (C) any authority pursuant to Debt Collection Act of 1982 to reduce interest rates on outstanding debt to the borrowing rate for the Treasury of the United States.

The Secretary shall evaluate alternatives to foreclosure based on fairness of the procedures to the homeowner and reducing adverse effects on the mortgage lending system.

(b) REPORT.—Not later than March 1, 1993, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress regarding the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). The report shall contain a detailed description and assessment of each alternative to foreclosure analyzed under the study and a statement by the Secretary regarding the intent of the Secretary to use any authority available under the provisions referred to in subsection (a)(2) to avoid foreclosure under mortgages (and any reasons for not using such authority). The report may also contain any recommendations of the Secretary for administrative or legislative action to assist homeowners to avoid foreclosure and any loss of equity in their mortgaged homes that may result from foreclosure.