PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 3879

States Housing Act of 1937, operating assistance provided pursuant to section 9 of that Act, and modernization grants provided pursuant to section 14 of that Act.

"(B) PRIORITY.—The efforts required under subparagraph (A) shall be directed in the following order of priority:
"(i) To residents of the housing developments for which the assistance is expended.
"(ii) To residents of other developments managed by the public or Indian housing agency that is expending the assistance.
"(iii) To participants in Youthbuild programs receiving assistance under subtitle D of title IV of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act.
"(iv) To other low- and very low-income persons residing within the metropolitan area (or nonmetropolitan county) in which the assistance is expended.

"(2) OTHER PROGRAMS.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—In other programs that provide housing and community development assistance, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the greatest extent feasible, and consistent with existing Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, opportunities for training and employment arising in connection with a housing rehabilitation (including reduction and abatement of lead-based paint hazards), housing construction, or other public construction project are given to low- and very low-income persons residing within the metropolitan area (or nonmetropolitan county) in which the project is located.
"(B) PRIORITY.—Where feasible, priority should be given to low- and very low-income persons residing within the service area of the project or the neighborhood in which the project is located and to participants in Youthbuild programs receiving assistance under subtitle D of title IV of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act.

"(d) CONTRACTING.—
"(1) PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING PROGRAM.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall require that public and Indian housing agencies, and their contractors and subcontractors, make their best efforts, consistent with existing Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, to award contracts for work to be performed in connection with development assistance provided pursuant to section 5 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, operating assistance provided pursuant to section 9 of that Act, and modernization grants provided pursuant to section 14 of that Act, to business concerns that provide economic opportunities for low- and very low-income persons.
"(B) PRIORITY.—The efforts required under subparagraph (A) shall be directed in the following order of priority:
"(i) To business concerns that provide economic opportunities for residents of the housing development for which the assistance is provided.
"(ii) To business concerns that provide economic opportunities for residents of other housing develop-

