PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 4011

(13) The current and prospective impact of the Federal Home Loan Bank System on—
(a) the availability and affordability of housing for low-and moderate-income households; and
(B) the relative availability of housing credit across geographic areas, with particular regard to differences depending on whether properties are inside or outside of central cities.
(14) The appropriateness of extending to the Federal Home Loan Bank System the public purposes and housing goals established for the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation under this title, the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act, and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act.
(b) REPORTS.—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Housing Finance Board, the Comptroller General, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office, and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall each submit to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report on the studies required under subsection (a) containing any recommendations for legislative action based on the results of the studies.
(c) COMMENTS.—The Secretary of the Treasury, the Director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, and the Federal National Mortgage Association shall each submit to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate any recommendations and opinions regarding the studies under subsection (a), to the extent that the recommendations and views of such offices and entities differ from the recommendations and opinions of the Federal Housing Finance Board, the Comptroller General, the Director of Congressional Budget Office, and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
(d) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this section, the term "housing-related assets" means residential mortgages, residential mortgage-related securities, loans or loan participations secured by residential real estate, housing production loans, and warehouse lines of credit for residential mortgage banking activities.

SEC. 1394. REPORT OF FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK MEMBERS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Federal Home Loan Banks shall establish a committee to be known as the Study Committee. The Study Committee shall be comprised of 24 members, of whom 2 shall be elected by the Board of Directors of each Federal Home Loan Bank from among officers or directors of stockholder institutions of the Federal Home Loan Bank. Each Federal Home Loan Bank shall elect members to the Study Committee not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(b) STUDY AND REPORT.—The Study Committee referred to in subsection (a) shall conduct a study on the topics referred to in section 1391(a) and on the costs and benefits of consolidation of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Study Committee shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and