PUBLIC LAW 102-550--OCT. 28, 1992      106 STAT. 3821

SEC. 642. COMPLIANCE WITH CRITERIA FOR OCCUPANCY AS REQUIREMENT FOR TENANCY.

In selecting tenants for occupancy of units in federally assisted housing, an owner of such housing shall utilize the criteria for occupancy in federally assisted housing established by the Secretary, by regulation, under section 643. If an owner determines that an applicant for occupancy in the housing does not meet such criteria, the owner may deny such applicant occupancy.

SEC. 643. ESTABLISHMENT OF CRITERIA FOR OCCUPANCY.

(a) TASK FORCE.--
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.--To assist the Secretary in establishing reasonable criteria for occupancy in federally assisted housing, the Secretary shall establish a task force to review all rules, policy statements, handbooks, technical assistance memoranda, and other relevant documents issued by the Department of Housing and Urban Development on the standards and obligations governing residency in federally assisted housing and make recommendations to the Secretary for the establishment of such criteria for occupancy.
(2) MEMBERS.--The Secretary shall appoint members to the task force, which shall include individuals representing the interests of owners, managers, and tenants of federally assisted housing, public housing agencies, owner and tenant advocacy organizations, persons with disabilities and disabled families, organizations assisting homeless individuals, and social service, mental health, and other nonprofit service providers who serve federally assisted housing.
(3) COMPENSATION.--Members of the task force shall not receive compensation for serving on the task force.
(4) DUTIES.--The task force shall--
(A) review all existing standards, regulations, and guidelines governing occupancy and tenant selection policies in federally assisted housing;
(B) review all existing standards, regulations, and guidelines governing lease provisions and other rules of occupancy for federally assisted housing;
(C) determine whether the standards, regulations, and guidelines reviewed under subparagraphs (A) and (B) provide sufficient guidance to owners and managers of federally assisted housing to--
(i) develop procedures for preselection inquiries sufficient to determine the capacity of applicants to comply with reasonable lease terms and conditions of occupancy;
(ii) utilize leases that prohibit behavior which endangers the health or safety of other tenants or violates the rights of other tenants to peaceful enjoyment of the premises;
(iii) assess the need to provide, and appropriate measures for providing, reasonable accommodations required under the Fair Housing Act and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 for persons with various types of disabilities; and
(iv) comply with civil rights laws and regulations;