“(i) establish the program as soon as possible on a national basis but not later than the date under paragraph (6);
“(ii) minimize the costs involved in establishing the program; and
“(iii) effectively and efficiently carry out the program.

“(3) TRAINING.--- The Secretary shall require that training of counselors under the program under this subsection be designed and coordinated to prepare individuals for successful completion of the examination for certification under subsection (c)(2). The Secretary, in consultation with the entity selected under paragraph (2)(B), shall establish the curriculum and standards for training counselors under the program.

“(4) CERTIFICATION.--- The entity selected under paragraph (2)(B) shall administer the examination under subsection (c)(2) and, on behalf of the Secretary, certify individuals successfully completing the examination. The Secretary, in consultation with such entity, shall establish the content and format of the examination.

“(5) FEES.---Subject to the approval of the Secretary, the entity selected under paragraph (2)(B) may establish and impose reasonable fees for participation in the training provided under the program and for examination and certification under subsection (c)(2), in an amount sufficient to cover any costs of such activities not covered with amounts provided under paragraph (7).

“(6) TIMING.--The entity selected under paragraph (2)(B) to carry out the training and certification program shall establish the program as soon as possible after such selection, and shall make training and certification available under the program on a national basis not later than the expiration of the 1-year period beginning upon such selection.

“(7) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.--- There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $2,000,000 for fiscal year 1993 and $2,084,000 for 1994.”

(e) REGULATIONS.---The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by subsection (d), not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 163. USE OF FUNDS RECAPTURED FROM REFINANCING STATE
AND LOCAL FINANCE PROJECTS.

IN GENERAL.---Section 1012 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note)  is amended to read as follows:
“SEC. 1012. USE OF FUNDS RECAPTURED FROM REFINANCING STATE
AND LOCAL FINANCE PROJECTS.
“(a) DEFINITION OF QUALIFIED PROJECT.For purposes of this section the term ‘qualified project ‘ means any State financed project or local government or local housing agency financed project, that—

(1) was—
“(A) provided a financial adjustment factor under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937; or
“(B) constructed or substantially rehabilitated pursuant to assistance provided under a contract under section
