PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

section 553 shall not be less than 60 days. The Secretary shall issue final regulations under this subsection not later than the expiration of the 60-day period beginning upon the conclusion of the comment period, which shall take effect upon issuance.

SEC. 644. ASSISTED APPLICATIONS.

(a) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary shall provide that any individual or family applying for occupancy in federally assisted housing may include in the application for the housing the name, address, phone number, and other relevant information of a family member, friend, or social, health, advocacy, or other organization, and that the owner shall treat such information as confidential.

(b) MAINTENANCE OF INFORMATION.—The Secretary shall require the owner of any federally assisted housing receiving an application including such information to maintain such information for any applicants who become tenants of the housing, for the purposes of facilitating contact by the owner with such person or organization to assist in providing any services or special care for the tenant and assist in resolving any relevant tenancy issues arising during the tenancy of such tenant.

(c) LIMITATIONS.—An owner of federally assisted housing may not require any individual or family applying for occupancy in the housing to provide the information described in subsection (a).

Subtitle D—Authority To Provide Preferences for Elderly Residents and Units for Disabled Residents in Certain Section 8 Assisted Housing

SEC. 651. AUTHORITY.

Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an owner of a covered section 8 housing project (as such term is defined in section 659) designed primarily for occupancy by elderly families may, in selecting tenants for units in the project that become available for occupancy, give preference to elderly families who have applied for occupancy in the housing, subject to the requirements of this subtitle.

42 USC 13604.

42 USC 13611.

SEC. 652. RESERVATION OF UNITS FOR DISABLED FAMILIES.

(a) REQUIREMENT.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project for which an owner gives preference in occupancy to elderly families pursuant to section 651, such owner shall (subject to sections 653, 654, and 655) reserve units in the project for occupancy only by disabled families who are not elderly or near-elderly families (and who have applied for occupancy in the housing) in the number determined under subsection (b).

(b) NUMBER OF UNITS.—Each owner required to reserve units in a project for occupancy under subsection (a) shall reserve a number of units in the project that is not less than the lesser of—

(1) the number of units equivalent to the higher of—