PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992 106 STAT. 4023

Such term does not include a person whose sole impairment is substance abuse.
«(3) FACILITY.—The term ‘facility’ means a structure or a clearly identifiable portion of a structure that is assisted under this subtitle.
“(4) LOW-DEMAND SERVICES AND REFERRALS.—The term ‘low-demand services and referrals’ means the provision of health care, mental health, substance abuse, and other supportive services and referrals for services in a noncoercive manner, which may include medication management, education, counseling, job training, and assistance in obtaining entitlement benefits and in obtaining other supportive services including mental health treatment and substance abuse treatment,
“(5) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION.—The term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization—
“(A) no part of the net earnings of which inures to the benefit of any member, founder, contributor, or individual;
“(B) that has a voluntary board;
“(C) that has an accounting system, or has designated a fiscal agent in accordance with requirements established by the Secretary; and
“(D) that practices nondiscrimination in the provision of assistance.
“(6) OPERATING COSTS.—The term ‘operating costs’ means expenses incurred by a recipient operating a safe haven under this subtitle with respect to—
“(A) the operation of the facility, including the cost of 24-hour management, and maintenance, repair, and security;
“(B) utilities, fuel, furnishings, and equipment for such housing; and
“(C) other reasonable costs necessary to the operation of the facility, which may include appropriate outreach and drop-in services.
“(7) RECIPIENT.—The term ‘recipient’ means an applicant that receives assistance under this subtitle.
“(8) SAFE HAVEN.—The term ‘safe haven’ means a facility—
“(A) that provides 24-hour residence for eligible persons who may reside for an unspecified duration;
“(B) that provides private or semiprivate accommodations;
“(C) that may provide for the common use of kitchen facilities, dining rooms, and bathrooms;
“(D) that may provide supportive services to eligible persons who are not residents on a drop-in basis; and
“(E) in which overnight occupancy is limited to no more than 25 persons.
“(9) SECRETARY.—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
“(10) SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL.—The term ‘seriously mentally ill’ means having a severe and persistent mental or emotional impairment that seriously limits a person’s ability to live independently.
“(11) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto 

59-194 0-95—13 : QL 3 (Pt. 5)