106 STAT. 3742                             PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

(i) FORECLOSURE.-The holder of the certificate may initiate foreclosure proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction (after providing written notice of such action to the Secretary) and upon a final order by the court authorizing foreclosure and submission to the Secretary of a claim for payment under the guarantee, the Secretary shall pay to the holder of the certificate the pro rata portion of the amount guaranteed (as determined pursuant to subsection (e)) plus reasonable fees and expenses as approved by the Secretary. The Secretary shall be subrogated to the rights of the holder of the guarantee and the lender holder shall assign the obligation and security to the Secretary. 
(ii) No FORECLOSURE.-Without seeking a judicial foreclosure (or in any case in which a foreclosure proceeding initiated under clause (i) continues for a period in excess of 1 year), the holder of the guarantee may submit to the Secretary a claim for payment under the guarantee and the Secretary shall only pay to such holder for a loss on any single loan an amount equal to 90 percent of the pro rata portion of the amount guaranteed (as determined under subsection (e)). The Secretary shall be subrogated to the rights of the holder of the guarantee and the blder shall assign the obligation and security to the Secretary. 
(B) REQUIREMENTS.-Before any payment under a guarantee is made under subparagraph (A), the holder of the guarantee shall exhaust all reasonable possibilities of collection. Upon payment, in whole or in part, to the holder, the note or judgment evidencing the debt shall be assigned to the United States and the holder shall have no further claim against the borrower or the United States. The Secretary shall then take such action to collect as the Secretary determines appropriate.
(2) ASSIGNMENT BY SECRETARY.-Notwithstanding paragraph (1), upon receiving notice of default on a loan guaranteed under this section from the holder of the guarantee, the Secretary may accept assignment of the loan if the Secretary determines that the assignment is in the best interests of the United States. Upon assignment the Secretary shall pay to the holder of the guarantee the pro rata portion of the amount guaranteed (as determined under subsection (e)). The Secretary shall be subrogated to the rights of the holder of the guarantee and the holder shall assign the obligation and security to the Secretary.
(3) LIMITATIONS ON LIQUIDATION.-In the event of a default by the borrower on a loan guaranteed under this section involving a security interest in tribal allotted or trust land, the Secretary shall only pursue liquidation after offering to transfer the account to an eligible tribal member, the tribe, or the Indian housing authority serving the tribe or tribes. If the Secretary subsequently proceeds to liquidate the account, the Secretary shall not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of or alienate the property except to one of the entities described in the preceding sentence.
(i) INDIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND.-