106 STAT. 3818          PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

some and economical meals can be served to occupants. Expendi-
tures incurred by a public housing agency in the operation of
a central dining facility in connection with congregate housing
(other than the cost of providing food and service) shall be consid-
ered a cost of operation of the project.
  "(5) The terms 'group home' and 'independent living facility'
have the meanings given such terms in section 811(k) of the Cran-
ston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act.

SEC. 623. TENANT-BASED ASSISTANCE FOR PERSONS WITH 
             DISABILITIES.
  (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013) is amended—
    (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows:
   
"SEC. 811. SUPPORTIVE HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES.";
    (2) in subsection (b)—
      (A) in the matter following paragraph (2)—
        (i) by moving such matter 2 ems to the right;
        and
        (ii) by striking "Such assistance" and inserting
          "assistance under this paragraph":
      (B) by striking the subsection heading and all that 
        follows through the end of paragraph (2) and inserting 
        the following:
    "(b) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary is
          authorized—
      "(1) to provide tenant-based rental assistance to eligible
        persons with disabilities, in accordance with subsection (d)(4)
        and
      "(2) to provide assistance to private, nonprofit organizations 
        to expand the supply of supportive housing for persons with 
        disabilities, which shall be provided as—
        "(A) capital advances in accordance with subsection
         (d)(1), and
        "(B) contracts for project rental assistance in accord-
           ance with subsection (d)(2);";
    (3) in subsection (d)—
      (A) in paragraphs (1) and (3), by striking "this section"
        and inserting "subsection (b)(2)"; and
      (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph—
       "(4) TENANT-BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE.—Tenant-based 
           rental assistance provided under subsection (b)(1) may be pro-
           vided only through a public housing agency that has submitted,
           and had approved, an allocation plan under section 7(f) of
           the United States Housing Act of 1937, and a public housing
           agency shall be eligible to apply under this section only for
           purposes of providing such assistance. Such assistance shall
           be made available to eligible persons with disabilities and
           administered under the same rules that govern rental assist-
           ance made available under section 8 of the United States Hous-
           ing Act of 1937. In determining the amount of assistance
           provided under subsection (b)(1) for a public housing agency,
           the Secretary shall consider the needs of the agency as
           described in the allocation plan.";
    (4) in subsection (e)(1), by striking "this section" and insert-
      ing "subsection (b)(2)";