106 STAT. 3826             PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

Subtitle E—Service Coordinators for Elderly and Disabled Residents of Federally Assisted Housing

42 USC 13631.

SEC. 671. REQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE SERVICE COORDINATORS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—To the extent that amounts are made available to carry out this subtitle pursuant to the amendments made by this subtitle, the Secretary shall require owners of covered federally assisted housing projects (as such term is defined in subsection (d)) receiving such amounts to provide for employing or otherwise retaining the services of one or more individuals to coordinate the provision of supportive services for elderly and disabled families residing in the projects (in this section referred to as a “service coordinator”). No such elderly or disabled family may be required to accept services.

(b) RESPONSIBILITIES.—Each service coordinator of a covered federally assisted housing project provided pursuant to this subtitle or the amendments made by this subtitle—

(1) shall consult with the owner of the housing, tenants, any tenant organizations, any resident management organizations, service providers, and any other appropriate persons, to identify the particular needs and characteristics of elderly and disabled families who reside in the project and any supportive services related to such needs and characteristics;

(2) shall manage and coordinate the provision of such services for residents of the project;

(3) may provide training to tenants of the project in the obligations of tenancy or coordinate such training;

(4) shall meet the minimum qualifications and standards required under section 802(d)(4) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act; and

(5) may carry out other appropriate activities for residents of the project.

(c) INCLUDED SERVICES.—Supportive services referred to under subsection (b)(1) may include health-related services, mental health services, services for nonmedical counseling, meals, transportation, personal care, bathing, toileting, housekeeping, chore assistance, safety, group and socialization activities, assistance with medications (in accordance with any applicable State laws), case management, personal emergency response, and other appropriate services. The services may be provided through any agency of the Federal Government or any other public or private department, agency, or organization.

(d) COVERED FEDERALLY ASSISTED HOUSING.—For purposes of this subtitle, the term “covered federally assisted housing” means housing that is federally assisted housing (as such term is defined in section 683(2), except that such term does not include housing described in subparagraphs (C) and (D) of such section.

SEC. 672. REQUIRED TRAINING OF SERVICE COORDINATORS.

Section 802(d)(4) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8011(d)(4)) is amended by inserting after the period at the end of the first sentence beginning after subparagraph (E) the following new sentence: “Such qualifications and standards shall include requiring each service coordinator to be