PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992                                    106 STAT. 3925

engaged in lead-based paint activities (as defined in title IV of the Toxic Substances Control Act),
  "(ii) which have demonstrated experience in implementing and operating health and safety training and education programs, and
  "(iii) with a demonstrated ability to reach, and involve in lead-based paint training programs, target populations of individuals who are or will be engaged in lead-based paint activities.
Grants under this subsection shall be awarded only to those organizations that fund at least 30 percent of their lead-based paint activities training programs from non-Federal sources, excluding in-kind contributions. Grants may also be made to local governments to carry out such training and education for their employees.
  "(C) There are authorized to be appropriated, at a minimum, $10,000,000 to the Institute for each of the fiscal years 1994 through 1997 to make grants under this paragraph.

   "(2) EVALUATION OF PROGRAMS.-The Institute shall conduct periodic and comprehensive assessments of the efficacy of the worker and supervisor training programs developed and offered by those receiving grants under this section. The Director shall prepare reports on the results of these assessments addressed to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to include recommendations as may be appropriate for the revision of these programs. The sum of $500,000 is authorized to be appropriated to the Institute for each of the fiscal years 1994 through 1997 to carry out this paragraph.".

Subtitle D-Research and Development  

        PART 1-HUD RESEARCH

SEC. 1051. RESEARCH ON LEAD EXPOSURE FROM OTHER SOURCES.                      42 USC 4854.
The Secretary, in cooperation with other Federal agencies, shall conduct research on strategies to reduce the risk of lead exposure from other sources, including exterior soil and interior lead dust in carpets, furniture, and forced air ducts.

SEC. 1052. TESTING TECHNOLOGIES.                                                         42 USC 4854a.
The Secretary, in cooperation with other Federal agencies, shall conduct research to-
  (1) develop improved methods for evaluating lead-based paint hazards in housing;
  (2) develop improved methods for reducing lead-based paint hazards in housing;
  (3) develop improved methods for measuring lead in paint films, dust, and soil samples;
  (4) establish performance standards for various detection methods, including spot test kits;
  (5) establish performance standards for lead-based paint hazard reduction methods, including the use of encapsulants;
  (6) establish appropriate cleanup standards;
  (7) evaluate the efficacy of interim controls in various hazard situations;
  (8) evaluate the relative performance of various abatement techniques;