106 STAT. 3878 PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

(1) in subsection (a), by striking "mortgage financing incentives for energy efficiency" and inserting "energy efficient mortgages (as such term is defined in section 104 of this Act)"; and
(2) in subsection (b)—
(A) in the second sentence, by inserting ", but not be limited to," after "include"; and
(B) by inserting after the period at the end of the following new sentence: "The Task Force shall determine whether notifying potential home purchasers of the availability of energy efficient mortgages would promote energy efficiency in residential buildings, and if so, the Task Force shall recommend appropriate notification guidelines, and agencies and organizations referred to in the preceding sentence are authorized to implement such guidelines.".
SEC. 915. ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES FOR LOW- AND VERY LOW-INCOME PERSONS.
Section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701u) is amended to read as follows:
"SEC. 3. ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES FOR LOW- AND VERY LOW-INCOME PERSONS.
"(a) FINDINGS.—The Congress finds that—
"(1) Federal housing and community development programs provide State and local governments and other recipients of Federal financial assistance with substantial funds for projects and activities that produce significant employment and other economic opportunities;
"(2) low- and very low-income persons, especially recipients of government assistance for housing, often have restricted access to employment and other economic opportunities;
"(3) the employment and other economic opportunities generated by projects and activities that receive Federal housing and community development assistance offer an effective means of empowering low- and very low-income persons, particularly persons who are recipients of government assistance for housing; and
"(4) prior Federal efforts to direct employment and other economic opportunities generated by Federal housing and community development programs to low- and very low-income persons have not been fully effective and should be intensified.
"(b) POLICY.—It is the policy of the Congress and the purpose of this section to ensure that the employment and other economic opportunities generated by Federal financial assistance for housing and community development programs shall, to the greatest extent feasible, be directed toward low- and very low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of government assistance for housing. 
"(c) EMPLOYMENT.—
"(1) PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING PROGRAM.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall require that public and Indian housing agencies, and their contractors and subcontractors, make their best efforts, consistent with existing Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, to give to low- and very low-income persons the training and employment opportunities generated by development assistance provided pursuant to section 5 of the United