106 STAT. 3918		PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

Control, (CDC), and the Director of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, shall jointly conduct a study of the sources of lead exposure in children who have elevated blood lead levels (or other indicators of elevated lead body burden), as defined by the Director of the Centers for Disease Control.
"(2) The Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, shall conduct a comprehensive study of means to reduce hazardous occupational lead abatement exposures. This study shall include, at a minimum, each of the following—
"(A) Surveillance and intervention capability in the States to identify and prevent hazardous exposures to lead abatement workers.
"(B) Demonstration of lead abatement control methods and devices and work practices to identify and prevent hazardous lead exposures in the workplace.
"(C) Evaluation, in consultation with the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, of health effects of low and high levels of occupational lead exposures on reproductive, neurological, renal, and cardiovascular health.
"(D) Identification of high risk occupational settings to which prevention activities and resources should be targeted.
"(E) A study assessing the potential exposures and risks from lead to janitorial and custodial workers.
"(3) The studies described in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, as appropriate, examine the relative contributions to elevated lead body burden from each of the following:
"(A) Drinking water.
"(B) Food.
"(C) Lead-based paint and dust from lead-based paint. 
"(D) Exterior sources such as ambient air and lead in soil.

Reports.		"(E) Occupational exposures, and other exposures that the Secretary determines to be appropriate.
"(4) Not later than 30 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress concerning the studies described in paragraphs (1) and (2).
"(d) PUBLIC EDUCATION.—(1) The Administrator, in conjunction with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, and in conjunction with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, shall sponsor public education and outreach activities to increase public awareness of—
"(A) the scope and severity of lead poisoning from household sources;
"(B) potential exposure to sources of lead in schools and childhood day care centers;
"(C) the implications of exposures for men and women, particularly those of childbearing age;
"(D) the need for careful, quality, abatement and management actions;
"(E) the need for universal screening of children;
"(F) other components of a lead poisoning prevention pro- gram;
"(G) the health consequences of lead exposure resulting from lead-based paint hazards;