106 STAT. 4014             PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

supportive housing to homeless persons to enable them to live as independently as possible.
42 USC 11382. 
“SEC. 422. DEFINITIONS.
“For purposes of this subtitle:
(1) The term ‘applicant’ means a State, Indian tribe, metropolitan city, urban county, governmental entity, private nonprofit organization, or community health association that is a public nonprofit organization, that is eligible to receive assistance under this subtitle and submits an application under section 426(a).
(2) The term ‘disability’ means—
(A) a disability as defined in section 223 of the Social Security Act,
(B) to be determined to have, pursuant to regulations issued by the Secretary, a physical, mental, or emotional impairment which (i) is expected to be of long-continued and indefinite duration, (ii) substantially impedes an individual’s ability to live independently, and (iii) of such a nature that such ability could be improved by more suitable housing conditions,
(C) a developmental disability as defined in section 102 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act, or
(D) the disease of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or any conditions arising from the etiologic agency for acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Subparagraph (D) shall not be construed to limit eligibility under subparagraphs (A) through (C) or the provisions referred to in subparagraphs (A) through (C).
(3) The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 102(a) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974.
(4) The term ‘metropolitan city’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974.
(5) The term ‘operating costs’ means expenses incurred by a recipient operating supportive housing under this subtitle with respect to—
(A) the administration, maintenance, repair, and security of such housing;
(B) utilities, fuel, furnishings, and equipment for such housing; and
(C) the conducting of the assessment under section 426(C)(2).
(6) The term ‘outpatient health services’ means outpatient health care, outpatient mental health services, outpatient substance abuse services, and case management.
(7) The term ‘private nonprofit organization’ means an organization—
(A) no part of the net earnings of which inures to the benefit of any member, founder, contributor, or individual;
(B) that has a voluntary board;
(C) that has an accounting system, or has designated a fiscal agent in accordance with requirements established by the Secretary; and