106 STAT. 3920       PUBLIC LAW 102-550--OCT. 28, 1992

effective for the intended use described by the manufacturer. The rule shall identify the types or classes of products that are subject to such rule. The President, in implementing the rule, shall, to the maximum extent possible, utilize independent testing laboratories, as appropriate, and consult with such entities and others in developing the rules. The President may delegate the authorities under this subsection to the Environmental Protection Agency or the Secretary of Commerce or such other appropriate agency.
15 USC 2686. 
"SEC. 406. LEAD HAZARD INFORMATION PAMPHLET.
"(a) LEAD HAZARD INFORMATION PAMPHLET.--Not later than 2 years after the enactment of this section, after notice and opportunity for comment, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall publish, and from time to time revise, a lead hazard information pamphlet to be used in connection with this title and section 1018 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992. The pamphlet shall--
"(1) contain information regarding the health risks associated with exposure to lead;
"(2) provide information on the presence of lead-based paint hazards in federally assisted, federally owned, and target hous- ing;
"(3) describe the risks of lead exposure for children under 6 years of age, pregnant women, women of childbearing age, persons involved in home renovation, and others residing in a dwelling with lead-based paint hazards;
"(4) describe the risks of renovation in a dwelling with lead-based paint hazards;
"(5) provide information on approved methods for evaluating and reducing lead-based paint hazards and their effectiveness in identifying, reducing, eliminating, or preventing exposure to lead-based paint hazards;
"(6) advise persons how to obtain a list of contractors certified pursuant to this title in lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction in the area in which the pamphlet is to be used;
"(7) state that a risk assessment or inspection for lead-based paint is recommended prior to the purchase, lease, or renovation of target housing;
"(8) state that certain State and local laws impose additional requirements related to lead-based paint in housing and provide a listing of Federal, State, and local agencies in each State, including address and telephone number, that can pro- vide information about applicable laws and available governmental and private assistance and financing; and
"(9) provide such other information about environmental hazards associated with residential real property as the Administrator deems appropriate.
Regulations.
"(b) RENOVATION OF TARGET HOUSING.--Within 2 years after the enactment of this section, the Administrator shall promulgate regulations under this subsection to require each person who performs for compensation a renovation of target housing to provide a lead hazard information pamphlet to the owner and occupant of such housing prior to commencing the renovation.