PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

106 STAT. 4073

institution or any director, officer, or employee of the financial institution.
"(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Any employee or former employee who believes that such employee has been discharged or discriminated against in violation of subsection (a) may file a civil action in the appropriate United States district court before the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of such discharge or discrimination.
"(c) REMEDIES.—If the district court determines that a violation has occurred, the court may order the financial institution which committed the violation to—
"(1) reinstate the employee to the employee's former position; 
"(2) pay compensatory damages; or "(3) take other appropriate actions to remedy any past discrimination.
"(d) LIMITATION.—The protections of this section shall not apply to any employee who—
"(1) deliberately causes or participates in the alleged violation of law or regulation; or
"(2) knowingly or recklessly provides substantially false information to the Secretary, the Attorney General, or any Federal supervisory agency.
"(e) COORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.—This section shall not apply with respect to any financial institution which is subject to section 33 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, section 213 of the Federal Credit Union Act, or section 21A(q) of the Home Owner's Loan Act (as added by section 251(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991).".
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5327 (as added by section 1511(c) of this Act) the following new item:
"5328. Whistleblower protections.".

SEC. 1564. ADVISORY GROUP ON REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish a Bank Secrecy Act Advisory Group consisting of representatives of the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Justice, and the Office of National Drug Control Policy and of other interested persons and financial institutions subject to the reporting requirements of subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, or section 6050I of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
(b) PURPOSES.—The Advisory Group shall provide a means by which the Secretary—
(1) informs private sector representatives, on a regular basis, of the ways in which the reports submitted pursuant to the requirements referred to in subsection (a) have been used;
(2) informs private sector representatives, on a regular basis, of how information regarding suspicious financial transactions provided voluntarily by financial institutions has been used; and