106 STAT. 3696

PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

42 USC 1437v.

"SEC. 24. REVITALIZATION OF SEVERELY DISTRESSED PUBLIC HOUS-
ING.

"(a) PROGRAM AUTHORITY.—The Secretary may make—
"(1) planning grants under subsection (c) to enable applicants to develop revitalization programs for severely dis-tressed public housing in accordance with this section; and
"(2) implementation grants under subsection (d) to carry out revitalization programs for severely distressed public hous-ing in accordance with this section.
"(b) DESIGNATION OF ELIGIBLE PROJECTS.—
"(1) IDENTIFICATION.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, public housing agencies shall identify, in such form and manner as the Secretary may prescribe, any public housing projects that they consider to be severely distressed public housing for purposes of receiving assistance under this section.
"(2) REVIEW BY SECRETARY.—The Secretary shall review the projects identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to ascertain whether the projects are severely distressed housing (as such item is defined in subsection (h)). Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish a list of those projects that the Secretary determines are severely distressed public housing.
"(3) APPEAL OF SECRETARY'S DETERMINATION.—The Sec-retary shall establish procedures for public housing agencies to appeal the Secretary's determination that a project identified by a public housing agency is not severely distressed.
"(c) PLANNING GRANTS.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may make planning grants under this subsection to applicants for the purpose of developing revitalization programs for severely distressed pub-lic housing under this section.
"(2) AMOUNT.—The amount of a planning grant under this subsection may not exceed $200,000 per project, except that the Secretary may for good cause approve a grant in a higher amount.
"(3) ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.—A planning grant may be used for activities to develop revitalization programs for severely distressed public housing, including—

"(A) studies of the different options for revitalization, including the feasibility, costs and neighborhood impact of such options;
"(B) providing technical or organizational support to ensure resident involvement in all phases of the planning and implementation processes;
"(C) improvements to stabilize the development, includ-ing security investments;
"(D) conducting workshops to ascertain the attitudes and concerns of the neighboring community;
"(E) preliminary architectural and engineering work;
"(F) planning for economic development, job training and self-sufficiency activities that promote the economic self-sufficiency of residents under the revitalization program;
"(G) designing a suitable replacement housing plan, in situations where partial or total demolition is considered;