PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992  106 STAT. 3955

(B)  the status of efforts to provide standard credit terms and underwriting guidelines for multifamily housing and to securitize such mortgage products; and
(C)  any factors inhibiting such standardization and securitization;
(6)  examine actions each enterprise has undertaken and could undertake to promote and expand opportunities for first-time homebuyers; and 
(7)  describe any actions taken under section 1325(5) with respect to originators found to violate fair lending procedures.

SEC. 1325. FAIR HOUSING. 
   The Secretary shall—
(1)  by regulation, prohibit each enterprise from discriminat­ing in any manner in the purchase of any mortgage because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, age, or national origin, including any consideration of the age or loca­tion of the dwelling or the age of the neighborhood or census tract where the dwelling is located in a manner that has a discriminatory effect;
(2)  by regulation, require each enterprise to submit data to the Secretary to assist the Secretary in investigating whether a mortgage lender with which the enterprise does business has failed to comply with the Fair Housing Act;
(3)  by regulation, require each enterprise to submit data to the Secretary to assist in investigating whether a mortgage lender with which the enterprise does business has failed to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and shall submit any such information received to the appropriate Federal agen­cies, as provided in section 704 of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, for appropriate action;
(4)  obtain information from other regulatory and enforce­ment agencies of the Federal Government and State and local governments regarding violations by lenders of the Fair Hous­ing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and make such information available to the enterprises;
(5)  direct the enterprises to undertake various remedial actions, including suspension, probation, reprimand, or settle­ment, against lenders that have been found to have engaged 
in discriminatory lending practices in violation of the Fair Housing Act or the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, pursuant to a final adjudication on the record, and after opportunity for an administrative hearing, in accordance with subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code; and
(6)  periodically review and comment on the underwriting and appraisal guidelines of each enterprise to ensure that such
guidelines are consistent with the Fair Housing Act and this section.

SEC. 1326.   PROHIBITION OF PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF PROPRIETARY  12 USC 4546.
INFORMATION.
(a)  IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may, by regulation or order, provide that certain information shall be treated as proprietary information and not subject to disclosure under section 1323 of this title, section 309(n)(3) of the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act, or section 307(f)(3) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act.