PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                                       106 STAT. 3867

shall transfer to the Special Assistant for Indian and Alaska Native Programs any functions and duties described in section 4(e)(1)(B) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act (as added by paragraph (1) of this subsection).

(3) STAFF.—Not later than the expiration of the 1-year
period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall transfer
from offices within the Department of Housing and Urban
Development to the office of the Special Assistant for Indian
and Alaska Native Programs such staff, having experience and
capacity to administer Indian housing and community develop-
ment programs, as may be necessary and appropriate to assist
the Special Assistant in carrying out the responsibilities under
section 4(e)(1)(B) of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development Act (as added by paragraph (1) of this subsection).
(b) AVOIDANCE OF FORECLOSURE ON MORTGAGES HELD BY SEC-
RETARY.—Section 7(i) of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(i)) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (5), by inserting before the semicolon
the following: ‘‘, except that with respect to any mortgage 
held by the Secretary, the Secretary shall, subject to the avail-
ability of amounts provided in appropriation Acts, implement 
the authority under this paragraph to reduce the interest rate
on the mortgage to a rate not less than the rate for recently
issued marketable obligations of the Treasury having a com-
parable maturity if (and to the extent that) such a reduction,
when taken together with other actions authorized under the
National Housing Act, is necessary to avoid foreclosure of
the mortgage; and except that for any mortgage for which
the interest rate is reduced pursuant to an appropriation under
the preceding clause, if the Secretary determines that the
income or ability of the mortgagor to make interest payments
has increased, the Secretary may (not more than once for
each such mortgage) increase such interest rate to a rate not
exceeding the prevailing market rate, as determined by the
Secretary;’’ and
(2) in paragraph (6), by inserting before the period the
following: ‘‘, including any provisions relating to the authority
or requirements under paragraph (5)’’.
(c) PROGRAM MONITORING AND EVALUATION.—The first sentence
of section 7(x)(6) of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-
ment Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(r)(6)) is amended to read as follows:
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection
such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 1993 and fiscal
year 1994.’’.

SEC. 903. PARTICIPANT’S CONSENT TO RELEASE OF INFORMATION.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 904 of the Stewart B. McKinney
Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 3544)
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(e) CONDITIONS OF RELEASE OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PAR-
TIES.—An applicant or participant under any program of the Depart-
ment of Housing and Urban Development may not be required 
or requested to consent to the release of information by third
parties as a condition of initial or continuing eligibility for participa-
tion in the program unless—