PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992      106 STAT. 3919


"(H) risk assessment and inspection methods for lead-based
          paint hazards; and
        "(D measures to reduce the risk of lead exposure from
          lead-based paint.
    "(2) The activities described in paragraph (1) shall be designed
to provide educational services and information to—
        "(A) health professionals;
        "(B) the general public, with emphasis on parents of young
           children;
        "(C) homeowners, landlords, and tenants;
        "(D) consumers of home improvement products;
        "(E) the residential real estate industry; and
        "(F) the home renovation industry.
    "(3) In implementing the activities described in paragraph (1),
the Administrator shall assure coordination with the President's
Commission on Environmental Quality's education and awareness
campaign on lead poisoning.
    "(4) The Administrator, in consultation with the Chairman
of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, shall develop informa-
tion to be distributed by retailers of home improvement products
to provide consumers with practical information related to the haz-
ards of renovation and remodeling where lead-based paint may
be present.
  "(e) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. —
       "(1) CLEARINGHOUSE. — Not later than 6 months after the Establishment,
enactment of this subsection, the Administrator shall establish,
in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-
opment and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control,
a National Clearinghouse on Childhood Lead Poisoning (herein-
after in this section referred to as 'Clearinghouse'). The
Clearinghouse shall—
            "(A) collect, evaluate, and disseminate current informa-
            tion on the assessment and reduction of lead-based paint
            hazards, adverse health effects, sources of exposure, detec-
            tion and risk assessment methods, environmental hazards,
            abatement, and clean-up standards;
            "(B) maintain a rapid-alert system to inform certified lead-based paint activities contractors of significant devel-
            opments in research related to lead-based paint hazards;
            and
            "(C) perform any other duty that the Administrator
            determines necessary to achieve the purposes of this Act.
       "(2) HOTLINE. — Not later than 6 months after the enact-
ment of this subsection, the Administrator, in cooperation with
other Federal agencies and with State and local governments,
shall establish a single lead-based paint hazard hotline to pro-
vide the public with answers to questions about lead poisoning
prevention and referrals to the Clearinghouse for technical
information.
  "(f) PRODUCTS FOR LEAD-BASED PAINT ACTIVITIES. — Not later President.
than 30 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Regulations.
President shall, after notice and opportunity for comment, establish
by rule appropriate criteria, testing protocols, and performance
characteristics as are necessary to ensure, to the greatest extent
possible and consistent with the purposes and policy of this title,
that lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction products
introduced into commerce after a period specified in the rule are