PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                                     106 STAT. 3899

property on which there is situated 1 or more residential dwell-
ings used or occupied, or intended to be used or occupied,
in whole or in part, as the home or residence of 1 or more
persons.
    (5) DETERIORATED PAINT.—The term “deteriorated paint”
means any interior or exterior paint that is peeling, chipping,
chalking or cracking or any paint located on an interior or
exterior surface or fixture that is damaged or deteriorated.
    (6) EVALUATION.—The term “evaluation” means risk assess-
ment, inspection, or risk assessment and inspection.
    (7) FEDERALLY ASSISTED HOUSING.—The term “federally
assisted housing” means residential dwellings receiving project-
based assistance under programs including—
        (A) section 221(d)(3) or 236 of the National Housing
    Act;
        (B) section 1 of the Housing and Urban Development
    Act of 1965;
        (C) section 8 of the United States Housing Act of
    1937; or
        (D) sections 502(a), 504, 514, 515, 516 and 533 of
    the Housing Act of 1949.
    (8) FEDERALLY OWNED HOUSING.—The term “federally
owned housing” means residential dwellings owned or managed
by a Federal agency, or for which a Federal agency is a trustee
or conservator. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term
“Federal agency” includes the Department of Housing and
Urban Development, the Farmers Home Administration, the
Resolution Trust Corporation, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, the General Services Administration, the Depart-
ment of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the
Department of the Interior, the Department of Transportation,
and any other Federal agency.
    (9) FEDERALLY SUPPORTED WORK.—The term “federally sup-
ported work” means any lead hazard evaluation or reduction
activities conducted in federally owned or assisted housing or
funded in whole or in part through any financial assistance
program of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-
ment, the Farmers Home Administration, or the Department
of Veterans Affairs.
    (10) FRICTION SURFACE.—The term “friction surface” means
an interior or exterior surface that is subject to abrasion or
friction, including certain window, floor, and stair surfaces.
    (11) IMPACT SURFACE.—The term “impact surface” means
an interior or exterior surface that is subject to damage by
repeated impacts, for example, certain parts of door frames.
    (12) INSPECTION.—The term “inspection” means a surface-
by-surface investigation to determine the presence of lead-based
paint as provided in section 302(c) of the Lead-Based Paint
Poisoning Prevention Act and the provision of a report explain-
ing the results of the investigation.
    (13) INTERIM CONTROLS.—The term “interim controls”
means a set of measures designed to reduce temporarily human
exposure or likely exposure to lead-based paint hazards, includ-
ing specialized cleaning, repairs, maintenance, painting, tem-
porary containment, ongoing monitoring of lead-based paint
hazards or potential hazards, and the establishment and oper-
ation of management and resident education programs.