106 STAT. 3728

PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

"(2) the feasibility of the Youthbuild program;
"(3) the potential for developing a successful Youthbuild program;
"(4) the need for the prospective project, as determined by the degree of economic distress of the community from which participants would be recruited (such as poverty, youth unemployment, number of individuals who have dropped out of high school) and of the community in which the housing proposed to be constructed or rehabilitated would be located (such as incidence of homelessness, shortage of affordable housing, poverty);
"(5) the apparent commitment of the applicant to leadership development, education, and training of participants;
"(6) the inclusion of previously homeless tenants in the housing provided;
"(7) the commitment of other resources to the program by the applicant and by recipients of other Federal, State or local housing and community development assistance who will sponsor any part of the construction, rehabilitation, operation and maintenance, or other housing and community development activities undertaken as part of the program, or by other Federal, State or local activities and activities conducted by Indian tribes, including, but not limited to, vocational, adult and bilingual education programs, and job training provided with funds available under the Job Training Partnership Act and the Family Support Act of 1988; and
"(8) such other factors as the Secretary determines to be appropriate for purposes of carrying out the program established by this subtitle in an effective and efficient manner.
       "(e) PRIORITY FOR APPLICANTS WHO OBTAIN HOUSING MONEY FROM OTHER SOURCES.-The Secretary shall give priority in the award of grants under this section to applicants to the extent that they propose to finance activities described in paragraphs (1), (2), and (6) of subsection (b) from funds provided from Federal, State, local, or private sources other than assistance under this subtitle.
       "(f) APPROVAL.-The Secretary shall notify each applicant, not later than 4 months after the date of the submission of the application, whether the application is approved or not approved.
       "(g) COMBINED PLANNING AND IMPLEMENTATION GRANT APPLICATION PROCEDURE.-The Secretary shall develop a procedure under which an applicant may apply at the same time and in a single application for a planning grant and an implementation grant, with receipt of the implementation grant conditioned on successful completion of the activities funded by the planning grant.
42 USC 12899d.

"SEC. 455. YOUTHBUILD PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.

       "(a) RESIDENTIAL RENTAL HOUSING.-Each residential rental housing project receiving assistance under this subtitle shall meet the following requirements:
            "(1) OCCUPANCY BY LOW- AND VERY LOW-INCOME FAMILIES.-
       In the project-
                  "(A) at least 90 percent of the units shall be occupied, or available for occupancy, by individuals and families with incomes less than 60 percent of the area median income, adjusted for family size; and