PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992                                   106 STAT. 3685

(b) EXCEPTION TO REQUIRED ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM.—
Section 23(b)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42
U.S.C. 1437u(b)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A)
through (D) and inserting the following:
"(A) lack of supportive services accessible to eligible
families, which shall include insufficient availability of
resources for programs under the Job Training Partner-
ships Act or the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Train-
ing Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security
Act;
"(B) lack of funding for reasonable administrative costs;
"(C) lack of cooperation by other units of State or
local government; or
"(D) any other circumstances that the Secretary may
consider appropriate.
In allocating assistance available for reservation under this
Act, the Secretary may not refuse to provide assistance or
decrease the amount of assistance that would otherwise be
provided to any public housing agency because the agency
has provided a certification under this paragraph or because,
pursuant to a certification, the agency has failed to carry out
a self-sufficiency program."

(c) NONPARTICIPATION.—Section 23(b) of the United States
Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u(b)) is amended by adding
at the end the following new paragraph:
"(4) NONPARTICIPATION.—Assistance under the certificate
or voucher programs under section 8 for a family that elects
not to participate in a local program shall not be delayed
by reason of such election."

(d) CONTRACT OF PARTICIPATION.—Section 23(c)(1) of the United
States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u(c)(1)) is amended—
(1) in the second sentence, by inserting after "program"
the following: ", shall establish specific interim and final goals
by which compliance with and performance of the contract
may be measured,"; and
(2) by striking the last sentence and inserting the following
new sentences: "The contract shall provide that the public
housing agency may terminate or withhold assistance under
section 8 and services under paragraph (2) of this subsection
if the public housing agency determines, through an administra-
tive grievance procedure in accordance with the requirements
of section 6(k), that the family has failed to comply with the
requirements of the contract without good cause (which may
include a loss or reduction in access to supportive services,
or a change in circumstances that makes the family or individ-
ual unsuitable for participation).".

(e) SUPPORTIVE SERVICES.—The first sentence of section 23(c)(2)
of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u(c)(2))
is amended by striking "to each participating family" the second
place it appears.

(f) ESCROW SAVINGS ACCOUNTS.—Section 23(d)(2) of the United
States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u(d)(2)) is amended
in the last sentence by striking "only after" and all that follows
through the end of the sentence and inserting the following: "after
the family ceases to receive income assistance under Federal or
State welfare programs, upon successful performance of the obliga-
tions of the family under the contract of participation entered