106 STAT. 4008             PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

Public information.
Regulations 12 USC 1451 note.

(I) describe trends in the delinquency and default rates of mortgages secured by housing for low- and moderate-income families that have been purchased by the Corporation, including a comparison of such trends with delinquency and default information for mortgage products serving households with incomes above the median level that have been purchased by the Corporation, and evaluate the impact of such trends on the standards and levels of risk of mortgage products serving low- and moderate- income families;

(J) describe in the aggregate the seller and servicer network of the Corporation, including the volume of mortgages purchased from minority-owned, women-owned, and community-oriented lenders, and any efforts to facilitate relationships with such lenders;

(K) describe the activities undertaken by the Corporation with nonprofit and for-profit organizations and with State and local governments and housing finance agencies, including how the Corporation’s activities support the objectives of comprehensive housing affordability strategies under section 105 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act; and

(L) include any other information that the Secretary considers appropriate.
        
 ‘‘(3)(A) The Corporation shall make each report under this subsection available to the public at the principal and regional offices of the Corporation.
                    
(B) Before making a report under this subsection available to the public, the Corporation may exclude from the report information that the Secretary has determined is proprietary information under section 1326 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992.’’

(t) HOUSING ADVISORY COUNCIL.—Section 307 of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1456) is amended by adding ‘after subsection (f) (as added by subtends (s) of this section) the following new subsection:
‘‘(g)(1) Not later than 4 months after the date of enactment of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, the Corporation shall appoint an Affordable Housing Advisory Council to advise the Corporation regarding possible methods for promoting affordable housing for low- and moderate-income families.

(2) The Affordable Housing Advisory Council shall consist of 15 individuals, who shall include representatives of community- based and other nonprofit and for-profit organizations and State and local government agencies actively engaged in the promotion, development, or financing of housing for low- and moderate-income families.’’ 

SEC. 1383. IMPLEMENTATION.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Director, as appropriate, shall issue any final regulations necessary to implement the amendments made by this subtitle not later than the expiration of the 18-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.

(b) NOTICE AND COMMENT.—The regulations under this section shall be issued after notice and opportunity for public comment pursuant to the provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code.


