106 STAT. 4036						PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

“(3) costs associated with making use of Federal inven- 
tory property programs to house homeless families, includ-
ing the program established under title V of the Stewart 
B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act and the Single Fam- 
ily Property Disposition Program established pursuant to 
section 204(g) of the National Housing Act. 
“(2) CAPACITY BUILDING ACTIVITIES.—Not more than 20 per- 
cent of the funds appropriated under subsection (1)(1) for a 
fiscal year may be used by eligible organizations for capacity 
building activities, including payment of operating costs and 
staff retention. 
“(c) AWARD OF GRANTS.— 
“(1) COMMUNITIES WITH POPULATIONS OF LESS THAN 
10,000.—
“(A) SET ASIDE.—In awarding grants under subsection 
(a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall make available 
not less than 50 percent of the funds appropriated under 
subsection (I)(1) for the fiscal year for grants to eligible 
organizations serving communities that have populations 
of less than 10,000. 
“(B) PRIORITY WITHIN SET ASIDE.—In awarding grants 
in accordance with subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall 
give priority to eligible organizations serving communities 
with populations of less than 5,000. 
“(2) COMMUNITIES WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT FEDERAL ASSIST- 
ANCE.—In awarding grants under subsection (a), including 
grants awarded in accordance with paragraph (1), the Secretary 
shall give priority to eligible organizations serving communities 
not currently receiving significant Federal assistance under 
this Act. 
“(3) STATE LIMIT.—In awarding grants under subsection 
(a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall not award to eligible 
organizations within a State an aggregate sum of more than 
10 percent of the funds appropriated under subsection (1)(1), 
for the fiscal year. 
“(d) APPLICATION.—In order to be eligible to receive a grant 
under subsection (a), an organization shall submit an application 
to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing 
such information as the Secretary may require. The application 
shall include, at a minimum—
“(1) a description of the target population and geographic 
area to be served; 
“(2) a description of the types of assistance to be provided; 
“(3) an assurance that the assistance to be provided is 
closely related to the identified needs of the target population; 
“(4) a description of the existing assistance available to 
the target population, including Federal, State, and local pro- 
grams, and a description of the manner in which the organiza- 
tion will coordinate with and expand existing assistance or 
provide assistance not available in the immediate area; 
“(5) an agreement by the organization that the organization 
will collect data on the projects conducted by the organization, 
including assistance provided, number and characteristics of 
persons served, and causes of homelessness for persons served;
and 
“(6) an agreement by the organization that, to the maxi- 
mum extent practicable, the organization will involve homeless