106 STAT. 3774 PUBLIC LAW 102-550-OCT. 28, 1992

12 USC 1715t-1a note.

diately before the date of the enactment of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act); or (iii) the HOME Investment Partnerships Act.
(2) COVERED MULTIFAMILY HOUSING PROPERTY FOR THE ELDERLY.-The term "covered multifamily housing property for the elderly" means any multifamily housing project that was designed or designated to serve, or is serving, elderly persons or families and is assisted under a program administered by the Secretary.
(3) SECRETARY.-The term "Secretary" means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
SEC. 402. REQUIRED SUBMISSION.
(a) IN GENERAL.-The owner of each covered multifamily housing property, and the owner of each covered multifamily housing property for the elderly, shall submit to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development a comprehensive needs assessment of the property under this title.
(b) TIMING.-The Secretary shall require the owners of approximately one-third of the aggregate number of covered multifamily housing properties, and the owners of approximately one-third of the aggregate number of covered multifamily housing properties for the elderly, to submit the comprehensive needs assessments under this section for the properties in each of fiscal years 1993, 1994, and 1995, in a manner designed to ensure that upon the conclusion of fiscal year 1995 the assessments for all such properties have been submitted.

SEC. 403. CONTENTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.-Each comprehensive needs assessment submitted under this title for a covered multifamily housing property or a covered multifamily housing property for the elderly shall contain the following information with respect to the property:
(1) A description of any financial or other assistance currently needed for the property to ensure that the property is maintained in a livable condition and to ensure the financial viability of the project.
(2) A description of any financial or other assistance for the property that, at the time of the assessment, is reasonably foreseeable as necessary to ensure that the property is maintained in a livable condition and to ensure the financial viability of the project, during the remaining useful life of the property.
(3) A description of any resources available for meeting the current and future needs of the property described under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the likelihood of obtaining such resources.
(4) A description of any assistance needed for the property under programs administered by the Secretary.
(b) PROJECTS FOR THE ELDERLY.-Each comprehensive needs assessment for a covered multifamily housing property for the elderly shall include, in addition to the information required under subsection (a), the following information with respect to the property:
(1) A description of the supportive service needs of such residents and any supportive services provided to elderly reside of the property.
(2) A description of any modernization needs and activities for the property.