PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3867

(6) A sufficiency assessment of planned funding across 
the future years defense program for the development of JADC2 capabilities.

SEC. 1077. REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTY RESOURCING AND 
AUTHORITIES.

(a) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section is to facilitate fulfill-
ment of the requirements in section 936 of the John S. McCain 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public 
Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 134 note).
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees a report on the current 
resources and authorities applied to civilian casualty mitigation, 
investigation, and response and an articulation of what, if any, 
additional resources or authorities will be necessary to fully imple-
ment 936 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 134 note).
(c) ELEMENTS.—The report required under subsection (b) shall 
include the following:
    (1) An accounting of the number of personnel at each 
combatant command, the Joint Staff, and Office of the Secretary 
of Defense who, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, 
are either exclusively or partially dedicated to—
        (A) assessing, investigating, accounting for, and 
        responding to allegations of civilian casualties resulting 
        from United States military operations;
        (B) incorporating civilian casualty mitigation efforts 
        into operational plans and activities;
        (C) building partner capacity for mitigating civilian 
        casualties; or
        (D) any other relevant matters.
    (2) An estimate of the number of personnel projected to 
be required during the three-year period beginning on the date 
of the enactment of this Act by each combatant command, 
the Joint Staff, and Office of the Secretary of Defense to—
        (A) assess, investigate, account for, and respond to 
        allegations of civilian casualties resulting from United 
        States military operations;
        (B) incorporate civilian casualty mitigation efforts into 
        operational plans and activities;
        (C) build partner capacity for mitigating civilian cas-
        ualties; and
        (D) perform any other relevant functions.
    (3) A description of any specialized information technology 
equipment, support and maintenance, and data storage 
capabilities used by the Department of Defense as of the date 
of the enactment of this Act to—
        (A) receive allegations of, assess, investigate, account 
        for, and respond to allegations of civilian casualties 
        resulting from United States military operations;
        (B) incorporate civilian casualty mitigation efforts into 
        operational plans and activities; and
        (C) perform any other relevant functions.
    (4) An estimate of the projected costs during the three-
year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this