134 STAT. 3992               PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

appropriate congressional committees a report on the activities and resources required to enhance security partnerships between the United States and African countries.

(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A description of the Department of Defense's approach to conducting security cooperation activities in Africa, including how it identifies and prioritizes its security partnerships in Africa.
(B) A description of how the Department's security cooperation activities benefit other Federal departments and agencies that are operating in Africa.
(C) Recommendations to improve the ability of the Department to achieve sustainable security benefits from its security cooperation activities in Africa, which may include—
(i) the establishment of contingency locations;
(ii) small-scale construction conducted in accordance with existing law; and
(iii) the acquisition of additional training and equipment by African partners to improve their organizational, operational, mobility, and sustainment capabilities.
(D) Recommendations to expand and strengthen partner capability to conduct security activities, including traditional activities of the combatant commands, train and equip opportunities, State Partnership for the National Guard, and through multilateral activities.
(E) A description of how the following factors may impact the ability of the Department to strengthen security partnerships in Africa:
(i) The economic development and stability of African countries.
(ii) The military, intelligence, diplomatic, develop-mental, and humanitarian efforts of China and Russia on the African continent.
(iii) The ability of the United States, allies, and partners to combat violent extremist organizations operating in Africa.
(F) Any other matters the Secretary determines to be relevant.
(3) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified form, but shall include an unclassified summary.

(b) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term "appropriate congressional committees" means—
(1) the congressional defense committees; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.

SEC. 1294. PLAN TO ADDRESS GROSS VIOLATIONS OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND CIVILIAN HARM IN BURKINA FASO, CHAD, MALI, AND NIGER.
(a) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation