134 STAT. 4600             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

in such form as the Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney General, may, by rule, require.

“(d) REPRESENTATION.—
“(1) PERMITTED REPRESENTATION.—Any whistleblower who makes a claim for an award under subsection (b) may be represented by counsel.
“(2) REQUIRED REPRESENTATION.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Any whistleblower who anonymously makes a claim for an award under subsection (b) shall be represented by counsel if the whistleblower anonymously submits the information upon which the claim is based.
“(B) DISCLOSURE OF IDENTITY.—Before the payment of an award, a whistleblower shall disclose the identity of the whistleblower and provide such other information as the Secretary may require, directly or through counsel for the whistleblower.
“(e) NO CONTRACT NECESSARY.—No contract with the Department of the Treasury is necessary for any whistleblower to receive an award under subsection (b), unless otherwise required by the Secretary by rule or regulation.
Determination.
“(f) APPEALS.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Any determination made under this section, including whether, to whom, or in what amount to make awards, shall be in the discretion of the Secretary.
Courts.
Deadline.
“(2) REQUIREMENTS.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Any determination described in paragraph (1), except the determination of the amount of an award if the award was made in accordance with subsection (b), may be appealed to the appropriate court of appeals of the United States not more than 30 days after the determination is issued by the Secretary.
“(B) SCOPE OF REVIEW.—The court to which a determination by the Secretary is appealed under subparagraph (A) shall review the determination in accordance with section 706 of title 5.
“(g) PROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS.—
“(1) PROHIBITION AGAINST RETALIATION.—No employer may, directly or indirectly, discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, blacklist, harass, or in any other manner discriminate against a whistleblower in the terms and conditions of employment or post-employment because of any lawful act done by the whistleblower—
“(A) in providing information in accordance with this section to—
“(i) the Secretary or the Attorney General;
“(ii) a Federal regulatory or law enforcement agency;
“(iii) any Member of Congress or any committee of Congress; or
“(iv) a person with supervisory authority over the whistleblower, or such other person working for the employer who has the authority to investigate, discover, or terminate misconduct; or
“(B) in initiating, testifying in, or assisting in any investigation or judicial or administrative action of the Department of the Treasury or the Department of Justice