134 STAT. 3998          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

determined by the Secretary of State, with the Compact of Free Association between the Government of the United States and the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands or any subsidiary agreement or implementing arrangement.
     " (b) REIMBURSEMENT. — (1) The Secretary of the Army may collect reimbursement from the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and eligible patrons for the provision of goods or services under subsection (a).
              "(2) The amount collected for goods or services under this subsection may not be greater than the total amount of actual costs to the United States for providing the goods or services.
     "(c) NECESSARY EXPENSES. — Amounts appropriated to the Department of the Army may be used for necessary expenses associated with providing goods and services under this section.
     "(d) REGULATIONS. — The Secretary of the Army shall issue regulations to carry out this section.".
    
     (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT. — The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item:
     
"7596. Provision of goods and services at Kwajalein Atoll.''.

     (c) BRIEFING. — Not later than December 31, 2021, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the use of the authority under section 7596(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), in fiscal year 2021, including a written summary describing the goods and services provided on a reimbursable basis and the goods and services provided on a nonreimbursable basis.

SEC. 1299B. REPORT ON CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED FROM DESIGNATED COUNTRIES.
     
     Section 2350j of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
"(i) REPORT ON CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED FROM DESIGNATED COUNTRIES. — 
     
     "(1) IN GENERAL. — Not later than January 15 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the burden sharing contributions received under this section from designated countries.
     
     "(2) ELEMENTS. — Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following for the preceding fiscal year:
     
   "(A) A list of all designated countries from which burden sharing contributions were received.
                     
   "(B) An explanation of the purpose for which each such burden sharing contribution was provided.
                     
   "(C) A description of any written agreement entered into with a designated country under this section, including the date on which the agreement was signed.
                     
   "(D) For each designated country —
                     
         "(i) the amount provided by the designated country; and
                         
         "(ii) the amount of any remaining unobligated balance.
                             
   "(E) The amount of such burden sharing contributions expended, by eligible category, including compensation for local national employees, military construction projects, and supplies and services of the Department of Defense.