PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3651 

Subtitle I—Military Family Readiness and Dependents’ Education

SEC. 581. FAMILY READINESS: DEFINITIONS; COMMUNICATION STRATEGY; REVIEW; REPORT.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—Not later than six months after the date
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-
tion with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall act
on recommendation one of the report, dated July 2019, of the
National Academies of Science, Engineering and Medicine, titled
“Strengthening the Military Family Readiness System for a
Changing American Society”, by establishing definitions of “family
well-being”, “family readiness”, and “family resilience” for use by
the Department of Defense.                                10 USC 1781 note.
                                                                Deadline.
                                                                Coordination.
(b) COMMUNICATION STRATEGY.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense,
in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments,
shall——                                                             Deadline.
                                                                Coordination.
(1) ensure that the Secretary of Defense has carried out
section 561 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 1781 note);
(2) implement a strategy to use of a variety of modes
of communication to ensure the broadest means of commu-
nicating with military families; and
(3) establish a process to measure the effectiveness of the
modes of communication described in paragraph (2).
(c) REVIEW.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a
review of current programs, policies, services, resources, and prac-
tices of the Department for military families as outlined in rec-
ommendation four of the report described in subsection (a).
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 60 days after completing the review
under subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of
Representatives a report detailing the results of the review and
how the Secretary shall improve programs, policies, services,
resources, and practices for military families, based on the review.

SEC. 582. IMPROVEMENTS TO EXCEPTIONAL FAMILY MEMBER PRO-GRAM.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1781c of title 10, United States Code
is amended—
(1) in subsection (b), by striking “enhance” and inserting
“standardize, enhance,”;
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting “and standard” after
“comprehensive”;
(3) in subsection (d)—
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking “update from time
to time” and inserting “regularly update”;
(B) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following
new subparagraphs:
“(C) Ability to request a second review of the approved
assignment within or outside the continental United States
if the member believes the location is inappropriate for the
member’s family and would cause undue hardship.
