PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3459

‘‘(ii) describing how memoranda of understanding may be used to coordinate the directed energy activities conducted by the Department of Defense using amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation; and 
‘‘(iii) proposing the establishment of specific memoranda of understanding between individual organizations and elements of the Department of Defense to facilitate such coordination;
 ‘‘(C) identify methods of quickly fielding directed energy capabilities and programs; and 
‘‘(D) develop a compendium on the effectiveness of directed energy weapon systems and integrate the compendium into an overall Joint Effectiveness Manual under the guidance from the Joint Technical Coordination Group for Munitions Effectiveness.
 ‘‘(3) HEAD OF WORKING GROUP .—The head of the Directed Energy Working Group shall be the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering or the designee of the Under Secretary. 
‘‘(4) MEMBERSHIP .—The members of the Directed Energy Working Group shall be appointed as follows: 
‘‘(A) One member from each military department, appointed by the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
‘‘(B) One member appointed by the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
‘‘(C) One member appointed by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
‘‘(D) One member appointed by the Director of the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(E) One member appointed by the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. 
‘‘(F) One member appointed by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation. 
‘‘(G) One member appointed by the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
‘‘(H) Such other members as may be appointed by the Secretary of Defense from among individuals serving in the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(5) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—Members of the Directed Energy Working Group shall be appointed not later than 30 days after the date of the establishment of the working group under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(6) BRIEFINGS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the Directed Energy Working Group shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress of each directed energy program that is being adopted or fielded by the Department of Defense.
 ‘‘(7) TERMINATION .—The Directed Energy Working Group established under this subsection shall terminate 4 years after the date of the enactment of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021.’’.