134 STAT. 4016

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.

SEC. 1299N. PAYMENT OF PASSPORT FEES FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS.

Subsection (c) of section 452 of title 37, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph:
“(4) Passport and visa fees required for foreign travel.”.

SEC. 1299O. RESUMPTION OF PEACE CORPS OPERATIONS.

Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Peace Corps shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that describes the efforts of the Peace Corps to—
(1) offer a return to service to each Peace Corps volunteer and trainee whose service ended on March 15, 2020 (or earlier, in the case of volunteers who were serving in China or Mongolia), due to the COVID–19 public health emergency;
(2) obtain approval from countries, to the extent safe and appropriate, to return volunteers and trainees to countries of service, predicated on the ability for volunteers and trainees to return safely and legally;
(3) provide adequate measures necessary for the safety and health of volunteers and trainees and develop contingency plans in the event overseas operations are disrupted by future COVID–19 outbreaks;
(4) develop and maintain a robust volunteer cohort; and 
(5) identify any need for anticipated additional appropriations or new statutory authorities and the changes in global conditions that would be necessary to achieve the goal of safely enrolling 7,300 Peace Corps volunteers during the 1-year period beginning on the date on which Peace Corps operations resume.

SEC. 1299P. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE OPEN TECHNOLOGY FUND.

(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that it is in the interest of the United States to promote global internet freedom by countering internet censorship and repressive surveillance and protect the internet as a platform for the free exchange of ideas, promotion of human rights and democracy, and advancement of a free press and to support efforts that prevent the deliberate misuse of the internet to repress individuals from exercising their rights to free speech and association, including countering the use of such technologies by authoritarian regimes.
(b) ESTABLISHMENT.—The United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 309 the following new section:

“SEC. 309A. OPEN TECHNOLOGY FUND.
“(a) AUTHORITY.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Grants authorized under section 305 shall be available to make annual grants for the purpose of promoting, consistent with United States law, unrestricted access to uncensored sources of information via the internet