PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4077

departments procuring such weapons through an acquisition program described under section 804 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note).

(F) The required force structures, including necessary training, simulators, and range use needed by the Armed Forces, to support employment of such weapons against the classes of targets that will be held at risk.

(G) With respect to the force structure of the Navy—
(i) whether such weapons should be deployed on both submarines and surface combatants; and
(ii) the number of such vessels that need to be so equipped.

(H) A basing strategy for land-based launch platforms and a description of the actions needed to be taken for future deployment of such platforms.

(3) FORM.—The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.
(c) ANNUAL REPORTS ON ACQUISITION.—
(1) ARMY AND NAVY PROGRAMS.—Except as provided by paragraph (3), not later than 30 days after the date on which the budget of the President for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2025 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the long-range hypersonic weapon program of the Army and the conventional prompt strike program of the Navy, including—
(A) the total costs to the respective military departments for such programs;
(B) the strategy for such programs with respect to manning, training, and equipping, including cost estimates; and
(C) a testing strategy and schedule for such programs.

(2) INDEPENDENT COST ESTIMATE.—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2022 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall submit to the congressional defense committees an independent cost estimate for the long-range hypersonic weapon program of the Army and the conventional prompt strike program of the Navy.

(3) TERMINATION.—The requirement to submit a report under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date on which the Secretary of Defense determines that the long-range hypersonic weapon program of the Army and the conventional prompt strike program of the Navy are unable to be acquired under the authority of section 804 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note).

SEC. 1672. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO
REPORTS ON MISSILE SYSTEMS AND ARMS CONTROL
TREATIES.

(a) LIMITATION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Beginning on the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, if the Secretary of Defense has not submitted the covered reports, not more