PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

operations, and maintenance costs for large-scale, nonintrusive inspection systems or similar technology, and associated costs for any necessary infrastructure enhancements or configuration changes at each port of entry. Such acquisition plan shall promote, to the extent practicable, opportunities for entities that qualify as small business concerns (as defined under sec- tion 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)).
(3) any projected impacts, as identified by the Commis- sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, on the total number of commercial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic entering at land ports of entry and rail-border crossings where such systems are in use, and average wait times at peak and non-peak travel times, by lane type if applicable, as scanning rates are increased.
(4) Any projected impacts, as identified by the Commis- sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, on land ports of entry and rail-border crossings border security operations as a result of implementation actions, including any changes to the number of U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers or their duties and assignments.
(d) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than one year after the submis- sion of the plan under subsection (a), and biennially thereafter for the following six years, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern- mental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that describes the progress implementing the plan that includes—
(1) an inventory of large-scale, nonintrusive inspectionsys- tems or similar technology operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection at each land port of entry;
(2) for each system or technology identified in the inventory required under paragraph (1)—
(A) the scanning method of such system or technology;
(B) the location of such system or technology at each land port of entry that specifies whether in use in pre- primary, primary, or secondary inspection area, or some combination of such areas;
(C) the percentage of commercial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic scanned by such system or technology; and
(D) seizure data directly attributed to scanned commer- cial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic;
(3) the total number of commercial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic entering at each land port of entry at which each system or technology is in use, and information on average wait times at peak and non-peak travel times, by lane type if applicable;
(4) a description of the progress towards reaching the benchmarks referred to in subsection (c)(1), and an explanation if any of such benchmarks are not achieved as planned;
(5) a comparison of actual costs (including information on any awards of associated contracts) to estimated costs set forth in subsection (c)(2);
(6) any realized impacts, as identified by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, on land ports of entry and rail-border crossings operations as a result of implementa- tion actions, including any changes to the number of U.S.