134 STAT. 4000           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

advice developed specifically for faculty and academic 
researchers based on actual identified threats; and
    ‘‘(C) includes requirements for appropriate senior offi-
cials of institutions of higher education to receive from 
appropriate Government agencies updated and periodic 
briefings that describe the espionage risks to academic 
institutions and associated personnel posed by technical 
intelligence gathering activities of near-peer strategic 
competitors.
    ‘‘(3) The capacity of Government agencies and institutions 
of higher education to assess whether individuals affiliated 
with Department of Defense programs have participated in 
or are currently participating in foreign talent programs or 
expert recruitment programs.
    ‘‘(4) Opportunities to collaborate with defense researchers 
and research organizations in secure facilities to promote 
protection of critical information and strengthen defense against 
foreign intelligence services.
    ‘‘(5) Regulations and procedures—
        ‘‘(A) for Government agencies and academic organiza-
tions and personnel to support the goals of the initiative; 
and
        ‘‘(B) that are consistent with policies that protect open 
and scientific exchange in fundamental research.
    ‘‘(6) Policies to limit or prohibit funding provided by the 
Department of Defense for institutions or individual researchers 
who knowingly violate regulations developed under the initia-
tive, including regulations relating to foreign talent programs.
    ‘‘(7) Initiatives to support the transition of the results of 
institution of higher education research programs into defense 
capabilities.
    ‘‘(8)(A) A list of academic institutions of the People’s 
Republic of China, the Russian Federation, and other countries 
that—
        ‘‘(i) have a history of improper technology transfer, 
intellectual property theft, or cyber or human espionage;
        ‘‘(ii) operate under the direction of the military forces 
or intelligence agency of the applicable country;
        ‘‘(iii) are known—
            ‘‘(I) to recruit foreign individuals for the purpose 
of transferring knowledge to advance military or intel-
ligence efforts; or
            ‘‘(II) to provide misleading information or other-
wise attempt to conceal the connections of an individual 
or institution to a defense or an intelligence agency 
of the applicable country; or
            ‘‘(iv) pose a serious risk of improper technology transfer 
of data, technology, or research that is not published or 
publicly available.
    ‘‘(B) The list described in subparagraph (A) shall be devel-
oped and continuously updated in consultation with the Bureau 
of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce, the 
Director of National Intelligence, United States institutions 
of higher education that conduct significant Department of 
Defense research or engineering activities, and other appro-
priate individuals and organizations.