134 STAT. 3588      PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

    “(3) Activities that improve the quality of educational mate-
rials, training opportunities, and curricula available to students
and instructors in covered subjects.
    “(4) Development of travel opportunities, demonstrations,
mentoring programs, and informal education in covered subjects
for students and instructors.
    “(5) Students’ pursuit of certifications in covered subjects.
    “(d) PREFERENCE.—In making any grants under this section,
the Secretary shall give preference to eligible entities that are
eligible for assistance under part A of title I of the Elementary
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.).
    “(e) EVALUATIONS.—In carrying out a program under this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall establish outcome-based metrics and
internal and external assessments to evaluate the merits and bene-
fits of the activities funded with grants under this section with
respect to the needs of the Department of Defense.
    “(f) AUTHORITIES.—In carrying out a program under this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, make use of
the authorities under chapter 111 and sections 2601 and 2605
of this title, and other authorities the Secretary determines appro-
priate.
    “(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
        “(1) The term ‘eligible entity’ means a local education
    agency that hosts a unit of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training
    Corps.
        “(2) The term ‘covered subjects’ means—
            “(A) science;
            “(B) technology;
            “(C) engineering;
            “(D) mathematics;
            “(E) computer science;
            “(F) computational thinking;
            “(G) artificial intelligence;
            “(H) machine learning;
            “(I) data science;
            “(J) cybersecurity;
            “(K) robotics;
            “(L) health sciences; and
            “(M) other subjects determined by the Secretary of
        Defense to be related to science, technology, engineering,
        and mathematics.”.
    (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the
beginning of chapter 102 of such title is amended by adding
at the end the following new item:

“2036. Grants to support science, technology, engineering, and mathematics edu-
     cation.”.

    (b) REPORT.—Not later than two years after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to
the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of
Representatives a report on any activities carried out under section
2036 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)).

SEC. 514. PERMANENT SUICIDE PREVENTION AND RESILIENCE PRO-
        GRAM FOR THE RESERVE COMPONENTS.

Section 10219 of title 10, United States Code, is amended 
by striking subsection (h).