PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3391

Sec. 272. Modification to Test Resource Management Center strategic plan reporting cycle and contents.
Sec. 273. Modification of requirements relating to energetics plan to include assessment of feasibility and advisability of establishing a program office for energetics.
Sec. 274. Element in annual reports on cyber science and technology activities on work with academic consortia on high priority cybersecurity research activities in Department of Defense capabilities.
Sec. 275. Repeal of quarterly updates on the Optionally Manned Fighting Vehicle program.
Sec. 276. Microelectronics and national security.
Sec. 277. Independent evaluation of personal protective and diagnostic testing equipment.
Sec. 278. Assessment on United States national security emerging biotechnology efforts and capabilities and comparison with adversaries.
Sec. 279. Annual reports regarding the SBIR program of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 280. Reports on F–35 physiological episodes and mitigation efforts.
Sec. 281. Review and report on next generation air dominance capabilities.
Sec. 282. Plan for operational test and utility evaluation of systems for Low-Cost Attributable Aircraft Technology program.
Sec. 283. Independent comparative analysis of efforts by China and the United States to recruit and retain researchers in national security-related and defense-related fields.

TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations

Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations.
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment

Sec. 311. Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Clearinghouse for review of mission impacts of energy projects.
Sec. 312. Department of Defense Environmental Protection Integration Program.
Sec. 313. Extension of real-time sound monitoring at Navy installations where tactical fighter aircraft operate.
Sec. 314. Modification of authority for environmental restoration projects of National Guard.
Sec. 315. Modification of authority to carry out military installation resilience projects.
Sec. 316. Energy resilience and energy security measures on military installations.
Sec. 317. Modification to availability of energy cost savings for Department of Defense.
Sec. 318. Increased transparency through reporting on usage and spills of aqueous film-forming foam at military installations.
Sec. 319. Army large land and installations modernization program.
Sec. 320. Study on alternatives to address impacts of transboundary flows, spills, or discharges of pollution or debris from the Tijuana River on personnel, activities, and installations of Department of Defense.
Sec. 321. Pilot program on alternative fuel vehicle purchasing.
Sec. 322. Budgeting of Department of Defense relating to operational energy improvement.
Sec. 323. Assessment of Department of Defense operational energy usage.
Sec. 324. Improvement of the Operational Energy Capability Improvement Fund of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 325. Five-year review of containment technologies relating to Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility.
Sec. 326. Limitation on use of funds for acquisition of furnished energy for Rhine Ordnance Barracks Army Medical Center.
Sec. 327. Requirement to update Department of Defense adaptation roadmap.
Sec. 328. Department of Defense report on greenhouse gas emissions levels.
Sec. 329. Objectives, performance standards, and criteria for use of wildlife conservation banking programs.
Sec. 330. Prizes for development of non-PFAS-containing fire-fighting agent.
Sec. 331. Survey of technologies for Department of Defense application in phasing out the use of fluorinated aqueous film-forming foam.
Sec. 332. Interagency body on research related to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
Sec. 333. Restriction on Department of Defense procurement of certain items containing perfluorooctane sulfonate or perfluorooctanoic acid.
Sec. 334. Research and development of alternative to aqueous film-forming foam.