134 STAT. 4530              PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(C) Adoptability, including methods to allow the United States Government and industry to take advantage of artificial intelligence systems for security or law enforcement purposes while at the same time ensuring the potential abuse of such technologies is sufficiently mitigated.
(D) Legal standards, including those designed to ensure the use of artificial intelligence systems are consistent with the privacy rights, civil rights and civil liberties, and disability rights issues raised by the use of these technologies.
(f) REPORTS.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 3 years thereafter, the Advisory Committee shall submit to the President, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, a report on the Advisory Committee's findings and recommendations under subsection (d) and subsection (e).
(g) TRAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL MEMBERS.—Non-Federal members of the Advisory Committee, while attending meetings of the Advisory Committee or while otherwise serving at the request of the head of the Advisory Committee away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals serving without Government serving without pay. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the Advisory Committee who are officers or employees of the United States serving from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with existing law.
(h) FACA EXEMPTION.—The Secretary of Commerce shall charter the Advisory Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), except that the Advisory Committee shall be exempt from section 14 of such Act.

SEC. 5105. NATIONAL ACADEMIES ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IMPACT STUDY ON WORKFORCE.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the National Science Foundation shall enter into a contract with the with the National Research Council of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to conduct a study of the current and future impact of artificial intelligence on the workforce of the United States across sectors.
(b) CONTENTS.—The study shall address—
(1) workforce impacts across sectors caused by the increased adoption of artificial intelligence, automation, and other related trends;
(2) workforce needs and employment opportunities generated by the increased adoption of artificial intelligence across sectors;
(3) research gaps and data needed to better understand and track paragraphs (1) and (2); and