PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021           134 STAT. 4777

techniques, to fabricate or manipulate audio, visual, or text content with the intent to mislead.
SEC. 9005. GAO STUDY OF CYBERSECURITY INSURANCE.

(a) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to assess and analyze the state and availability of insurance coverage in the United States for cybersecurity risks, including by—
     (1) identifying the number and dollar volume of cyber insurance policies currently in force and the percentage of businesses, and specifically small businesses, that have cyber insurance coverage;
     (2) assessing the extent to which States have established minimum standards for the scope of cyber insurance policies; and
     (3) identifying any barriers to modeling and underwriting cybersecurity risks.
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report setting forth the findings and conclusions of the study conducted under subsection (a), including—
     (1) recommendations on whether intervention by the Federal Government would help facilitate the growth and development of insurers offering coverage for cybersecurity risks; and
     (2) a discussion of the availability and affordability of such coverage and policyholder education regarding such coverage.

SEC. 9006. STRATEGY TO SECURE EMAIL.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop and submit to Congress a strategy, including recommendations, to implement across all United States-based email providers Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and Conformance standard at scale.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include the following:
     (1) A recommendation for the minimum-size threshold for United States-based email providers for applicability of Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and Conformance.
     (2) A description of the security and privacy benefits of implementing the Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and Conformance standard at scale, including recommendations for national security exemptions, as appropriate, as well as the burdens of such implementation and an identification of the entities on which such burdens would most likely fall.
     (3) An identification of key United States and international stakeholders associated with such implementation.
     (4) An identification of any barriers to such implementation, including a cost-benefit analysis where feasible.
     (5) An initial estimate of the total cost to the Federal Government and implementing entities in the private sector of such implementation, including recommendations for defraying such costs, if applicable.
(c) CONSULTATION.—In developing the strategy and recommendations under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security may, as appropriate, consult with representatives from the information technology sector.