PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021            134 STAT. 4393

future of computing beyond exascale computing to meet national security needs at the National Nuclear Security Administration.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The review required by subsection (a) shall address the following:
(1) Future computing needs of the National Nuclear Security Administration that exascale computing will not accomplish Time period. during the 20 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(2) Computing architectures that potentially can meet those needs, including—
(A) classical computing architectures employed as of such date of enactment;
(B) quantum computing architectures and other novel computing architectures;
(C) hybrid combinations of classical and quantum com- puting architectures; and
(D) other architectures as necessary.
(3) The development of software for the computing architectures described in paragraph (2).
(4) The maturity of the computing architectures described in paragraph (2) and the software described in paragraph (3), with key obstacles that must be overcome for the employment of such architectures and software.
(5) The secure industrial base that exists as of the date of the enactment of this Act to meet the unique needs of computing at the National Nuclear Security Administration, including needs with respect to—
(A) personnel;
(B) microelectronics; and
(C) other appropriate matters.
(c) INFORMATION AND CLEARANCES.—The Administrator shall ensure that personnel of the National Academy of Sciences overseeing the implementation of the agreement required by subsection (a) or conducting the review required by that subsection receive, in a timely manner, access to information and necessary security clearances to enable the conduct of the review.
(d) REPORT REQUIRED.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the National Academy of Sciences shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the review required by subsection (a).
(2) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex.
(e) EXASCALE COMPUTING DEFINED.—In this section, the term “exascale computing” means computing through the use of a com- puting machine that performs near or above 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per second.

SEC. 3173. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE AGREEMENT SUSPENDING THE ANTIDUMPING INVESTIGATION ON URANIUM FROM THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION.
It is the sense of Congress that the Agreement Suspending the Antidumping Investigation on Uranium from the Russian Fed- eration, dated October 16, 1992, as most recently amended by an agreement signed by the United States Department of Commerce and the State Atomic Energy Corporation Rosatom of the Russian