134 STAT. 3602    PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

    ‘‘(i) the manner in which to file a confidential report with a Sexual Assault Response Coordinator or a Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Victim Advocate; and
    ‘‘(ii) options available pursuant to such reporting, including a Restricted Report or Unrestricted Report, and participation in the Catch a Serial Offender Program.
    ‘‘(D) The services and assistance available to the member in connection with the complaint and the alleged sexual harassment.
‘‘(c) EDUCATION AND TRACKING.—The Secretary of Defense shall—
    ‘‘(1) educate members under the jurisdiction of the Secretaries of the military departments regarding the process established under this section; and
    ‘‘(2) track complaints alleged pursuant to the process.
‘‘(d) REPORTS.—Not later than April 30, 2023, and April 30 every two years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing data on the complaints of sexual harassment alleged pursuant to the process under subsection (a) during the previous two calendar years. Any data on such complaints shall not contain any personally identifiable informa-
10 USC 1561 prec.
tion.’’.
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 80 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1561b the following new item:
‘‘1561b. Confidential reporting of sexual harassment.’’.
(b) PLAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan for the implementation of the process for confidential reporting of sexual harassment required by section 1561b of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)). The plan shall include the date on which the process is anticipated to be fully implemented.
(c) PLAN FOR ACCESS TO CONFIDENTIAL REPORTS TO IDENTIFY SERIAL HARASSERS.—Not later than one year after the implementation of the process for confidential reporting of sexual harassment required by section 1561b of title 10, United States Code (as so added), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan to allow an individual who files a confidential report of sexual harassment pursuant to the process to elect to permit a military criminal investigative organization to access certain information in the confidential report, including identifying information of the alleged perpetrator (if available), for the purpose of identifying individuals who are suspected of multiple incidents of sexual harassments, without such access affecting the confidential nature of the confidential report. The report shall specify the information to be accessible by criminal investigative organizations pursuant to the plan.