PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3497

(5) An analysis of the size of a program required to advance the competitiveness of the research, development, test, and evaluation efforts of the Department in the critical technologies identified in the National Defense Strategy.
(6) The type and amount of resources required to implement the program described in subsection (a).

(c) REPORTS.— 
(1) INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan of the Secretary to execute the study required under subsection (a). 
(2) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than February 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a).

(d) COVERED INDIVIDUAL DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘covered individual’’ means an individual who—
(1) is engaged in work to promote and protect the national security of the United States;
(2) is engaged in basic or applied research, funded by the Department of Defense; and 
(3) possesses scientific or technical expertise that will advance the development of critical technologies identified in the National Defense Strategy or the National Defense Science and Technology Strategy, required by section 218 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1679).

Subtitle E—Sustainable Chemistry

SEC. 261. NATIONAL COORDINATING ENTITY FOR SUSTAINABLE CHEM­ISTRY. 15 USC 9301.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this title, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall convene an interagency entity (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Entity’’) under the National Science and Technology Council with the responsibility to coordinate Fed­eral programs and activities in support of sustainable chemistry, including those described in sections 263 and 264.

(b) COORDINATION WITH EXISTING GROUPS.—In convening the Entity, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall consider overlap and possible coordination with existing committees, subcommittees, or other groups of the National Science and Technology Council, such as—
(1) the Committee on Environment;
(2) the Committee on Technology;
(3) the Committee on Science; or 
(4) related groups or subcommittees.

(c) CO-CHAIRS.—The Entity shall be co-chaired by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and a representative from the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the National Science Foundation, or the Department of Energy, as selected by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.