134 STAT. 4054        PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“No civil action may be brought against the United States
on the basis of the content of geospatial information prepared
or disseminated by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.’’.

(f) DEFINITIONS.—Section 467 of title 10, United States Code,
is amended—
  (1) in paragraph (4)—
    (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by
    inserting ‘‘or about’’ after ‘‘boundaries on’’;
    (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘statistical’’; and
    (C) in subparagraph (B)—
      (i) by striking ‘‘geodetic’’ and inserting ‘‘geomatics’’;
      and 
     (ii) by inserting ‘‘and services’’ after ‘‘products’’;
    and
  (2) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘or about’’ after ‘‘activities
  on’’.

(g) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—
  (1) IN GENERAL.—The heading of subchapter II of chapter
  22 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking
  ‘‘GEODETIC’’ and inserting ‘‘GEOMATICS’’.
  (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of subchapters at
  the beginning of chapter 22 of title 10, United States Code,
  is amended in the matter relating to subchapter II by striking
  ‘‘Geodetic’’ and inserting ‘‘Geomatics’’.

10 USC 451 prec.

10 USC 441 prec.
Coordination. Contracts. 

SEC. 1622. NATIONAL ACADEMIES CLIMATE SECURITY ROUNDTABLE.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of National Intelligence, in
coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence
and Security, shall enter into a joint agreement with the Academies
to create a new ‘‘National Academies Climate Security Roundtable’’
(in this section referred to as the ‘‘roundtable’’).
(b) PARTICIPANTS.—The roundtable shall include—
  (1) the members of the Climate Security Advisory Council
  established under section 120 of the National Security Act
  of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3060);
  (2) senior representatives and practitioners from Federal
  science agencies, elements of the intelligence community, and
  the Department of Defense, who are not members of the
  Council; and
  (3) key stakeholders in the United States scientific enter-
  prise, including institutions of higher education, Federal
  research laboratories (including the national security labora-
  tories), industry, and nonprofit research organizations.
(c) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the roundtable is—
  (1) to support the duties and responsibilities of the Climate
  Security Advisory Council under section 120(c) of the National
  Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3060(c));
  (2) to develop best practices for the exchange of data,
  knowledge, and expertise among elements of the intelligence
  community, elements of the Federal Government that are not
  elements of the intelligence community, and non-Federal
  researchers;
   (3) to facilitate dialogue and collaboration about relevant
  collection and analytic priorities among participants of the
  roundtable with respect to climate security;
   (4) to identify relevant gaps in the exchange of data, knowl-
  edge, or expertise among participants of the roundtable with