PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3629

“(1) The number of officers and enlisted members of the armed forces, including the reserve components, disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, for each grade in each armed force.

“(2) The number of members of the armed forces, including the reserve components, who were promoted during the fiscal year covered by such report, disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, for each grade in each armed force, and of the number so promoted, the number promoted below, in, and above the applicable promotion zone.

“(3) The number of members of the armed forces, including the reserve components, who were enlisted or accessed into the armed forces during the fiscal year covered by such report, disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, in each armed force.

“(4) The number of graduates of each military service academy during the fiscal year covered by such report, disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, for each military department and the United States Coast Guard.

“(5) The number of members of the armed forces, including the reserve components, who reenlisted or otherwise extended a commitment to military service during the fiscal year covered by such report, disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, for each grade in each armed force.

“(6) An assessment of the pool of officers best qualified for promotion to grades O–9 and O–10, disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, in each military department and the United States Coast Guard.
Assessment.

“(7) Any other matter the Secretary considers appropriate.”.
(2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS.—Not later than 72 Deadline. hours after submitting to the congressional defense committees Web posting. a report required by subsection (m) of section 113 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by paragraph (1)), the Secretary of Defense shall make the report available on an Internet website of the Department of Defense available to the public. In so making a report available, the Secretary shall ensure that any data included in the report is made available in a machine-readable format that is downloadable, searchable, and sortable.
Data.

(3) CONSTRUCTION OF METRICS.—

(A) WITH MERIT-BASED PROCESSES.—Any metric estab- 10 USC 113 note. lished pursuant to subsection (l) of section 113 of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), may not be used in a manner that undermines the merit-based processes of the Department of Defense and the Coast Guard, including such processes for accession, retention, and promotion.

(B) WITH OTHER MATTERS.—Any such metric may not be used to identify or specify specific quotas based upon diversity characteristics. The Secretary concerned shall continue to account for diversified language and cultural skills among the total force of the Armed Forces.
(4) REPEAL OF SUPERSEDED REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Sec- tion 115a of title 10, United States Code, is amended—

(A) by striking subsection (g); and

(B) by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (g). 