PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 4717

traffic service watchfloor at those vessel traffic service cen- ters for which it is determined feasible and beneficial pursuant to research conducted under subparagraph (A).
‘‘(i) INCLUSION OF IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM ON CERTAIN VES-
SELS.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee shall advise and provide recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to the practicability, economic costs, regulatory burden, and navigational impact of outfitting vessels lacking independent means of propulsion that carry flammable, combustible, or hazardous liquid cargo with vessel automatic identification systems.
‘‘(2) REGULATIONS.—Based on the evaluation under para- graph (1), the Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as the Secretary considers appropriate to establish requirements relating to the outfitting of vessels described in such subpara- graph with vessel automatic identification systems.
‘‘(j) PERIODIC REVIEW OF VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE NEEDS.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Based on the performance evaluation conducted under subsection (e) and the risk assessment con- ducted under subsection (f), the Secretary shall periodically review vessel traffic service areas to determine—
‘‘(A) if there are any additional vessel traffic service needs in those areas; and 
‘‘(B) if a vessel traffic service area should be moved or modified. 
‘‘(2) INFORMATION TO BE ASSESSED.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall ensure that a review conducted under paragraph (1) includes an assess- ment of the following: 
‘‘(i) Volume of vessel traffic, categorized by type of vessel. 
‘‘(ii) Total volume of flammable, combustible, or hazardous liquid cargo transported, categorized by vessel type as provided in the Notice of Arrival, if applicable, or as determined by other means. 
‘‘(iii) Data on near miss incidents. 
‘‘(iv) Data on marine casualties.
‘‘(v) Geographic locations for near-miss incidents and marine casualties, including latitude and lon- gitude. 
‘‘(vi) Cyclical risk factors such as weather, seasonal water body currents, tides, bathymetry, and topog- raphy.
‘‘(vii) Weather data, in coordination with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
‘‘(3) STAKEHOLDER INPUT.—In conducting the periodic reviews under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall seek input from port and waterway stakeholders to identify areas of increased vessel conflicts or marine casualties that could benefit from the use of routing measures or vessel traffic service special areas to improve safety, port security, and environmental protection.
‘‘(4) DISCLOSURE.—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall de-identify information prior to release to the public, including near miss incidents.