PUBLIC LAW 116-283-JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 4863

(A) the implementation of the amendments made by this Act;
(B) any challenges related to integrating the territories of the United States into the AMBER Alert system;
(C) the readiness, educational, technological, and training needs of territorial law enforcement agencies in responding to cases involving missing, abducted, or exploited children; and
(D) any other related matters the Attorney General or the Secretary of Transportation determines appropriate.
(2) REPORT REQUIRED.—The Comptroller General shall submit a report on the findings of the study required under paragraph (1) to—
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate;
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and
(C) each of the delegates or resident commissioner to the House of Representatives from American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States.
(3) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The Comptroller General shall make the report required under paragraph (2) available on a public Government website.
(4) OBTAINING OFFICIAL DATA.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General may secure information necessary to conduct the study under paragraph (1) directly from any Federal agency and from any territorial government receiving grant funding under the PROTECT Act. Upon request of the Comptroller General, the head of a Federal agency or territorial government shall furnish the requested information to the Comptroller General.
(B) AGENCY RECORDS.—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), nothing in this subsection shall require a Federal agency or any territorial government to produce records subject to a common law evidentiary privilege. Records and information shared with the Comptroller General shall continue to be subject to withholding under sections 552 and 552a of title 5, United States Code. The Comptroller General is obligated to give the information the same level of confidentiality and protection required of the Federal agency or territorial government. The Comptroller General may be requested to sign a nondisclosure or other agreement as a condition of gaining access to sensitive or proprietary data to which the Comptroller General is entitled.
(C) PRIVACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.—The Comptroller General, and any Federal agency and any territorial government that provides information to the Comptroller General, shall take such actions as are necessary to ensure the protection of the personal information of a minor.

SEC. 10002. IMPROVING AUTHORITY FOR OPERATION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES.

Section 350 of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115-254; 49 U.S.C. 44809 note) is amended—