PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021            134 STAT. 3655

later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, 
each Secretary of a military department shall submit to Congress 
a report on the military installations under the jurisdiction of 
such Secretary with an extreme imbalance between demand for 
child care and availability of child care. Each report shall include, 
for the military department covered by such report, the following:
(1) The name of the five installations of the military depart-
     ment experiencing the most extreme imbalance between 
     demand for child care and availability of child care.
(2) For each installation named pursuant to subparagraph (A), the following:
(A) An assessment whether civilian employees at child 
     development centers at such installation have rates of pay 
     and benefits that are competitive with other civilian 
     employees on such installation and with the civilian labor 
     pool in the vicinity of such installation.
(B) A description and assessment of various incentives 
     to encourage military spouses to become providers under 
     the Family Child Care program at such installation.
(C) Such recommendations as the Secretary of the mili-
     tary department concerned considers appropriate to 
     address the imbalance between demand for child care and 
     availability of child care at such installation, including 
     recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of civil-
     ian child care positions at such installation with other civilian 
     positions at such installation and the civilian labor pool 
     in the vicinity of such installation.

SEC. 586. EXPANSION OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE UNDER MY CAREER 
ADVANCEMENT ACCOUNT PROGRAM.

Section 580F of the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92) is amended—
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) PROFESSIONAL LICENSE OR CERTIFI-
    CATION; ASSOCIATE’S DEGREE.—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’;
(2) by inserting ‘‘or maintenance (including continuing edu-
    cation courses)’’ after ‘‘pursuit’’; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(b) NATIONAL TESTING.—Financial assistance under subsection 
    (a) may be applied to the costs of national tests that may earn 
    a participating military spouse course credits required for a degree 
    approved under the program (including the College Level Examina-
    tion Program tests).’’

SEC. 587. IMPROVEMENTS TO PARTNER CRITERIA OF THE MILITARY 
SPOUSE EMPLOYMENT PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM.

(a) EVALUATION; UPDATES.—Not later than 180 days after the 
     date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall 
     evaluate the partner criteria set forth in the Military Spouse 
     Employment Partnership Program (in this section referred to as 
     the ‘‘MSEP Program’’) and implement updates that the Secretary 
     determines will improve such criteria without diminishing the need 
     for partners to exhibit sound business practices, broad diversity 
     efforts, and relative financial stability. Such updates may expand 
     the number of the following entities that meet such criteria:
(1) Institutions of primary, secondary, and higher edu-
     cation.
(2) Software and coding companies.
(3) Local small businesses.