134 STAT. 3950 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term  “appropriate congressional committees” means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (d) SUNSET.—The limitation in subsection (b) shall terminate on September 30, 2021.
SEC. 1246. REPORT ON UNITED STATES MILITARY FORCE POSTURE IN SOUTHEASTERN EUROPE.
(a) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of United States European Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on United States military force posture in the Southeastern Europe region, including the Eastern Mediterranean and Black Sea. 
(b) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description and assessment of the strategic significance of Russia's and China's military posture and activities in the region. (2) A description of the current presence, including the permanently stationed, rotational, and contingency rotational presence, and any agreements in place governing United States Armed Forces in the region. (3) An assessment of the strategic and operational significance of the Eastern Mediterranean and Black Sea for contingency plans of the Department of Defense. (4) An assessment of United States military force posture needs in the region to implement the Department of Defense Black Sea strategy in accordance with the provisions of the Report of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives to Accompany H.R. 2500 (116th Congress; House Report 116-120). 
(5) An assessment of the value, cost, and feasibility of increasing permanently stationed or rotational deployments of the United States Armed Forces in the region, to include assessments of posture in Greece, Romania, Bulgaria, and other relevant locations, and an assessment of available infrastructure and any infrastructure improvements that would be necessary to support such an increase. 
(c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in a classified form and include an unclassified summary.
SEC. 1247. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT FOR COORDINATED ACTION TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF BALTIC ALLIES.
It is the sense of Congress that—(1) maintaining the security of the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania is critical to achieving United States national security objectives; (2) the Baltic states play a crucial role in strategic efforts to deter Russia, maintain the collective security of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) alliance, and stregthen bilateral and multilateral defense; and