134 STAT. 3720       PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

    (3) The frequency with which training exercises occur 
involving the use of such helicopters and ambulances.
    (4) The planning factors associated with ensuring that the
capabilities provided by such helicopters and ambulances are
readily available and the contingency plans that may involve
the use of helicopters or ambulances provided by allies of the
United States or host countries.
(c) COVERED MILITARY INSTALLATION DEFINED.—In this section,
the term ‘‘covered military installation’’ means each military
installation outside the United States at which the Secretary antici-
pates the United States will have an enduring presence.

SEC. 754. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON PRENATAL AND 
POSTPARTUM MENTAL HEALTH CONDITIONS AMONG MEM-
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR DEPENDENTS.
Assessments.

(a) STUDY.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall conduct a study on prenatal and postpartum mental
health conditions among members of the Armed Forces and
the dependents of such members.
    (2) ELEMENTS.—The study under paragraph (1) shall 
include the following:
        (A) An assessment of—
            (i) the extent to which beneficiaries under the 
TRICARE program, including members of the Armed
Forces and the dependents of such members, are
diagnosed with—
                (I) prenatal or postpartum depression;
                (II) prenatal or postpartum anxiety disorder;
                (III) prenatal or postpartum obsessive compul-
sive disorder;
                (IV) prenatal or postpartum psychosis; and
                (V) other relevant mood disorders; and
            (ii) the extent to which data is collected on the 
prenatal or postpartum mental health conditions speci-
fied under clause (i).
        (B) A demographic assessment of the population 
included in the study with respect to race, ethnicity, sex,
age, relationship status, military service, military occupa-
tion, and rank, where applicable.
        (C) An assessment of the status of prenatal and
postpartum mental health care for beneficiaries under the 
TRICARE program, including those who seek care at mili-
tary medical treatment facilities and those who rely on
civilian providers.
        (D) An assessment of the ease or delay for beneficiaries
under the TRICARE program in obtaining treatment for
prenatal and postpartum mental health conditions,
including—
            (i) an assessment of wait times for mental health
treatment at each military medical treatment facility;
and
            (ii) a description of the reasons such beneficiaries 
may cease seeking such treatment.
        (E) A comparison of the rates of prenatal or postpartum 
mental health conditions within the military community