PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

United States and other countries, consistent with the protec-
tion of the civil rights, civil liberties, and privacy of all Ameri-
cans; and
(5) An evaluation of the actions the United States Govern-
ment should consider in response to the activities of the United
Front Work Department in the United States and other coun-
tries.
(b) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In
this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’
means—
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee
on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on
Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of
Representatives.

SEC. 1260H. PUBLIC REPORTING OF CHINESE MILITARY COMPANIES
OPERATING IN THE UNITED STATES.

(a) DETERMINATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall identify
each entity the Secretary determines, based on the most recent
information available, is operating directly or indirectly in the
United States or any of its territories and possessions, that is
a Chinese military company.
(b) REPORTING AND PUBLICATION.—
(1) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than April 15, 2021, and
annually thereafter until December 31, 2030, the Secretary
shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate
and the House of Representatives a list of each entity identified
pursuant to subsection (a) to be a Chinese military company,
in classified and unclassified forms, and shall include in such
submission, as applicable, an explanation of any entities deleted
from such list with respect to a prior list.
(2) CONCURRENT PUBLICATION.—Concurrent with the
submission of each list described in paragraph (1), the Secretary
shall publish the unclassified portion of such list in the Federal
Register.
(3) ONGOING REVISIONS.—The Secretary shall make addi-
tions or deletions to the most recent list submitted under para-
graph (1) on an ongoing basis based on the latest information
available.
(c) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary may consult with the head
of any appropriate Federal department or agency in making the
determinations described in subsection (a) and shall transmit a
copy of each list submitted under subsection (b)(1) to the heads
of each appropriate Federal department and agency.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) CHINESE MILITARY COMPANY.—The term ‘‘Chinese mili-
tary company’’—
(A) does not include natural persons; and
(B) means an entity that is—
(i)(I) directly or indirectly owned, controlled, or
beneficially owned by, or in an official or unofficial
capacity acting as an agent of or on behalf of, the
People’s Liberation Army or any other organization