PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 4587

        ‘‘(4) STATE BANK SUPERVISOR.—The term ‘State bank super-
    visor’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the
    Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813).
        ‘‘(5) STATE CREDIT UNION SUPERVISOR.—The term ‘State
    credit union supervisor’ means a State official described in
    section 107(a)(6) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C.
    1757a(e)).’’.

SEC. 6305. ASSESSMENT OF BANK SECRECY ACT NO-ACTION LETTERS.
    (a) ASSESSMENT.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Director, in consultation with the
    Attorney General, the Federal functional regulators, State bank
    supervisors, State credit union supervisors, and other Federal
    agencies, as appropriate, shall conduct an assessment on
    whether to establish a process for the issuance of no-action
    letters by FinCEN in response to inquiries from persons con-
    cerning the application of the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA
    PATRIOT Act (Public Law 107–56; 115 Stat. 272), section 8(s)
    of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(s)), or
    any other anti-money laundering or countering the financing
    of terrorism law (including regulations) to specific conduct,
    including a request for a statement as to whether FinCEN
    or any relevant Federal functional regulator intends to take
    an enforcement action against the person with respect to such
    conduct.
        (2) ANALYSIS.—The assessment required under paragraph
    (1) shall include an analysis of—
            (A) a timeline for the process used to reach a final
        determination by FinCEN, in consultation with the rel-
        evant Federal functional regulators, in response to a
        request by a person for a no-action letter;
            (B) whether improvements in current processes are
        necessary;
            (C) whether a formal no-action letter process would
        help to mitigate or accentuate illicit finance risks in the
        United States; and
            (D) any other matter the Secretary determines is
        appropriate.
    (b) REPORT AND RULEMAKINGS.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination
with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the
Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the
Federal functional regulators, shall—
        (1) submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and
    Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial
    Services of the House of Representatives a report that contains
    all findings and determinations made in carrying out the assess-
    ment required under subsection (a); and
        (2) propose rulemakings, if appropriate, to implement the
    findings and determinations described in paragraph (1).

SEC. 6306. COOPERATION WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—
        (1) AMENDMENT TO TITLE 31.—Subchapter II of chapter
    53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at
    the end the following: