134 STAT. 4340 PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Reimbursement. (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED.—The Secretary of the Army shall require the State to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the conveyance, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the State in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State.

Refund. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED.—Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance or, if the period of availability for obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account.

Determination. (f) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army.

(g) SAVINGS PROVISION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alleviate, alter, or affect the responsibility of the United States for cleanup and remediation of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) in accordance with the Defense Environmental Restoration Program under section 2701 of title 10, United States Code, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.).

Requirements.  (h) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—The Secretary of the Army may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. Consultation. These additional terms may include a requirement for the State to consult with the Secretary of the Navy regarding use of the conveyed property.

SEC. 2832. MODIFICATION OF LAND EXCHANGE INVOLVING NAVAL INDUSTRIAL RESERVE ORDNANCE PLANT, SUNNYVALE, CALIFORNIA.

(a) ELEMENTS OF EXCHANGE.—Section 2841(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1860) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following new paragraphs:

Florida.       (1) real property, including improvements thereon, located in Titusville, Florida, that will replace the NIROP and meet the readiness requirements of the Department of the Navy, as determined by the Secretary; and

Determination. (2) reimbursement for the costs of relocation of contractor and Government personnel and equipment from the NIROP to the replacement facilities, to the extent specified in the land exchange agreement contemplated in subsection (b).".

(b) ELEMENTS OF LAND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT.—Section 2841(b)(1) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal