134 STAT. 3492          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
                     
                                          
                                              (3)  at least one activity of each military department, as identified by the Secretary of the department concerned; and
                                              (4) such other organizations and elements of the Depart-ment of Defense as the Secretary determines appropriate.
                        (d) REPORT .—Not later than two years after the commencement of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the program. At a minimum, the report shall—
                                          
                      Assessment.
                                            (1) describe how the use of electronic portfolios in the hiring process affected the timeliness of the hiring process for technical positions in organizations of the Department of Defense participating in the program;
                                            (2) assess the level of satisfaction of organization leaders, hiring authorities, and subject matter experts with the quality of applicants who were hired based on evaluations of electronic portfolios;
                                            (3) identify other job series that could benefit from the use of electronic portfolios in the hiring process;
                                          
                     Recommendations.
                                            (4) recommend whether the use of electronic portfolios in the hiring process should be expanded or made permanent; and
                                          
                     Recommendations.
                                            (5) recommend any statutory, regulatory, or policy changes required to support the goals of the pilot program under sub-section (a).
                     (e) TECHNICAL POSITION DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘technical position’’ means a position in the Department of Defense that—
                                                   (1) requires expertise in artificial intelligence, data science, or software development; and
                                                   (2) is eligible for direct hire authority under section 9905 of title 5, United States Code, or section 2358a of title 10, United States Code.
                     (f) TERMINATION.—The authority to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.
                     
10 USC 2001 note prec.                                           SEC. 248. PILOT PROGRAM ON SELF-DIRECTED TRAINING IN 
                     
List.                                        ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES.
                                               (a) ONLINE COURSES.—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary makes available a list of approved online courses relating to advanced technologies that may be taken by civilian employees of the Department of Defense and members of the Armed Forces on a voluntary basis while not engaged in the performance of their official duties.
                                               (b) PROCEDURES.—The Secretary shall establish procedures for the development, selection, approval, adoption, and evaluation of online courses under subsection (a) to ensure that such courses are supportive of the goals of this section and overall goals for the training and education of the civilian and military workforce of the Department of Defense.
                                              (c) DOCUMENTATION OF COMPLETION.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a system—
                                                      (1) to confirm whether a civilian employee of the Depart-ment of Defense or member of the Armed Forces has completed an online course approved by the Secretary under subsection (a); and