134 STAT. 3568		PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

apply to the report and proceedings of a promotion board convened under section 611(a) of this title.
President.
		
‘‘(f) APPOINTMENT OF PERSONS.—(1) If the report of a special selection review board convened under this section recommends the sustainment of the recommendation for promotion to the next higher grade of a person whose name was referred to it for review under this section, and the President approves the report, the person shall, as soon as practicable, be appointed to that grade in accordance with subsections (b) and (c) of section 624 of this title.
		‘‘(2) A person who is appointed to the next higher grade as described in paragraph (1) shall, upon that appointment, have the same date of rank, the same effective date for the pay and allowances of that grade, and the same position on the active- duty list as the person would have had pursuant to the original recommendation for promotion of the promotion board concerned.
		‘‘(g) REGULATIONS.—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. Such regulations shall apply uniformly across the military departments.
Applicability.		
		‘‘(2) Any regulation prescribed by the Secretary of a military department to supplement the regulations prescribed pursuant to paragraph (1) may not take effect without the approval of the Secretary of Defense, in writing.
		‘‘(h) PROMOTION BOARD DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘promotion board’ means a selection board convened by the Secretary of a military department under section 611(a) of this title.’’.	
10 USC 627 prec.		
	(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 36 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 628 the following new item:

‘‘628a. Special selection review boards.’’.

	(3) DELAY IN PROMOTION.—Section 624(d) of such title is amended—
		(A) in paragraph (1)—
			(i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end;
			(ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and
			(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph (F):
Determination.		‘‘(F) The Secretary of the military department concerned determines that credible information of an adverse nature, including a substantiated adverse finding or conclusion described in section 615(a)(3)(A) of this title, with respect to the officer will result in the convening of a special selection review board under section 628a of this title to review the officer and recommend whether the recommendation for promotion of the officer should be sustained.’’;
		(B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively;
		(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3):
			‘‘(3) In the case of an officer whose promotion is delayed pursuant to paragraph (1)(F) and whose recommendation for promotion is sustained, authorities for the promotion of the officer are specified in section 628a(f) of this title.’’; and
