PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 3679

agreement described in subsection (e)(3) or has ceased to be an eligible military spouse. Such removal may not occur sooner than 60 days after the date of such determination.

(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
	(1) The terms ‘‘child care employee’’, ‘‘family home day care’’, and ‘‘military child development center’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1800 of title 10, United States Code.
	(2) The term ‘‘covered military family housing’’ means military family housing—
		(A) located on a military installation described in subsection (a); and
		(B) that the Secretary of the military department concerned determines is large enough to provide family home day care services to no fewer than six children (not including children in the household of the eligible military spouse).
	(3) The term ‘‘eligible military spouse’’ means a military spouse who—
		(A) is eligible for military family housing;
		(B) is eligible to provide family home day care services;
		(C) has provided family home day care services for at least one year; and
		(D) agrees in writing to provide family home day care services in covered military family housing for a period not shorter than one year.

SEC. 628. STUDY ON FEASIBILITY AND ADVISABILITY OF TSP CONTRIBUTIONS BY MILITARY SPOUSES.

(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the feasibility and advisability of potential enhancements to the military thrift Savings Plan administered by the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.

(b) ELEMENTS.—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following:
	(1) An evaluation of the effect of allowing military spouses to contribute or make eligible retirement account transfers to the military Thrift Savings Plan account of the member of the Armed Forces to whom that military spouse in married.
	(2) Legislation the Secretary determines necessary to permit contributions and transfers described in paragraph (1).

(c) REPORTING.—
	(1) INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board, a report on the results of the study under subsection (a).
	(2) ANALYSIS.—Not later than 60 days after receiving the report under paragraph (1), the Federal Thrift Savings Retirement Board shall analyze the report under paragraph (1), generate recommendations and comments it determines appropriate, and submit such analysis, recommendations, and comments to the Secretary.
	(3) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than April 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives—