PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3617

	Deadline. Recommendations.

(3) Any other matters in connection with such rec­ ommendation or requirement, and the implementation of such rec­ ommendation or requirement by the Armed Forces, that the Comptroller General considers appropriate.
(c) BRIEFINGS.—Not later than May 1, 2021, the Comptroller General shall provide the committees referred to in subsection (a) one or more briefings on the status of the study required by that subsection, including any preliminary findings and rec­ ommendations of the Comptroller General as a result of the study as of the date of such briefing.

SEC. 504. LEGAL ASSISTANCE FOR VETERANS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES AND DEPENDENTS.

(a) AVAILABILITY OF LEGAL ASSISTANCE AT FACILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 59 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section:

‘‘§ 5906. Availability of legal assistance at Department facili­ ties

‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than three times each year, the Secretary shall facilitate the provision by a qualified legal assistance clinic of pro bono legal assistance described in subsection (c) to eligible individuals at not fewer than one medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or such other facility of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate, in each State. 38 USC 5906. Time period.

‘‘(b) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS.—For purposes of this section, an eligible individual is—
‘‘(1) any veteran;
‘‘(2) any surviving spouse; or
‘‘(3) any child of a veteran who has died.
‘‘(c) PRO BONO LEGAL ASSISTANCE DESCRIBED.—The pro bono legal assistance described in this subsection is the following:
‘‘(1) Legal assistance with any program administered by the Secretary.
‘‘(2) Legal assistance associated with—
‘‘(A) improving the status of a military discharge or characterization of service in the Armed Forces, including through a discharge review board; or
‘‘(B) seeking a review of a military record before a board of correction for military or naval records.
‘‘(3) Such other legal assistance as the Secretary—
‘‘(A) considers appropriate; and
‘‘(B) determines may be needed by eligible individuals.
‘‘(d) LIMITATION ON USE OF FACILITIES.—Space in a medical center or facility designated under subsection (a) shall be reserved for and may only be used by the following, subject to review and removal from participation by the Secretary:
‘‘(1) A veterans service organization or other nonprofit organization.
‘‘(2) A legal assistance clinic associated with an accredited law school.
‘‘(3) A legal services organization.
‘‘(4) A bar association.