PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021               134 STAT. 4757

14 USC 2532.

SEC. 8510. TRANSFERS RELATED TO EMPLOYEES OF LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE.
    (a) Section 6 of chapter 103 of the Act of June 20, 1918 (33 U.S.C. 763) is repealed.
    (b) Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2531 the following:
 
“§ 2532. Retirement of employees
    “(a) OPTIONAL RETIREMENT.—Except as provided in subsections (d) and (e), a covered employee may retire from further performance of duty if such officer or employee—
        “(1) has completed 30 years of active service in the Government and is at least 55 years of age;
        “(2) has completed 25 years of active service in the Government and is at least 62 years of age; or
        “(3) is involuntarily separated from further performance of duty, except by removal for cause on charges of misconduct or delinquency, after completing 25 years of active service in the Government, or after completing 20 years of such service and if such employee is at least 50 years of age.
    “(b) COMPULSORY RETIREMENT.—A covered employee who becomes 70 years of age shall be compulsorily retired from further performance of duty.
    "(c) RETIREMENT FOR DISABILITY.—
        "(1) IN GENERAL.—A covered employee who has completed 15 years of active service in the Government and is found, after examination by a medical officer of the United States, to be disabled for useful and efficient service by reason of disease or injury not due to vicious habits, intemperance, or willful misconduct of such officer or employee, shall be retired.
        “(2) RESTORATION TO ACTIVE DUTY.—Any individual retired under paragraph (1) may, upon recovery, be restored to active duty, and shall from time to time, before reaching the age at which such individual may retire under subsection (a), be reexamined by a medical officer of the United States upon the request of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating.
    “(d) ANNUAL COMPENSATION.—
        “(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the annual compensation of a person retired under this section shall be a sum equal to one-fortieth of the average annual pay received for the last 3 years of service for each year of active service in the Lighthouse Service, or in a department or branch of the Government having a retirement system, not to exceed thirty-fortieths of such average annual pay received.
        “(2) RETIREMENT BEFORE 55.—The retirement pay computed under paragraph (1) for any officer or employee retiring under this section shall be reduced by one-sixth of 1 percent for each full month the officer or employee is under 55 years of age at the date of retirement.
        “(3) NO ALLOWANCE OR SUBSISTENCE.—Retirement pay under this section shall not include any amount on account of subsistence or other allowance.
     “(e) EXCEPTION.—The retirement and pay provision in this section shall not apply to—
        “(1) any person in the field service of the Lighthouse Service whose duties do not require substantially all their time; or