PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3739

    (ii) in subsection (h), by striking “, major system 
    interface” and inserting “, modular system interface”.

    (B) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 180 days after the 
    date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense 
    shall update the regulations required by section 2320(a)(1) 
    of title 10, United States Code, to reflect the amendments 
    made by this paragraph.                                           Deadline.
                                                                      Update.
(c) INTERFACE REPOSITORIES.—                                     
    (1) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 90 days after the 
    date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense
    for Acquisition and Sustainment shall—                         Deadline.
        (A) direct the Secretaries concerned and the heads 
        of other appropriate Department of Defense components 
        to establish and maintain repositories for interfaces, syntax
        and properties, documentation, and communication
        implementations delivered pursuant to the requirements
        established under subsection (a)(2)(B);

        (B) establish and maintain a comprehensive index of 
        interfaces, syntax and properties, documentation, and 
        communication implementations delivered pursuant to the
        requirements established under subsection (a)(2)(B) and
        maintained in the repositories required under subparagraph (A); and       

        (C) if practicable, establish and maintain an alternate
        reference repository of interfaces, syntax and properties, 
        documentation and communication implementations delivered 
        pursuant to the requirements established under subsection (a)(2)(B).

(2) DISTRIBUTION OF INTERFACES.—                           Coordination.
        (A) IN GENERAL.—Consistent with the requirements
        of section 2320 of title 10, United States Code, the Under
        Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall,
        in coordination with the Director of the Defense Standardization 
        Program Office, use the index and repositories
        established pursuant to paragraph (1) to provide access
        to interfaces and relevant documentation to authorized Federal Government and non-Governmental entities.

        (B) NON-GOVERNMENT RECIPIENT USE LIMITS.—A non-
        Governmental entity that receives access under subparagraph (A) may not further release, disclose, or use such data except as authorized.

(d) SYSTEM OF SYSTEMS INTEGRATION TECHNOLOGY AND EXPERIMENTATION.—
(1) DEMONSTRATION AND ASSESSMENT.—
        (A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the
        date of the enactment of this Act, the Director for Command, Control, Communications, and Computers/Cyber and
        the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense,
        acting through the Joint All-Domain Command and Control 
        cross-functional team, shall conduct demonstrations and
        complete an assessment of the technologies developed 
        under the System of Systems Integration Technology and
        Experimentation program of the Defense Advanced 
        Research Projects Agency, including a covered technology,
        and the applicability of any such technologies to the Joint 
        All-Domain Command and Control architecture.                   Deadline.