PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4599

original information to the employer of the individual, the Secretary, or the Attorney General, as applicable, that led to the successful enforcement of the covered judicial or administrative action, or related action, in an aggregate amount equal to not more than 30 percent, in total, of what has been collected of the monetary sanctions imposed in the action or related actions.

‘‘(2) SOURCE OF AWARDS.—For the purposes of paying any award under this section, the Secretary may, subject to amounts made available in advance by appropriation Acts, use monetary sanction amounts recovered based on the original information with respect to which the award is being paid.
‘‘(c) DETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF AWARD; DENIAL OF AWARD.—
‘‘(1) DETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF AWARD.—
‘‘(A) DISCRETION.—The determination of the amount of an award made under subsection (b) shall be in the discretion of the Secretary.
‘‘(B) CRITERIA.—In determining the amount of an award made under subsection (b), the Secretary shall take into consideration—
‘‘(i) the significance of the information provided by the whistleblower to the success of the covered judicial or administrative action;
‘‘(ii) the degree of assistance provided by the whistleblower and any legal representative of the whistleblower in a covered judicial or administrative action;
‘‘(iii) the programmatic interest of the Department of the Treasury in deterring violations of this subchapter and subchapter III by making awards to whistleblowers who provide information that lead to the successful enforcement of either such subchapter; and
‘‘(iv) such additional relevant factors as the Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney General, may establish by rule or regulation.
‘‘(2) DENIAL OF AWARD.—No award under subsection (b) may be made—
‘‘(A) to any whistleblower who is, or was at the time the whistleblower acquired the original information submitted to the Secretary or the Attorney General, as applicable, a member, officer, or employee—
‘‘(i) of— 
‘‘(I) an appropriate regulatory or banking agency;
‘‘(II) the Department of the Treasury or the Department of Justice; or
‘‘(III) a law enforcement agency; and
‘‘(ii) acting in the normal course of the job duties of the whistleblower;
‘‘(B) to any whistleblower who is convicted of a criminal violation related to the judicial or administrative action for which the whistleblower otherwise could receive an award under this section; or
‘‘(C) to any whistleblower who fails to submit information to the Secretary or the Attorney General, as applicable,

Consultation.
Regulations.

Consultation.
Regulations.