PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021       134 STAT. 3793

a barrier along the international border between the United States and Mexico that have an estimated value greater than or equal to $7,000,000.

SEC. 891. WAIVERS OF CERTAIN CONDITIONS FOR PROGRESS PAYMENTS UNDER CERTAIN CONTRACTS DURING THE COVID-19 NATIONAL EMERGENCY.

(a) WAIVER OF PROGRESS PAYMENTS REQUIREMENTS.—The Secretary of Defense may waive the requirements of section 2307(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code, with respect to progress payments for any undefinitized contractual action (as defined in section 2326 of title 10, United States Code; in this section referred to as ‘‘UCA’’) if the Secretary determines that the waiver is necessary due to the national emergency for the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID–19) and—
(1) a contractor performing the contract for which a UCA is entered into has not already received increased progress payments from the Secretary of Defense on contractual actions other than UCAs; or
(2) a contractor performing the contract for which a UCA is entered into, and that has received increased progress payments from the Secretary of Defense on contractual actions other than UCAs, can demonstrate that the contractor has promptly provided the amount of the increase to any subcontractors (at any tier), small business concerns (as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)), or suppliers of the contractor.

(b) DEFINITIZATION.—With respect to a UCA that not been definitized for a period of 180 days beginning on the date on which such UCA was entered into, the Secretary of Defense may only use the waiver authority described in subsection (a) if the Secretary (or a designee at a level not below the head of a contracting activity) provides a certification to the congressional defense committees that such UCA will be definitized within 60 days after the date on which the waiver is issued.
(c) SUBMISSION.—For each use of the waiver authority under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an estimate of the amounts to be provided to subcontractors (at any tier), small business concerns, and suppliers, including an identification of the specific entities receiving an amount from an increased progress payment described under such subsection (a).

TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT

Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters
Sec. 901. Repeal of position of Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 902. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict and related matters.
Sec. 903. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy.
Sec. 904. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment.
Sec. 905. Office of Local Defense Community Cooperation.
Sec. 906. Office from the Vice Chief of the National Guard Bureau to the Joint Requirements Oversight Council.
Sec. 907. Assignment of responsibility for the Arctic region within the Office of the Secretary of Defense.