PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3609

the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the actions taken to carry out this section, including the strategy developed and implemented pursuant to subsection (a), and the oversight framework developed and implemented pursuant to subsection (b).
SEC. 539C. REPORTS ON STATUS OF INVESTIGATIONS OF ALLEGED
SEX-RELATED OFFENSES.
(a) REPORTS REQUIRED.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through December 31, 2025, the Secretary of each military department shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of investigations into alleged sex-related offenses.
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each report under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to investigations into alleged sex-related offenses carried out by military criminal investigative organizations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned during the preceding year, the following:
(1) The total number of investigations.
(2) For each investigation—
(A) the date the investigation was initiated; and
(B) an explanation of whether the investigation is in-progress or complete as of the date of the report and, if complete, the date on which the investigation was completed.
(3) The total number of investigations that are complete as of the date of the report.
(4) The total number of investigations that are in-progress as of the date of the report.
(5) For investigations lasting longer than 180 days, a general explanation of the primary reasons for the extended duration of such investigations.
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:  
(1) The term “alleged sex-related offense” has the meaning given that term in section 1044e(h) of title 10, United States Code.
(2) The term “complete” when used with respect to an investigation of an alleged sex-related offense, means the active phase of the investigation is sufficiently complete to enable the appropriate authority to reach a decision with respect to the disposition of charges for the offense.
SEC. 539D. REPORT ON ABILITY OF SEXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDINATORS AND SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE VICTIM ADVOCATES TO PERFORM DUTIES.
(a) SURVEY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than June 30, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a survey regarding the ability of Sexual Assault Response Coordinators and Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Victim Advocates to perform their duties.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The survey required under paragraph (1) shall assess—
(A) the current state of support provided to Sexual Assault Response Coordinators and Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Victim Advocates, including—
(i) perceived professional or other reprisal or retaliation; and