PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021


134 STAT. 4821


SEC. 9414. STUDY ON CHINESE POLICIES AND INFLUENCE IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS FOR EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) STUDY.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate entity with relevant expertise, as determined by the Director, to conduct a study and make recommendations with respect to the effect of the policies of the People’s Republic of China and coordination among industrial entities within the People’s Republic of China on international bodies engaged in developing and setting international standards for emerging technologies. The study may include—
        (I) an assessment of how the role of the People’s Republic of China in international standards setting organizations has grown over the previous 10 years, including in leadership roles in standards-drafting technical committees, and the quality or value of that participation;
Deadline. Contracts. Determination. Recommendations.
Assessment. Time period.
Assessment.
        (2) an assessment of the effect of the standardization strategy of the People’s Republic of China, as identified in the ‘‘Chinese Standard 2035’’, on international bodies engaged in developing and setting standards for select emerging technologies, such as advanced communication technologies or cloud computing and cloud services;
        (3) an examination of whether international standards for selected emerging technologies are being designed to promote interests of the People’s Republic of China that are expressed in the ‘‘Made in China 2025’’ plan to the exclusion of other participants;
Examination.
        (4) an examination of how the previous practices that the People’s Republic of China has used while participating in international standards setting organizations may foretell how the People’s Republic of China is likely to engage in international standardization activities of critical technologies like artificial intelligence and quantum information science, and what may be the consequences;
        (5) recommendations on how the United States can take steps to mitigate the influence of the People’s Republic of China and bolster United States public and private sector participation in international standards-setting bodies; and
        (6) an other area the Director, in consultation with the entity selected to conduct the study, determines is important to address.
    (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—The agreement entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that, not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the entity conducting the study shall—
        (I) submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report containing the findings and recommendations of the study; and
        (2) make a copy of such report available on a publicly accessible website.
Recommendations.
Consultation.
Records. Public information. Website.