134 STAT. 3616               PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) A description and assessment of the mental health support for vicarious trauma provided to personnel in the military justice system specified in subsection (b), including a description of the support services available and the support services being used.
(2) A description and assessment of mechanisms to eliminate or reduce stigma in the pursuit by such personnel of such mental health support.
(3) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of providing such personnel with breaks between assignments or cases as part of such mental health support in order to reduce the effects of vicarious trauma.
(4) A description and assessment of the extent, if any, to which duty of such personnel on particular types of cases, or in particular caseloads, contributes to vicarious trauma, and of the extent, if any, to which duty on such cases or caseloads has an effect on retention of such personnel in the Armed Forces.
(5) A description of the extent, if any, to which such personnel are screened or otherwise assessed for vicarious trauma before discharge or release from the Armed Forces.
(6) Such other matters in connection with the provision of mental health support for vicarious trauma to such personnel as the Judge Advocates General and the Staff Judge Advocate jointly consider appropriate.

SEC. 547. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION BY THE ARMED FORCES OF RECENT GAO RECOMMENDATIONS AND STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS ON ASSESSMENT OF RACIAL, ETHNIC, AND GENDER DISPARITIES IN THE MILITARY JUSTICE SYSTEM.

(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, in writing, on a study, conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of the report, on the implementation by the Armed Forces of the following:
(1) The recommendations in the May 2019 report of the General Accountability Office entitled “Military Justice: DOD and the Coast Guard Need to Improve Their Capabilities to Assess Racial and Gender Disparities” (GAO–19–344).
(2) Requirements in section 540I(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1369; 10 U.S.C. 810 note), relating to assessments covered by such recommendations.

(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include, for each recommendation and requirement specified in that subsection, the following:
(1) A description of the actions taken or planned by the Department of Defense, the military department concerned, or the Armed Force concerned to implement such recommendation or requirement.
(2) An assessment of the extent to which the actions taken to implement such recommendation or requirement, as described pursuant to paragraph (1), are effective or meet the intended objective.