134 STAT. 3712             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

            (vi) An assessment of the impact of the demonstra-
Assessment.   tion project on maternal and fetal outcomes.
            (vii) An assessment of the effectiveness of the demon-
Assessment.   stration project.
            (viii) Recommendations for adjustments to the
Recommenda-  demonstration project.
tions.        (ix) The estimated costs avoided as a result of
Cost estimate. improved maternal and fetal health outcomes due to
            the demonstration project.
            (x) Recommendations for extending the demonstra-
Recommenda-  tion project or implementing permanent coverage
tions.        under the TRICARE program of extramedical maternal
            health providers.
            (xi) An identification of legislative or administra-
            tive action necessary to make the demonstration
            project permanent.
            (C) FINAL REPORT.–The final report under subpara-
            graph (A) shall be submitted not later than 90 days after
            the date on which the demonstration project terminates.
   (g) EXPANSION OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECT.–
        (1) REGULATIONS.–If the Secretary determines that the
     demonstration project is successful, the Secretary may prescribe
     regulations to include extramedical maternal health providers
     as health care providers authorized to provide care under the
     TRICARE program.
        (2) CREDENTIALING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS.–The Sec-
     retary may establish credentialing and other requirements for
     doulas, lactation consultants, and lactation counselors through
     public notice and comment rulemaking for purposes of including
     doulas, lactation consultants, and lactation counselors as health
     care providers authorized to provide care under the TRICARE
     program pursuant to regulations prescribed under paragraph
     (1).
   (h) DEFINITIONS.–In this section:
        (1) The terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-
     gram’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072
     of title 10, United States Code.
        (2) The term ‘‘extramedical maternal health provider’’
     means a doula, lactation consultant, or lactation counselor.
    SEC. 747. BRIEFING ON DIET AND NUTRITION OF MEMBERS OF THE
                    ARMED FORCES.
   Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees
on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives
a briefing on the diet and nutrition of members of the Armed
Forces. The briefing shall describe the following:
        (1) The relationship between the diet and nutrition of mem-
     bers and the health, performance, and combat effectiveness
     of members.
        (2) The relationship between diets high in omega 3 fatty
     acids, or other diets that may lower inflammation and obesity,
     and improved mental health.
        (3) The extent to which the food and beverages offered
     at the dining halls of the Armed Forces as of the date of
     the briefing are designed to optimize the health, performance,
Deadline.   
   