PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4075

(B) Assessment of the potential for harmful interference to mobile satellite services, including commercial services and Global Positioning System services of the Department, or relating to or with the potential to affect the operations and activities of the Department.

(C) Review of the feasibility, practicality, and effectiveness of the proposed mitigation measures relating to, or with the potential to affect, the devices, operations, or activities of the Department.

(D) Development of recommendations associated with the findings of the National Academies in carrying out the independent technical review.

(E) Such other matters as the National Academies determines relevant.

(c) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Under an agreement between the Secretary and the National Academies under subsection (a), the National Academies, not later than 270 days after the date of the execution of such agreement, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the National Academies with respect to the independent technical review carried out under subsection (b) and the recommendations developed pursuant to such review.

(2) FORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in a publicly releasable and unclassified format, but may include a classified annex.

SEC. 1664. ESTIMATE OF DAMAGES FROM FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION ORDER 20-48.

(a) LIMITATION, ESTIMATE, AND CERTIFICATION.—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2021 may be obligated or expended by the Secretary of Defense to comply with the Order and Authorization adopted by the Federal Communications Commission on April 19, 2020 (FCC 20–48), until the Secretary—

(1) submits to the congressional defense committees an estimate of the extent of covered costs and the range of eligible reimbursable costs associated with harmful interference resulting from such Order and Authorization to the Global Positioning System of the Department of Defense; and
(2) certifies to the congressional defense committees that the estimate submitted under paragraph (1) is accurate with a high degree of certainty.
(b) COVERED COSTS.—For purposes of this section, covered costs include costs that would be incurred—

(1) to upgrade, repair, or replace potentially affected receivers of the Federal Government;
(2) to modify, repair, or replace equipment, spares, associated ancillary equipment, software, facilities, operating manuals, training, or compliance with regulations, including with regard to the underlying platform or system in which a capability of the Global Positioning System is embedded; and

Assessment. 

Recommendations.

Recommendations.

Compliance.