PUBLIC LAW 116-283-JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3595

    (F) Any other certificate, rating, or pilot privilege the 
    Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of this section.
    SEC. 519A. REPORT REGARDING FULL-TIME NATIONAL GUARD DUTY 
    IN RESPONSE TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC.
    (a) REPORT REQUIRED.-Not later than 90 days after the date 
    of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
    to the congressional defense committees a report regarding how 
    it is determined whether to authorize full-time National Guard 
    duty in response to the covered national emergency.
    (b) ELEMENTS.-The report under this section shall include 
    the following:
    (1) The number of requests described in subsection (a). 
    (2) The number of such requests approved and the number 
    of requests denied.
    (3) For each such request-
    (A) the time elapsed from receipt of request to disposi-
    tion of request; and 
    (B) whether costs (including pay and benefits for mem-
    bers of the National Guard) were a factor in determining 
    whether to grant or deny the request.
    (4) For each such request approved, an estimate of the Estimate.
    time between approval and the time when the first such 
    member of the National Guard was placed on full-time National 
    Guard duty in response to such request.
    (5) For each such request denied, the reason for denial 
    and how such denial was explained to the requestor.
    (6) A description of how the process of review for such 
    requests differed from previous requests for a determination 
    whether to authorize full-time National Guard duty under sec-
    tion 502(f) of title 32, United States Code.
    (7) Recommendations of the Secretary to improve the Recommendations.
    review of such requests in order to better respond to such 
    requests.
    (c) DEFINITIONS.-In this section: 
    (1) The term "covered national emergency" means the 
    national emergency declared on March 13, 2020, by the Presi-
    dent under the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et 
    seq.) with respect to COVID-19.
    (2) The term "full-time National Guard duty" has the 
    meaning given that term in section 101 of title 10, United 
    States Code.

    SEC. 519B. STUDY AND REPORT ON NATIONAL GUARD SUPPORT TO 
    STATES RESPONDING TO MAJOR DISASTERS.
    (a) STUDY REQUIRED.-The Secretary of Defense shall conduct 
    a study on the process by which the National Guard provides 
    support to other Federal agencies and to States during major disas-
    ters. The report shall include the following:
    (1) With regards to authorization of full-time National 
    Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Reviews.
    Code- 
    (A) a review of the process of such authorization, 
    including authorization approval, funding approval, and 
    mission assignment;
    (B) a review of data regarding the frequency and speed Data.
    of such authorizations during fiscal years 2015 through 
    2020; and