134 STAT. 4676          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Recommendations.

bulk liquefied gases as cargo and liquefied natural
gas tank vessels that are less than 10 years of age
and participate in a Coast Guard vessel quality pro-
gram.

SEC. 8255. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW
AND REPORT ON COAST GUARD’S INTERNATIONAL PORT
SECURITY PROGRAM.

Recommendations.

(a) GAO REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United
States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and
Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation
and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report setting
forth the results of a comprehensive review, conducted by the Comp-
troller General for purposes of the report, on the Coast Guard’s
International Port Security Program, including the findings, and
any recommendations for improvement of the program, of the Comp-
troller General.
(b) REQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—The review required
under subsection (a) shall include—
    (1) review of the actions of the Coast Guard under the
    Coast Guard’s International Port Security Program, since 2014,
    to enhance foreign port inspections;
    (2) review of the actions of the Coast Guard to recognize
    and monitor port inspection programs of foreign governments;
    (3) identification and review of the actions the Coast Guard
    takes to address any deficiencies it observes during visits at
    foreign ports;
    (4) identify and review the benchmarks of the Coast Guard
    for measuring the effectiveness of the program; and
    (5) review of the extent to which the Coast Guard and
    United States Customs and Border Protection coordinate efforts
    to screen and inspect cargo at foreign ports.

SEC. 8256. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW
AND REPORT ON SURGE CAPACITY OF THE COAST GUARD.

Recommendations.

(a) GAO REPORT.—Not later than 60 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United
States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and
Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation
and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report setting
forth the results of a comprehensive review, conducted by the Comp-
troller General for purposes of the report, on the surge capacity
of the Coast Guard to respond to a catastrophic incident (such
as a hurricane), including the findings, and any recommendations
for improvement, of the Comptroller General.
(b) REQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—The review required
under subsection (a) shall include—
    (1) a description and review of each Coast Guard deploy-
    ment in response to a catastrophic incident after 2005;
    (2) identification of best practices informed by the deploy-
    ments described in paragraph (1);
    (3) a review of the ability of the surge force of the Coast
    Guard to meet the demands of the response roles in which
    it was serving during each deployment described in paragraph
    (1);
    (4) identification of any statutory or regulatory impedi-
    ments, such as adaptability, planning, training, mobilization,