134 STAT. 4114       PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

of Investigation, the heads of other Federal agencies, and appropriate non-Federal entities, as appropriate, of at least one exercise to demonstrate such a capability, which exercise shall include the following:

(A) Participation of not fewer than the National Guards of two different States.

(B) Circumstances designed to test and validate the policies, processes, procedures, and authorities developed pursuant to paragraph (2).

(d) USE OF EXISTING TECHNOLOGY.—The Secretary of Defense may use an existing platform, technology, or capability to provide the technical capability described in subsection (a)(1) under the pilot program.

(e) ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS.—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, establish requirements with respect to eligibility and participation of National Guards in the pilot program.

(g) CONSTRUCTION WITH CERTAIN CURRENT AUTHORITIES.—

(1) COMMAND AUTHORITIES.—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting or altering the command authorities otherwise applicable to any unit of the National Guard participating in the pilot program.

(2) EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE COMPACT.—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting or altering any current agreement under the Emergency Management Assistance Compact, or any other State agreements, or as determinative of the future content of any such agreements.

(h) EVALUATION METRICS.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot program.

(i) TERM.—The pilot program under subsection (b) shall terminate not later than the date that is three years after the date of the commencement of the pilot program.

(j) REPORTS.—

(1) INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the commencement of the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and the Secretary of Homeland Security an initial report setting forth a description of the pilot program and such other matters in connection with the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate.

(2) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the termination of the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and the Secretary of Homeland Security a final report on the pilot program. The final report shall include the following:

(A) A description of the pilot program, including any partnerships entered into under the pilot program.

(B) A summary of the assessment performed prior to the commencement of the pilot program in accordance with subsection (b).

(C) A summary of the evaluation metrics established in accordance with subsection (h), including how the pilot program contributes directly to Department of Defense missions.

(D) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program, and of the capability described in subsection (c)(1) under the pilot program.