134 STAT. 4412			PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

the country in which the vessel was documented immediately before becoming documented under chapter 121 of this title; and
				“(C) the country has not been identified by the Commandant of the Coast Guard as inadequately enforcing international vessel regulations as to that vessel.
			“(2) CONTINUED ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTIFICATE.—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any vessel that has failed to comply with the applicable international agreements and associated guidelines referred to in paragraph (1)(B).
			“(3) RELIANCE ON CLASSIFICATION SOCIETY.—
				“(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may rely on a certification from the American Bureau of Shipping or, subject to subparagraph (B), another classification society accepted by the Commandant of the Coast Guard, to establish that a vessel is in compliance with the requirements of paragraph (1).
				“(B) FOREIGN CLASSIFICATION SOCIETY.—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may accept certification from a foreign classification society under subparagraph (A) only—
						“(i) to the extent that the government of the foreign country in which the society is headquartered provides access on a reciprocal basis to the American Bureau of Shipping; and
						“(ii) if the foreign classification society has offices and maintains records in the United States. Certification. Compliance. Contracts. 46 USC 53403. Requirements.

“§ 53403. Award of operating agreements
		“(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Transportation shall require, as a condition of including any vessel in the Fleet, that the program participant of the vessel enter into an operating agreement with the Secretary under this section.
		“(b) PROCEDURE FOR APPLICATIONS.—
			“(1) ELIGIBLE VESSELS.—The Secretary of Transportation shall accept an application for an operating agreement for an eligible product tank vessel under the priority under paragraph (2) only from a person that has authority to enter into an operating agreement under this chapter.
			“(2) ESTABLISHMENT OF PRIORITY.—The Secretary of Transportation may enter into a new operating agreement with an applicant that meets the requirements of section 53402(c) for a vessel that meets the qualifications of section 53402(b), and shall give priority to applications based on—
				“(A) vessel capabilities, as established by the Secretary of Defense; then
				“(B) after consideration of vessel type, according to an applicant’s record of owning and operating vessels; then
				“(C) after consideration of ownership and operating, according to such additional priorities as the Secretary of Transportation may consider appropriate.
			“(3) CONCURRENCE OF AWARD.—The Secretary of Transportation may not approve an application for an operating agreement without the concurrence of the Secretary of Defense.
		“(c) LIMITATION.—For any fiscal year, the Secretary of Transportation may not award operating agreements under this chapter