PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                                  134 STAT. 4833


(T) any other committee of the Senate or the House of Representatives that has jurisdiction over the subject of the plan.
(2) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.—The information described in this paragraph is—
(A) any change to Federal law that would be necessary to carry out the plan required under subsection (a)(1); and
(B) any proposed changes to the funding levels provided in appropriation Acts for the most recent fiscal year that can be implemented in future appropriation Acts or additional resources necessary to—
(i) implement the plan required under subsection (a)(1); or
(ii) maintain any program offices and personnel necessary to—
(I) maintain the plan required under section (a)(1) and the plans described in subsection (a)(3)(F); and
(II) conduct exercises, assessments, and updates to the plans described in subclause (I) over time. 
(3) BUDGET OF THE PRESIDENT.—The President may include the information described in paragraph (2)(B) in the budget required to be submitted by the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “agency” has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code.
(2) The term “economic sector” means a sector of the economy of the United States.
(3) The term “relevant actor” means—
(A) the Federal Government;
(B) a State, local, or Tribal government; or
(C) the private sector.
(4) The term “significant event” means an event that causes severe degradation to economic activity in the United States due to—
(A) a cyber attack; or
(B) another significant event that is natural or human-caused.
(5) The term “State” means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any possession of the United States. 

                           TITLE XCVI—FINANCIAL SERVICES 
                                          MATTERS 
       Subtitle A—Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Act 
Sec. 9701. Short title.
Sec. 9702. Sense of Congress.
Sec. 9703. Department of the Treasury Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Pilot Program.