134 STAT. 4680      PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Examination.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United
States shall conduct a study that examines the health care
system of the Coast Guard.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The study conducted under paragraph (1)
shall analyze the following:

(A) The billets in clinics of the Coast Guard, whether
for personnel of the Coast Guard or otherwise, including
the number of billets, vacancies, and length of vacancies.
(B) The wait times for patients to attain appointment for urgent care, routine physician care, and dental care.
(C) The impact of billet vacancies on such wait times.
(D) The barriers, if any, to improving coordination
and access to physicians within the health care system
of the Department of Defense.
(E) The accessibility and availability of behavioral
health medical personnel at clinics of the Coast Guard,
including personnel available for family counseling,
therapy, and other needs.
(F) The staffing models of clinics of the Coast Guard,
including recommendations to modernize such models.
(G) The locations and needs of Coast Guard units with
or without clinics.
(H) How access to care models for members of the
Coast Guard are managed, including models with respect
to the time and distance traveled to receive care, the cost
of that travel, and alternate options to ensure care quickly
and efficiently for members serving in units without a
clinic.

(b) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date
of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall
submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation
and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report
containing the findings, conclusions, and recommendations from
the study required under subsection (a).
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report submitted under paragraph (1)
shall include the following:

(A) An identification of the number of members of
the Coast Guard and types of units of the Coast Guard
serviced by the health care system of the Coast Guard.
(B) An assessment of the ability of the Coast Guard
to conduct medical support at outlying units, including
remote units.
(C) An assessment of the capacity of the Coast Guard
to support surge operations using historical data from the
10-year period preceding the date of the report.
(D) An assessment of the impact to operations of the
Coast Guard by extended wait times or travel times to
receive care or other issues identified by the report.

Assessments.
(c) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 90 days after the date
on which the report is submitted under subsection (b), the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science,
and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives written
recommendations for medical staffing standards for the Coast Guard