134 STAT. 3996          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                           (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Select
                                           Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and
                                           (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Perma-
                                           nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of
                                           Representatives.
SEC. 1296. REPORT ON UNITED STATES MILITARY SUPPORT OF THE
                              SAUDI-LED COALITION IN YEMEN.
          (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States
shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report
that includes the following:
               (1) A description of all military support, training, and
          defense articles and services provided by the Department of
          Defense to Saudi Arabia, the Government of the United Arab
          Emirates, and other countries participating in the Saudi-led
          coalition since March 2015, including—
                  (A) an annual description, by fiscal year or calendar
               year, of all transfers of logistics support, supplies, defense
               articles, and services under sections 2341 and 2342 of
               title 10, United States Code, or any other applicable law;
                  (B) a description of the total financial value of such
               transfers and which countries bore the cost described in
               subparagraph (A) of these transfers, including the status
               of any required reimbursement of costs from Saudi Arabia,
               the Government of the United Arab Emirates and the
               Saudi-led coalition to the Department of Defense; and
                  (C) a description of the types of training, advice, and
               assistance provided by the Department of Defense,
               including the authorities under which this training was
               provided, and an assessment of the extent to which such
               training has included—
                       (i) tactics, techniques, or procedures that could
                  be used to restrict the movement of commercial and
                  humanitarian shipments or the movement of persons
                  into or out of Yemen;
                       (ii) tactics, techniques, and procedures to reduce
                  civilian casualties and damage to civilian infrastruc-
                  ture; and
                       (iii) an emphasis on human rights and the laws
                  of armed conflict.
               (2) A description and evaluation of processes used by the
          Department of Defense to determine whether the types of mili-
          tary support described in paragraph (1) have—
                  (A) affected the movement of persons into or out of
               Yemen, the restriction of the movement of commercial and
               humanitarian shipments into and out of Yemen, or the
               illicit profit from such importation by any of the warring
               parties in the conflict in Yemen;
                  (B) contributed to or reduced civilian casualties and
               damage to civilian infrastructure in Yemen; and
                  (C) contributed to or reduced violations of the laws
               of armed conflict in Yemen, including any credibly alleged
               violations of torture, arbitrary detention, and other gross
               violations of internationally recognized human rights by
               countries that are members of the Saudi-led coalition in
               Yemen and the Republic of Yemen Government.

Evaluation.
Determination.