(ii) reducing the use of Afghan National Defense and Security Forces checkpoints; and
(iii) curtailing the use of Afghan Special Security Forces for missions that are better suited to general purpose forces.
(D) The distribution practices of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces and whether the Government of Afghanistan has ensured that supplies, equipment, and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to, and employed by, security forces.
(E) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has designated the appropriate staff, prioritized the development of relevant processes, and provided or requested the allocation of resources necessary to support a peace and reconciliation process in Afghanistan.
(F) A description of the ability of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior Affairs of the Government of Afghanistan to manage and account for previously divested equipment, including a description of any vulnerabilities or weaknesses of the internal controls of such Ministries and any plan in place to address shortfalls.
(G) A description of any significant irregularities in the divestment of equipment to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces during the period beginning on May 1, 2020, and ending on March 1, 2021, including any major losses of such equipment or any inability on the part of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces to account for equipment procured during such period.
(H) A description of the sustainment and maintenance costs required during the five-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, for major weapons platforms previously divested, and a description of the plan for the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces to maintain such platforms in the future.
(I) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has adhered to conditions for receiving assistance established in annual financial commitment letters or any other bilateral agreements with the United States.
(J) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan or the Secretary of Defense has developed a plan to integrate former Taliban fighters into the Ministry of Defense or the Ministry of Interior Affairs of the Government of Afghanistan.
(K) Such other factors as the Secretaries consider appropriate.
(3) FORM.—The assessment required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.
(4) WITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE FOR INSUFFICIENT PROGRESS.—
(A) CERTIFICATION.—Not later than December 31, 2020, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and pursuant to the assessment required under paragraph (1), shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certification indicating whether the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan has made