PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021           134 STAT. 4363

headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system.
(B) Whenever a permanent change is considered in the basing of a major headquarters, covered military unit,
or major weapon system by relocating the major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system from its current military installation to a different military installation.
(2) ELEMENTS OF REPORT.—The report submitted by the Secretary concerned under paragraph (1) shall include at a minimum the following: 
(A) A description of the decision-making process to be used by that Secretary for basing decisions covered under subparagraph (A) and (B) of such paragraph.
(B) A timeline for the scenarios outlined in such subparagraphs, including the decision authority for each decision to be made during the decision-making process.
(C) The congressional engagement plan to be used to notify the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate and interested Members of Congress at key points throughout the decision-making process.
(D) The plan for implementing the requirements of section 483 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (b).
(b) DEFINITIONS.—The definitions contained in section 483 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (b), apply to this subsection.
(b) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATIONS REQUIRED RELATED TO BASING DECISION-MAKING PROCESS.—Chapter 23 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 482 the following new section:

‘‘§ 483. Notifications related to basing decision-making process

‘‘(a) NOTIFICATION REQUIRED.—At each point in the decision- making process specified in subsection (b), the Secretary concerned shall notify the congressional defense committees of the decision- making process to be used or the decision-making process used, whichever applies—
‘‘(1) to select a military installation to serve as the first permanent location for a new major headquarters, covered mili- tary unit, or major weapon system; or
‘‘(2) to make a permanent change in the basing of a major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system by relocating the major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system from its current military installation to a different military installation.
‘’(b) DEADLINES FOR SUBMISSION OF NOTICE.—The Secretary concerned shall provide the notice required by subsection (a) within seven days after each of the following decision points during the decision-making process:
"(1) When the Secretary concerned issues any formal internal guidance to begin the decision-making process regarding the location or relocation of a major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system.

Plans.

Timeline.

Notification.

10 USC 483.

Applicability.