PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                                134 STAT. 4531


(4) recommendations to address the challenges and opportunities described in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3).
 (c) STAKEHOLDERS.—In conducting the study, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall seek input
from a wide range of stakeholders in the public and private sectors.
(d) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—The contract entered into under subsection (a) shall require the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, to—
(1) submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Education and Labor of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Health, Education, Pension, and Labor of the Senate a report containing the findings and recommendations of the study conducted under subsection (a); and
(2) make a copy of such report available on a publicly accessible website.

SEC. 5106. NATIONAL AI RESEARCH RESOURCE TASK FORCE.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE.—
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the National Science Foundation, in coordination with the Office of Science and Technology Policy, shall establish a task force—
(i) to investigate the feasibility and advisability of establishing and sustaining a National Artificial Intelligence Research Resource; and
(ii) to propose a roadmap detailing how such resource should be established and sustained.
(B) DESIGNATION.—The task force established by subparagraph (A) shall be known as the ‘‘National Artificial Intelligence Research Resource Task Force’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Task Force’’).
(2) MEMBERSHIP.—
(A) COMPOSITION.—The Task Force shall be composed of 12 members selected by the co-chairpersons of the Task Force from among technical experts in artificial intelligence or related subjects, of whom—
(i) 4 shall be representatives from the Interagency Committee established in section 5103, including the co-chairpersons of the Task Force;
(ii) 4 shall be representatives from institutions of higher education; and
(iii) 4 shall be representatives from private organizations.
(B) APPOINTMENT.—Not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the co-chairpersons of the Task Force shall appoint members to the Task Force pursuant to subparagraph (A).
(C) TERM OF APPOINTMENT.—Members of the Task Force shall be appointed for the life of the Task Force.
(D) VACANCY.—Any vacancy occurring in the membership of the Task Force shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made.
(E) CO-CHAIRPERSONS.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Director of the