PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4829

on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives a report on Federal agency compliance with the regulations promulgated under section 2912(a) of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), and shall make the report publicly available on the website of the agency.
(C) FEDERAL AGENCY DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term “Federal agency” has the meaning given that term in section 2901 of title 44, United States Code.
(4) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 29 of title 44, United States Code, is 44 USC 2901 amended by adding after the item relating to section 2911 prec. the following new item:
“2912. Preservation of electronic messages and other records.”.
(5) DEFINITIONS.—Section 2901 of title 44, United States Code, is amended—
(A) by striking “and” at the end of paragraph (14); and
(B) by striking paragraph (15) and inserting the following new paragraphs:
“(15) the term ‘electronic messages’ means electronic mail and other electronic messaging systems that are used for purposes of communicating between individuals; and
“(16) the term ‘electronic records management system’ means software designed to manage electronic records, including by—
“(A) categorizing and locating records;
“(B) ensuring that records are retained as long as necessary;
“(C) identifying records that are due for disposition; and
“(D) ensuring the storage, retrieval, and disposition of records.”.

SEC. 9603. CONTINUITY OF THE ECONOMY PLAN.
(a) REQUIREMENT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President shall develop and maintain a plan to maintain and restore the economy of the United States in response to a significant event.
(2) PRINCIPLES.—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall—
(A) be consistent with—
(i) a free market economy; and
(ii) the rule of law; and
(B) respect private property rights.
(3) CONTENTS.—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall—
(A) examine the distribution of goods and services across the United States necessary for the reliable functioning of the United States during a significant event;
(B) identify the economic functions of relevant actors, the disruption, corruption, or dysfunction of which would have a debilitating effect in the United States on—
(i) security;
(ii) economic security;
(iii) defense readiness; or