134 STAT. 3936             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                     (b) WAIVER.—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence 
                               of the Secretary of State, may waive the prohibition under sub-
                               section (a) if the Secretary of Defense—
Determination.                (1) determines that a waiver is in the national security 
                               interest of the United States; and
Notification.                  (2) on the date on which the waiver is invoked, submits 
                               a notification of the waiver and a justification of the reason 
                               for seeking the waiver to—
                                       (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-
                                     mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and
                                       (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-
                                     mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.
Assessments.                 SEC. 1234. ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOP-
                               MENTS INVOLVING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION.
Consultation.                        (a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than June 1 of each year, 
                               the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the heads of other 
                               relevant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congres-
Classified                     sional committees a report, in both classified and unclassified form, 
information.                   on the security and military strategies and capabilities of the Rus-
                               sian Federation (in this section referred to as ‘‘Russia’’).
                                     (b) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report required under 
                               subsection (a) shall include the following:
                                         (1) An assessment of the security priorities and objectives 
                               of Russia, including those priorities and objectives that would 
                               affect the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), the 
                               Middle East, and the People’s Republic of China.
                                         (2) A description of the goals and factors shaping Russian 
                               security strategy and military strategy, including military 
                               spending and investment priorities and their alignment with 
                               the security priorities and objectives described in paragraph 
                               (1).
                                         (3) A description of developments in Russian military doc-
                               trine and training.
                                         (4) An assessment of the force structure of the Russian 
                               military.
                                         (5) An assessment of the force structure and capabilities 
                               of Russian military forces stationed in each of the Arctic, 
                               Kaliningrad, and Crimea, including a description of any changes 
                               to such force structure or capabilities during the one-year period 
                               ending on the date of such report and with a particular 
                               emphasis on the anti-access and area denial capabilities of 
                               such forces.
                                         (6) An assessment of Russian military strategy and objec-
                               tives for the Arctic region.
                                         (7) A description of the status of testing, production, deploy-
                               ment, and sale or transfer to other states or non-state actors 
                               of cruise missile systems by the Russian Federation.
                                         (8) A description of Russia’s current missile defense 
                               strategy and capabilities, including efforts to develop missile 
                               defense capabilities.
                                         (9) An assessment of the tactics, techniques, and procedures 
                               used by Russia in operations in Ukraine.
                                         (10) An assessment of Russia’s diplomatic, economic, and 
                               intelligence operations in Ukraine.
Summary.                          (11) A summary of all significant Russian military-to-mili-
                               tary cooperation with foreign militaries, major training and