PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021	

134 STAT. 4847

(i) the Secretary may not approve the application unless the Secretary—
(I) confirms that the covered entity has satisfied the eligibility criteria under subparagraph (B);
(II) determines that the project to which the application relates is in the interest of the United States; and 

Determination. 

(III) has notified the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 15 days before making any commitment to provide a grant to any covered entity that exceeds $10,000,000; and 

Notification. Deadline.

(ii) the Secretary may consider whether—
(I) the covered entity has previously received financial assistance made under this subsection;
(II) the governmental entity offering the applicable covered incentive has benefitted from financial assistance previously provided under this subsection;
(III) the covered entity has demonstrated that they are responsive to the national security needs or requirements established by the Intelligence Community (or an agency thereof), the National Nuclear Security Administration, or the Department of Defense; and
(IV) when practicable, a consortium that is considered a covered entity includes a small business concern, as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), notwithstanding section 121.103 of title 13, Code of Federal Regulations; and
(iii) the Secretary may not approve an application if the Secretary determines that the covered entity is a foreign entity of concern.
(D) RECORDS.—The Secretary may request records and information from the applicant to review the status of a covered entity. The applicant shall provide the records and information requested by the Secretary.
(3) AMOUNT.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall determine the appropriate amount and funding type for each financial assistance award made to a covered entity under this subsection.
Determination.

(B) LARGER INVESTMENT.—Federal investment in any 
Consultation. Recommendation. President. Certification. Reports.

individual project shall not exceed $3,000,000,000 unless the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, recommends to the President, and the President certifies and reports to the appropriate committees of Congress, that a larger investment is necessary to—
(i) significantly increase the proportion of reliable domestic supply of semiconductors relevant for national security and economic competitiveness that can be met through domestic production; and
(ii) meet the needs of national security.
(4) USE OF FUNDS.—A covered entity that receives a financial assistance award under this subsection may only use the financial assistance award amounts to—