134 STAT. 4118				PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

SEC. 1728. ASSESSING PRIVATE-PUBLIC COLLABORATION IN CYBERSECURITY.

(a) REQUIREMENT.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall—
	(1) conduct a review and assessment of any ongoing public-private collaborative initiatives involving the Department of Defense and the private sector related to cybersecurity and defense of critical infrastructure, including—
		(A) the United States Cyber Command’s Pathfinder initiative and any derivative initiative;
		(B) the Department’s support to and integration with existing Federal cybersecurity centers and organizations; and
		(C) comparable initiatives led by other Federal departments or agencies that support long-term public-private cybersecurity collaboration; and
	(2) make recommendations for improvements and the requirements and resources necessary to institutionalize and strengthen the initiatives described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1).
(b) REPORT.—
	(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the review, assessment, and recommendations under subsection (a).
	(2) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, as necessary.
(c) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term “critical infrastructure” has the meaning given such term in section 1016(e) of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)).

SEC. 1729. CYBER CAPABILITIES AND INTEROPERABILITY OF THE NATIONAL GUARD.

(a) EVALUATION.—
	(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives an evaluation of the statutes, rules, regulations and standards that pertain to the use of the National Guard for the response to and recovery from significant cyber incidents.
	(2) CONSIDERATION OF INPUTS.—In conducting the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security and may solicit and consider inputs from the following:
		(A) The heads of Federal agencies determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense.
		(B) State governors.
		(C) The heads of other non-Federal entities as determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense.
(b) ELEMENTS OF EVALUATION.—The evaluation required under subsection (a) shall include review of the following:
	(1) Regulations promulgated under section 903 of title 32, United States Code, to clarify when and under what conditions