134 STAT. 4862           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                        (V) in subparagraph (G), by inserting “, air-
                      craft passengers, ship passengers, and travelers”
                      after “motorists”;
                        (D) in subsection (c), by striking “other motorist
                      information systems to notify motorists”, each place it
                      appears, and inserting “other information systems to notify
                      motorists, aircraft passengers, ship passengers, and trav-
                      elers”;
                        (E) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows:
                          “(d) FEDERAL SHARE.—
                        “(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2),
                      the Federal share of the cost of any activities funded by a
                      grant under this section may not exceed 80 percent.
                        “(2) WAIVER.—If the Secretary determines that American
                      Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico,
                      or the Virgin Islands of the United States is unable to comply
                      with the requirement under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall
                      waive such requirement.”;
                        (F) in subsection (g)—
                          (i) by striking “In this section” and inserting “In
                      this subtitle”; and
                          (ii) by striking “or Puerto Rico” and inserting
                      “American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern
                      Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands of the United
                      States, and any other territory of the United States”;
                        (G) in subsection (h), by striking “fiscal year 2004”
                      and inserting “each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023”.
                  (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table
                of contents in section 1(b) of the PROTECT Act (Public Law
                108–21) is amended by striking the item relating to section
                303 and inserting the following:

“Sec. 303. Grant program for notification and communications systems along high-
                        ways and major transportation routes for recovery of abducted chil-
                        dren.”.

            (c) AMBER ALERT COMMUNICATION PLANS IN THE TERRI-
        TORIES.—Section 304 of the PROTECT Act (34 U.S.C. 20504) is
        amended—
                (1) in subsection (b)(4), by inserting “a territorial govern-
            ment or” after “with”;
                (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows:
                “(c) FEDERAL SHARE.—
                        “(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2),
                      the Federal share of the cost of any activities funded by a
                      grant under this section may not exceed 50 percent.
                        “(2) WAIVER.—If the Attorney General determines that
                      American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands,
                      Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands of the United States, or an Indian
                      tribe is unable to comply with the requirement under paragraph
                      (1), the Attorney General shall waive such requirement.”; and
                (3) in subsection (d), by inserting “, including territories
            of the United States” before the period at the end.
                (d) GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE REPORT.—
                        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 5 years after the date
                      of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall
                      conduct a study assessing—