PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021  

(C) an assessment of the effectiveness of curricula relating to human rights, the rule of law, and internet freedom; and 
(D) the content and curriculum of any program made available to participants of such program. 
(d) CERTIFICATION.—Not later than 30 days before the date on which the pilot program under subsection (a) is scheduled to commence, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification indicating whether such program would credibly enable, enhance, or facilitate violations of internet freedom or other human rights abuses in Vietnam, Indonesia, or Thailand. 
(e) TERMINATION.—The pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2024. 
(f) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS DEFINED.—In this section, the term “appropriate committees of Congress” means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 

SEC. 1257. REPORT ON THE COSTS MOST DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH THE STATIONING OF THE ARMED FORCES IN JAPAN. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the costs most directly associated with the stationing of United States forces in Japan that are the subject of the current Special Measures Agreement negotiations between the United States Government and the Government of Japan. The report shall include—
(1) a description of each category of costs, including labor, utilities, training relocation, and any other categories the Secretary determines appropriate, that are most directly associated with the stationing of the Armed Forces in Japan; 
(2) a detailed description of which of the costs most directly associated with the stationing of the Armed Forces in Japan are incurred in Japan and which such costs are incurred outside of Japan; 
(3) a description of each category of contributions made by the Government of Japan that allay the costs to United States of stationing the Armed Forces in Japan, as well as the corresponding description of each category of costs incurred by the United States Government; 
(4) the benefits to United States national security and regional security derived from the forward presence of the Armed Forces in Japan; 
(5) the impacts to the national security of the United States, the security of Japan, and peace and stability in the Indo-Pacific region, if a new Special Measures Agreement is not reached before March 31, 2021; and 
(6) any other matters the Secretary determines appropriate. 
(b) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term “appropriate congressional committee” means—