PUBLIC LAW 116-283-JAN. 1, 2021					   134 STAT. 3937

exercises, and foreign military deployments, including listing for each deployment the estimated number of forces deployed, the types of capabilities deployed (including any advanced weapons), the length of deployment as of such date, and, if known, any military-to-military agreement such as a basing agreement with the host nation. 
(12) An assessment of the proliferation activities of Russia and Russian entities, as a supplier of materials, technologies, or expertise relating to nuclear weapons or other weapons of mass destruction or missile systems.
Analysis. 
(13) Developments in Russia’s nuclear program, including the size and state of Russia’s stockpile, an analysis of the nuclear strategy and associated doctrine of Russia and of the capabilities, range, and readiness of all Russian nuclear systems and delivery methods.
(14) A description of Russia’s anti-access and area denial capabilities.
(15) A description of Russia’s modernization program for its command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance program and its applications for Russia’s precision guided weapons.
Consultation.
(16) In consultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of State, developments regarding United States-Russian engagement and cooperation on security matters.
(17) A description of Russia’s asymmetric capabilities, including its strategy and efforts to develop and deploy electronic warfare, space and counterspace, and cyber warfare capabilities, including details on the number of malicious cyber incidents and associated activities against Department of Defense networks that are known or suspected to have been conducted or directed by the Government of the Russian Federation.
(18) An assessment of Russia’s hybrid warfare strategy and capabilities, including—
(A) Russia’s information warfare strategy and capabilities, including the use of misinformation, disinformation, and propaganda in social and traditional media;
(B) Russia’s financing of political parties, think tanks, media organizations, and academic institutions;
(C) Russia’s malicious cyber activities;
(D) Russia’s use of coercive economic tools, including sanctions, market access, and differential pricing, especially in energy exports; and
(E) Russia’s use of criminal networks and corruption to achieve political objectives.
(19) An assessment of attempts by Russia, or any foreign person acting as an agent of or on behalf of Russia, during the preceding year to knowingly disseminate Russian-supported disinformation or propaganda, through social media applications or related Internet-based means, to members of the Armed Forces with probable intent to cause injury to the United States or advantage the Government of the Russian Federation.
Summary.
Time period.
(20) The current state and summary of United States military-to-military cooperation with Russia’s armed forces during the one-year period ending on the date that is one month before the date of submission of the report, including a summary of topics discussed.