134 STAT. 4622         PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

subsection (b) contains inaccurate information; and
        ‘‘(bb) in accordance with regulations
    issued by the Secretary, voluntarily and
    promptly, and in no case later than 90 days
    after the date on which the person submitted
    the report, submits a report containing cor-
    rected information.
                ‘‘(II) EXCEPTIONS.—A person shall not be
       exempt from penalty under clause (i) if, at the
       time the person submits the report required by
       subsection (b), the person—
                        ‘‘(aa) acts for the purpose of evading the
             reporting requirements under subsection (b);
             and
                        ‘‘(bb) has actual knowledge that any
            information contained in the report is inac-
            curate.
            ‘‘(ii) ASSISTANCE.—FinCEN shall provide assist-
       ance to any person seeking to submit a corrected report
    in accordance with clause (i)(I).
                ‘‘(4) USER COMPLAINT PROCESS.—
                               ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Inspector General of the
                    Department of the Treasury, in coordination with the Sec-
                    retary of the Treasury, shall provide public contact infor-
                    mation to receive external comments or complaints regarding
                    the beneficial ownership information notification and collec-
                    tion process or regarding the accuracy, completeness, or
                    timeliness of such information.
                         ‘‘(B) REPORT.—The Inspector General of the Depart-
     Summaries.
           ment of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a periodic
           report that—
                               ‘‘(i) summarizes external comments or complaints
                    and related investigations conducted by the Inspector
                    General related to the collection of beneficial ownership
                    information; and
                Recommendations.
                               ‘‘(ii) includes recommendations, in coordination
              Coordination.
                    with FinCEN, to improve the form and manner of
                    the notification, collection and updating processes of
                    the beneficial ownership information reporting require-
                    ments to ensure the beneficial ownership information
                    reported to FinCEN is accurate, complete, and highly
                    useful.
                ‘‘(5) TREASURY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL INVESTIGA-
    TION IN THE EVENT OF A CYBERSECURITY BREACH.—
                               ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—In the event of a cybersecurity
                    breach that results in substantial unauthorized access and
                    disclosure of sensitive beneficial ownership information,
                    the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury
                    shall conduct an investigation into FinCEN cybersecurity
                    practices that, to the extent possible, determines any
                    vulnerabilities within FinCEN information security and
                    confidentiality protocols and provides recommendations for
                    fixing those deficiencies.
                        ‘‘(B) REPORT.—The Inspector General of the Depart-
    Coordination.  ment of the Treasury shall submit to the Secretary of