PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4073


(i) a description and assessment of the status and operational integrity of the infrastructure of the North Warning System; 

(ii) an assessment of the technology currently used by the North Warning System compared with the technology considered necessary by the Commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command to detect current and anticipated threats; 

(iii) an assessment of the infrastructure and ability of the Alaska Radar System to integrate into the broader North Warning System; and 

(iv) an assessment of the ability of the North Warning System to integrate with current and anticipated space-based sensor platforms. 

(b) REPORT ON PLAN FOR MITIGATION AND MODERNIZATION.— 

(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the United States Northern Command, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, and the Director for Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment of the Joint Staff, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a plan for—
Coordination.

(A) mitigating vulnerabilities of the contiguous United States to known cruise missile threats; and 

(B) modernizing the capabilities provided by the current North Warning System. 

(2) ELEMENTS.—The plan under paragraph (1) shall include the following:

(A) A plan to mitigate any vulnerability of the contiguous United States to known cruise missile threats identified in the report under subsection (a). 

(B) A detailed timeline for the modernization of the North Warning System based on the status of the system as assessed in the report under subsection (a). 

(C) The technological advancements necessary for ground-based North Warning System sites to address current and anticipated threats (as specified by the Commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command). 

(D) An assessment of the number of future North Warning System sites required in order to address current and anticipated threats (as so specified). 

(E) Any new or complementary technologies required to accomplish the mission of the North Warning System. 

(F) The cost and schedule, by year, of the plan. 


Subtitle E—Matters Relating to Certain 
Commercial Terrestrial Operations 


SEC. 1661. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN 
PURPOSES RELATING TO THE GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM.

(a) PROHIBITION.—Except as provided by subsection (b), none 10 USC 2281 of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise note. made available for fiscal year 2021 or any subsequent fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to