PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                 134 STAT. 4331

"(2) To satisfy the reporting requirement specified in paragraph 
(1)(B), a report under paragraph (1) shall contain the following:
    "(A) A list of overseas military locations. For any overseas 
military location established during the previous fiscal year, 
the reasons for the establishment of the overseas military loca-
tion.
        List.
    "(B) A description of the strategic goal and operational 
requirements supported by each overseas military location.
list.
    "(C) A list of each construction or facility improvement 
project carried out by the Department of Defense regardless 
of the funding source, and each construction or facility improve-
ment project accepted as a payment-in-kind, at overseas mili-
tary locations during the previous fiscal year if the construction 
or facility improvement project was not specifically authorized 
in a Military Construction Authorization Act or congressional 
notice of the construction or facility improvement project was 
not provided by another means. Each construction or facility 
improvement project on the list shall be delineated by project 
location, project title or description, project cost, including costs 
covered by the host country, and authority used to undertake 
the project.
        List.
    "(D) For each overseas military location first designated 
as an enduring location in one of the previous two required 
reports, a list of required construction and facility improvement 
projects anticipated to be carried out by the Department of 
Defense directly or through the acceptance of payments-in-
kind during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted 
and the next four fiscal years. Each construction or facility 
improvement project on the list shall be delineated by project 
location, project title or description, estimated project cost, 
including costs anticipated to be covered by the host country, 
and authority to be used to undertake the project.
    "(E) An overview of any annual lease or access costs to 
the United States for each overseas military location designated 
as an enduring location.
    "(F) A description of any plans to transition an existing 
contingency overseas military location to an enduring overseas 
military location, or to upgrade or downgrade the designation 
of an existing enduring or contingency overseas military loca-
tion, during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted.
Summary.
List.
    "(G) A list of any overseas military locations that, during 
the previous fiscal year, were transferred to the control of 
security forces of the host country or another military force, 
closed, or for any other reason no longer used by the armed 
forces, including a summary of any costs associated with the 
transfer or closure of the overseas military location.
    "(H) A summary of any force protection risks identified 
for cooperative security locations and contingency locations, 
the actions proposed to mitigate such risks, and the resourcing 
and implementation plan to implement the mitigation actions.
Summary.
Plan.
    "(I) Such other such matters related to overseas military 
locations as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate.
Definitions.
    "(3) In this subsection:
        "(A)(i) The term 'overseas military location' covers 
    enduring locations and contingency locations established out-
    side the United States.