134 STAT. 4420          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021


        (2) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS DEFINED.—In
            this section the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’
            means—
                (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and
            Transportation and the Committee on Armed Services of
            the Senate; and
                (B) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
            ture and the Committee on Armed Services of the House
            of Representatives.

              Subtitle C—Other Matters

SEC. 3521. MARITIME SECURITY AND DOMAIN AWARENESS.

    (a) PROGRESS REPORT ON MARITIME SECURITY.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date
            of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in
            coordination with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
            Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, and the
            heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, shall submit to
            the congressional defense committees, the Committee on For-
            eign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee
            on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the steps taken
            since December 20, 2019, to make further use of the following
            mechanisms to combat IUU fishing:
                (A) Inclusion of counter-IUU fishing in existing
            shiprider agreements to which the United States is a party.
                (B) Entry into shiprider agreements that include
            counter-IUU fishing with priority flag states and countries
            in priority regions with which the United States does not
            already have such agreements.
                (C) Inclusion of counter-IUU fishing in the mission
            of the Combined Maritime Forces.
                (D) Inclusion of counter-IUU fishing exercises in the
            annual at-sea exercises conducted by the Department of
            Defense, in coordination with the United States Coast
            Guard.
                (E) Development of partnerships similar to the Oceania
            Maritime Security Initiative and the Africa Maritime Law
            Enforcement Partnership in other priority regions.
        (2) ELEMENT.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall
            include a description of specific steps taken by the Secretary
            of the Navy with respect to each mechanism described in para-
            graph (1), including a detailed description of any security
            cooperation engagement undertaken to combat IUU fishing by
            such mechanisms and resulting coordination between the
            Department of the Navy and the Coast Guard.
    (b) ASSESSMENT OF SERVICE COORDINATION ON MARITIME
        DOMAIN AWARENESS.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date
            of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall
            enter into an agreement with the Secretary of the department
            in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with
            the Secretary of Commerce, to assess the available commercial
            solutions for collecting, sharing, and disseminating among