PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

`` § 1904. Advisory Board on Women at the Coast Guard Academy

    (a) IN GENERAL.—The Superintendent of the Academy shall establish at the Coast Guard Academy an advisory board to be known as the Advisory Board on Women at the Coast Guard Academy (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Board’).

    (b) MEMBERSHIP.—The Advisory Board shall be composed of not fewer than 12 current cadets of the Coast Guard Academy, including not fewer than 3 cadets from each current class.

    (c) APPOINTMENT; TERM.—Cadets shall serve on the Advisory Board pursuant to appointment by the Superintendent of the Academy. Appointments shall be made not later than 60 days after the date of the swearing in of a new class of cadets at the Academy. The term of membership of a cadet on the Advisory Board shall be 1 academic year.

    (d) REAPPOINTMENT.—The Superintendent of the Academy may reappoint not more than 6 cadets from the previous term to serve on the Advisory Board for an additional academic year if the Superintendent of the Academy determines such reappointment to be in the best interests of the Coast Guard Academy.

    (e) MEETINGS.—The Advisory Board shall meet with the Commandant at least once each academic year on the activities of the Advisory Board. The Advisory Board shall meet in person with the Superintendent of the Academy not less than twice each academic year on the duties of the Advisory Board.

    (f) DUTIES.—The Advisory Board shall identify opportunities and challenges facing cadets at the Academy who are women, including an assessment of culture, leadership development, and access to health care of cadets at the Academy who are women.

    (g) WORKING GROUPS.—The Advisory Board may establish one or more working groups to assist the Advisory Board in carrying out its duties, including working groups composed in part of cadets at the Academy who are not current members of the Advisory Board.

    (h) REPORTS AND BRIEFINGS.—The Advisory Board shall regularly provide the Commandant and the Superintendent reports and briefings on the results of its duties, including recommendations for actions to be taken in light of such results. Such reports and briefings may be provided in writing, in person, or both.”; and

        (3) by amending the analysis for such chapter—

            (A) by amending the item relating to section 1904 to read as follows:

                “1904. Advisory Board on Women at the Coast Guard Academy.”; and

            (B) by adding at the end the following:

                “1906. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants.”.

(c) ADVISORY BOARD ON WOMEN IN THE COAST GUARD.—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended—

        (1) by redesignating subchapter II as subchapter III;

        (2) by inserting after subchapter I the following:

                    “SUBCHAPTER II—ADVISORY BOARD ON WOMEN IN THE COAST GUARD

`` § 2521. Advisory Board on Women in the Coast Guard

    (a) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant shall establish within the Coast Guard an Advisory Board on Women in the Coast Guard.