PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3727

item relating to section 1720F and inserting the following new item:
“1720F. Comprehensive program for suicide prevention among veterans and merers of the reserve components of the Armed Forces.”.

(b) MENTAL HEALTH TREATMENT FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO SERVED IN CLASSIFIED MISSIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 1720H of such title is amended—
(A) in subsection (a)—
(i) in paragraph (1)—
(I) by striking “eligible veteran” and inserting “eligible individual”; and
(II) by striking “the veteran” and inserting “the individual”; and
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking “eligible veterans” and inserting “eligible individuals”;
(B) in subsection (b)—
(i) by striking “a veteran” and inserting “an individual”; and
(ii) by striking “eligible veteran” and inserting “eligible individual”; and
(C) in subsection (c)—
(i) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking “The term ‘eligible veteran’ means a veteran” and inserting “The term ‘eligible individual’ means a veteran or a member of the reserve components of the Armed Forces”; and
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking “eligible veteran” and inserting “eligible individual”.
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Such section is further amended, in the section heading, by inserting “and members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who served in classified missions’ after “veterans”.
(B) TABLE OF SECTIONS.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1720H and inserting the following new item:
“1720H. Mental health treatment for veterans and members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who served in classified missions.”.

SEC. 765. REPORT ON MENTAL HEALTH AND RELATED SERVICES PROVIDED BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes an assessment of the following:
(1) The increase, as compared to the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, of the number of members of the Armed Forces that use readjustment counseling or out-patient mental health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs, disaggregated by State, Vet Center location, and clinical care site of the Department, as appropriate.
(2) The number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces receiving telemental health care from the Department.