PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4083

or prevent the head of an agency from disclosing information to the Secretary, the Secretary in carrying out this section and title XXII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) may access, use, retain, and disclose, and the head of an agency may disclose to the Secretary, information, for the purpose of protecting information and information systems from cybersecurity risks.
		
‘‘(2) EXCEPTION.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to national security systems or to information systems described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (e).’’.

SEC. 1706. IMPROVEMENTS RELATING TO THE QUADRENNIAL CYBER POSTURE REVIEW.
		
Section 1644(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), as amended by section 1635 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92), is further amended—
		
(1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows:
		
‘‘(1) The assessment and definition of the role of cyber forces in the national defense and military strategies of the United States.’’;
		
(2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows:
		
‘‘(2) Review of the following:
		
‘‘(A) The role of cyber operations in combatant commander warfighting plans.
		
‘‘(B) The ability of combatant commanders to respond to adversary cyber attacks.
		
‘‘(C) The international partner cyber capacity-building programs of the Department.’’;
		
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows:
		
‘‘(3) A review of the law, policies, and authorities relating to, and necessary for, the United States to maintain a safe, reliable, and credible cyber posture for defending against and responding to cyber attacks and for deterrence in cyberspace, including the following:

‘‘(A) An assessment of the need for further delegation of cyber-related authorities, including those germane to information warfare, to the Commander of United States Cyber Command.

‘‘(B) An evaluation of the adequacy of mission authorities for all cyber-related military components, defense agencies, directorates, centers, and commands.’’;
		
(4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘A declaratory’’ and inserting ‘‘A review of the need for or for updates to a declaratory’’;
		
(5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Proposed’’ and inserting ‘‘A review of’’;
		
(6) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows:
		
‘‘(6) A review of a strategy to deter, degrade, or defeat malicious cyber activity targeting the United States (which may include activities, capability development, and operations other than cyber activities, cyber capability development, and cyber operations), including—
		
‘‘(A) A review and assessment of various approaches to competition and deterrence in cyberspace, determined in consultation with experts from Government, academia, and industry;