134 STAT. 3612          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

as the Court finds correct in law, and in fact in accordance with subparagraph (B). The Court may affirm only the sentence, or such part or amount of the sentence, as the Court finds correct in law and fact and determines, on the basis of the entire record, should be approved.

                        ``(B) FACTUAL SUFFICIENCY REVIEW.—(i) In an appeal of a finding of guilt under subsection (b), the Court may consider whether the finding is correct in fact upon request of the accused if the accused makes a specific showing of a deficiency in proof.

Determination.         ``(ii) After an accused has made such a showing, the Court may weigh the evidence and determine controverted questions of fact subject to—
                                            ``(I) appropriate deference to the fact that the trial court saw and heard the witnesses and other evidence; and
                                            ``(II) appropriate deference to findings of fact entered into the record by the military judge.
                                            ``(iii) If, as a result of the review conducted under clause (ii), the Court is clearly convinced that the finding of guilty was against the weight of the evidence, the Court may dismiss, set aside, or modify the finding, or affirm a lesser finding.''.
Analysis.                (c) REVIEW BY UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES OF FACTUAL SUFFICIENCY RULINGS.—Section 867(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code (article 67(c)(1) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended—
                                            (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``or'' at the end;
                                            (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ``; or''; and
                                            (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
                                                           ``(C) the findings set forth in the entry of judgment, as affirmed, dismissed, set aside, or modified by the Court of Criminal Appeals or incorrect in fact under section 866(d)(1)(B).''.
                                   (d) INCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IN ANNUAL REPORTS.—Section 946a(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code (article 146a(b)(2) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended—
                                             (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``and'' at the end;
                                             (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ``, and''; and
                                             (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
                                                           ``(D) an analysis of each case in which a Court of Criminal Appeals made a final determination that a finding of a court-martial was clearly against the weight of the evidence, including an explanation of the standard of appellate review applied in such case.''.
10 USC 866 note.    (e) EFFECTIVE DATES AND APPLICABILITY.—
                                             (1) QUALIFICATIONS OF CERTAIN JUDGES.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to the assignment of appellate military judges on or after that date.
                                             (2) REVIEW AMENDMENTS.—The amendments made by subsections (b) and (c) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to any case in which every finding of guilty entered into the record under section 860c of title 10, United States Code (article 60c of the Uniform