134 STAT. 4670        PUBLIC LAW 116-283 — JAN. 1, 2021

(B) actions taken by the Coast Guard in coordination with vessel and facility owners and operators to protect commercial vessels and port facility infrastructure from cyber attacks and proliferation. 
(7) Requirements of the Commandant for the reporting of cyber incidents that occur on the vessels described in paragraph (1). 
(c) RECOMMENDATIONS AND APPROPRIATIONS. — The Commandant shall include in the report under subsection (a) — (1) recommendations — (A) to improve cyber incident response; and (B) for policies to address gaps identified by the review under subsection (b); and (2) a description of authorities and appropriations necessary to improve the preparedness of the Coast Guard for cyber incidents on vessels entering ports or waters of the United States and the ability of the Coast Guard to prevent and respond to such incidents. 
(d) FORM. — The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
(e) VESSEL OF THE UNITED STATES DEFINED. — In this section, the term “vessel of the United States” has the meaning given such term in section 116 of title 46, United States Code.

SEC. 8245. STUDY AND REPORT ON COAST GUARD INTERDICTION OF ILLICIT DRUGS IN TRANSIT ZONES. 
(a) FINDINGS. — Congress makes the following findings: 
(1) The Coast Guard seizes an average of 1,221 pounds of cocaine and 85 pounds of marijuana each day in the transit zones of the Eastern Pacific Ocean, Caribbean Sea, and Southern maritime border approaches. 
(2) The Joint Interagency Task Force — South (JIATF-South) estimates that it has a spectrum of actionable intelligence on more than 80 percent of drug movements into the United States from Central America and South America. 
(3) The Coast Guard must balance asset allocation across 11 statutory missions. As such, the Coast Guard interdicts less than 10 percent of maritime noncommercial smuggling of illicit drugs into the United States from Central America and South America. 
(4) In 2017, the Government Accountability Office recommended that the Commandant of the Coast Guard — (A) develop new performance goals relating to the interdiction of illicit drugs smuggled into the United States, or describe the manner in which existing goals are sufficient; (B) report such goals to the public;
(C) assess the extent to which limitations in performance data with respect to such goals are documented; (D) document measurable corrective actions and implementation timeframes with respect to such goals; and (E) document efforts to monitor implementation of such corrective actions. 
(b) STUDY. — The Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall conduct a study in order to identify gaps in resources that contribute