PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4413

that require payments under section 53406 of this title for more than 10 vessels.
‘‘(d) JUDICIAL REVIEW.—No court shall have jurisdiction to review the Secretary’s decision with respect to the award or nonaward of an operating agreement issued under this chapter.

‘‘§ 53404. Effectiveness of operating agreements
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the Secretary may enter into an operating agree-
ment under this chapter for fiscal year 2022 and any subsequent fiscal year. The agreement shall be effective only for 1 fiscal year, but shall be renewable, subject to the availability of appropriations, for each fiscal year through the end of fiscal year 2035.
‘‘(b) VESSELS UNDER CHARTER TO THE UNITED STATES.—The program participant of a vessel under charter to the United States
is eligible to receive payments pursuant to any operating agreement that covers such vessel.
‘‘(c) TERMINATION.—
‘‘(1) TERMINATION BY SECRETARY FOR LACK OF PROGRAM PARTICIPANT COMPLIANCE.—If the program participant with respect to an operating agreement materially fails to comply with the terms of the agreement—
‘‘(A) the Secretary shall notify the program participant and provide a reasonable opportunity to comply with the operating agreement; and
‘‘(B) the Secretary shall terminate the operating agree-
ment if the program participant fails to achieve such compliance.
‘‘(2) TERMINATION BY PROGRAM PARTICIPANT.—If a program participant provides notice of the intent to terminate an oper-
ating agreement under this chapter on a date specified by the program participant that is no more than 60 days prior to the date specified by the program participant for such termination, such agreement shall termi-
nate on the date specified by the program participant.
‘‘(d) NONRENEWAL FOR LACK OF FUNDS.—If, by the first day of a fiscal year, sufficient funds have not been appropriated under the authority provided by this chapter for that fiscal year, then the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that operating agreements authorized under this chapter for which sufficient funds are not available will not be renewed for that fiscal year if sufficient funds are not appropriated by the 60th day of that fiscal year.
‘‘(e) RELEASE OF VESSELS FROM OBLIGATIONS.—If funds are not appropriated for payments under an operating agreement under this chapter for any fiscal year by the 60th day of that fiscal year, then—
‘‘(1) each vessel covered by the operating agreement is thereby released from any further obligation under the oper-
ating agreement;
‘‘(2) the program participant for the vessel may transfer and register such vessel under a foreign registry that is accept-
able to the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding section 56101 of this title; and