134 STAT. 3396                PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Sec. 598. Limitation on implementation of Army Combat Fitness Test.
Sec. 599. Semiannual reports on implementation of recommendations of the Comprehensive Review of Special Operations Forces Culture and Ethics.
Sec. 599A. Report on impact of children of certain Filipino World War II veterans on national security, foreign policy, and economic and humanitarian interests of the United States.

                                TITLE VI—MILITARY COMPENSATION

                        Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances

Sec. 601. Increase in basic pay.
Sec. 602. Compensation and credit for retired pay purposes for maternity leave taken by members of the reserve components.
Sec. 603. Provision of information regarding SCRA to members who receive basic allowance for housing.
Sec. 604. Reorganization of certain allowances other than travel and transportation allowances.
Sec. 605. Expansion of travel and transportation allowances to include fares and tolls.
Sec. 606. One-time uniform allowance for officers who transfer to the Space Force.

                        Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special Incentive Pays

Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities.
Sec. 612. Increase in special and incentive pays for officers in health professions.
Sec. 613. Increase in certain hazardous duty incentive pay for members of the uniformed services.
Sec. 614. Payment of hazardous duty incentive pay for members of the uniformed services.
Sec. 615. Clarification of 30 days of continuous duty on board a ship required for family separation allowance for members of the uniformed services.

                        Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Family and Survivor Benefits

Sec. 621. Modernization and clarification of payment authorities under Reserve Death and Disability Benefits.
Sec. 622. Restatement and clarification of authority to reimburse members for spouse relicensing costs pursuant to a permanent change of station.
Sec. 623. Expansion of death gratuity for ROTC graduates.
Sec. 624. Expansion of assistance for Gold Star spouses and other dependents.
Sec. 625. Gold Star Families Parks Pass.
Sec. 626. Recalculation of financial assistance for providers of child care services and youth program services for dependents.
Sec. 627. Priority for certain military family housing to a member of the Armed Forces whose spouse agrees to provide family home day care services.
Sec. 628. Study on feasibility and advisability of TSP contributions by military spouses.
Sec. 629. Report on implications of expansion of authority to provide financial assistance to civilian providers of child care services or youth program services for survivors of members of the Armed Forces who die in the line of duty.
Sec. 629A. Report on extension of commissary and exchange benefits for surviving remarried spouses with dependent children of members of the Armed Forces who die while on active duty or certain reserve duty.

                        Subtitle D—Defense Resale Matters

Sec. 631. Base responders essential needs and dining access.
Sec. 632. First responder access to mobile exchanges.
Sec. 633. Updated business case analysis for consolidation of the defense resale system.

                        Subtitle E—Other Personnel Rights and Benefits

Sec. 641. Approval of certain activities by retired and reserve members of the uniformed services.
Sec. 642. Permanent authority for and enhancement of the Government lodging program.
Sec. 643. Operation of Stars and Stripes.

                                TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS

                        Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits

Sec. 701. Improvement to breast cancer screening.
Sec. 702. Waiver of fees charged to certain civilians for emergency medical treatment provided at military medical treatment facilities.