PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 3623

complies with the standardized screening process developed pursuant to subparagraph (A).
(3) REQUIRED NOTIFICATIONS.—
(A) DOCUMENTATION.—The Secretary of each military department shall require that installation Family Advocacy Programs and military criminal investigative organizations under the jurisdiction of such Secretary document in their respective databases the date on which they notified the other of a reported incident of serious harm to a child.
(B) OVERSIGHT.—The Secretary of each military department shall require that the Family Advocacy Program of such military department, and the headquarters of the military criminal investigative organizations of such military department, develop processes to oversee the documentation of notifications required by subparagraph (A) in order to ensure that such notifications occur on a consistent basis at installation level.
(4) CERTIFIED PEDIATRIC SEXUAL ASSAULT FORENSIC EXAMINERS.—
(A) GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS FOR EXAMINERS.—The Secretary of Defense shall specify geographic regions in which military families reside for purposes of the availability of and access to certified pediatric sexual assault examiners in such regions.
(B) AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary shall ensure that—
(i) one or more certified pediatric sexual assault examiners are located in each geographic region specified pursuant to subparagraph (A); and
(ii) examiners so located serve as certified pediatric sexual assault examiners throughout such region, without regard to Armed Force or installation.
(5) REMOVAL OF CHILDREN FROM UNSAFE HOMES OVERSEAS.—The Secretary of Defense shall issue policy that clarifies and standardizes across the Armed Forces the circumstances under which a commander may remove a child from a potentially unsafe home at an installation overseas.
(6) RESOURCE GUIDE FOR VICTIMS OF SERIOUS HARM TO CHILDREN.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of each military department shall develop and maintain a comprehensive guide on resources available through the Department of Defense and such military department for military families under the jurisdiction of such Secretary who are victims of serious harm to children.
(B) ELEMENTS.—Each guide under this paragraph shall include the following:
(i) Information on the response processes of the Family Advocacy Programs and military criminal investigative organizations of the military department concerned.
(ii) Lists of available support services, such as legal, medical, and victim advocacy services, through the Department of Defense and the military department concerned.