134 STAT. 3690           PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021           program for a three-year period beginning not later than March 1, 2021.
( C) SELECTION OF MEDICATION.—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall select non-generic prescription maintenance medications described in section 1074g(a)(9)(C)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, to be covered by the pilot program.
( D) NOTIFICATION.—If the Secretary carries out the pilot pro- gram under subsection (a)(1), in providing each eligible covered beneficiary with an explanation of benefits, the Secretary shall notify the beneficiary of whether the medication that the beneficiary is prescribed is covered by the pilot program.
Deadline. ( E) BRIEFING AND REPORTS.--
(1) BRIEFING.—If the Secretary determines to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the implementation of the pilot program.
(2) INTERIM REPORT.—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), not later than 18 months after the commencement of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the pilot program.
(3) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), not later than September 30, 2024, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the pilot program. 
(B) ELEMENTS.—The report under subparagraph (A) shall include the following:
(i) The number of eligible covered beneficiaries who participated in the pilot program and an assess- ment of the satisfaction of such beneficiaries with the pilot program.
(ii) The rate by which eligible covered beneficiaries elected to receive non-generic prescription maintenance medications at a retail pharmacy pursuant to the pilot program, and how such rate affected military medical treatment facility pharmacies and the national mail- order pharmacy program.
(iii) The amount of cost savings realized by the pilot program, including with respect to—
(I) dispensing fees incurred at retail phar- macies compared to the national mail-order phar- macy program for brand name prescription drugs;
(II) administrative fees;
(III) any costs paid by the United States for the drugs in addition to the procurement costs;
(IV) the use of military medical treatment facilities; and
(V) copayments paid by eligible covered bene- ficiaries.
(iv) A comparison of supplemental rebates between retail pharmacies and other points of sale.
