134 STAT. 3750           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021  

Effective date.  
10 USC 2306a note.

Consultation.

Analyses.

Classified information.

(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking “section and” and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting “section and the price of the subcontract is expected to exceed $2,000,000.”; and

(C) in subparagraph (D), by striking “subcontract if” and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting “subcontract if the price adjustment is expected to exceed $2,000.000.”.

(2) APPLICABILITY.—The amendments made by this sub-section hall apply to any contract, or modification or change to a contract, entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(b) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than July 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall provide to the congressional defense commit-tees a report analyzing the impact, including any benefits to the Federal Government, of the amendments made by this section.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements:
(A) Data to illustrate any efficiencies achieved, costs avoided, and acquisition timelines improved.
(B) Analysis of associated costs to the Federal Govern-ment, if any.
(C) Analysis of underlying causes or factors that limited the benefits described in subparagraph (A).
(D) Other matters the Secretary deems appropriate.
(3) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be in an unclassified form but may contain a classified annex.

SEC. 815. PROMPT PAYMENT OF CONTRACTORS.
Section 2307(a)(2) of title  10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking “if a specific payment date is not established by contract;” and
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking “if—” and all that follows through “the prime contractor agrees” and inserting “if the prime contractor agrees or proposes”.
SEC. 816. DOCUMENTATION PERTAINING TO COMMERCIAL ITEM DETERMINATIONS.
Section 2380 of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c); and
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new sub-section:
“(b) DETERMINATIONS REGARDING THE COMMERCIAL NATURE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—In making a determination whether a particular product or service offered by a contractor meets the definition of a commercial product or commercial service, a contracting officer of the Department of Defense may—
“(A) request support from the Director of the Defense Contract Management Agency, the Director of the Defense Contract Audit Agency, or other appropriate experts in the Department to make a determination whether a product or service is a commercial product or commercial service; and