PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3801

of the Department of Defense, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, and the financial managers of the military departments in carrying out activities under this subsection.
‘‘(d) COVERED ELEMENTS OF REFORM.—For purposes of this section and the policies, guidance, and reporting framework required by subsection (c), covered elements of reform may include the following:
‘‘(1) Business systems modernization. 
‘‘(2) Enterprise business operations process re-engineering. 
‘‘(3) Expanded and modernized collection, management, dissemination, and visualization of data to support decisionmaking at all levels of the enterprise.
‘‘(4) Improvements in workforce training and education and increasing capabilities of the Department workforce to support and execute reform activities and business processes.
‘‘(5) Improvements to decision-making processes to enable cost savings, cost avoidance, or investments to develop process improvements.
‘‘(6) Such other elements as the Secretary considers appropriate.
‘‘(e) ANNUAL REPORT.—At the same time the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary shall, using the policies, guidance, and reporting framework required by subsection (c), submit to the congressional defense committees a report, including detailed narrative justifications and tradeoff analyses between options, on the actions of the Department as follows:
‘‘(1) The activities, expenditures, and accomplishments carried out or made to effect reform under this section during the fiscal year in which such budget is submitted. 
‘‘(2) The proposed activities, expenditures, and accomplishments to effect reform under this section, and consistent with priorities established by the Secretary, during the fiscal year covered by such budget and each of the four succeeding fiscal years.’’.
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 125 the following new item: ‘‘125a. Reform: improvement of efficacy and efficiency.’’.
(b) IMPLEMENTING POLICIES, GUIDANCE, AND REPORTING FRAMEWORK.— (1) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—Not later than March 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the policies, guidance, and reporting framework established pursuant to subsection (c) of section 125a of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section). (2) UPDATE.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the submittal to Congress of the report required by section 901(d) of this Act, the Secretary shall update the reporting framework referred to in paragraph (1). (c) COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the submittal to Congress pursuant to subsection (b) of the policies, guidance, and reporting framework established pursuant to subsection (c) of section 125a of title 10, United States Code (as so added), the Comptroller