PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4837

that come within the possession or control of any United States person;
(B) discussing efforts being undertaken to identify more such stolen assets and their owners or beneficial owners; and
(C) including a discussion of the interactions of the Department of the Treasury with the international financial institutions (as defined in section 1701(c)(2) of the International Financial Institutions Act) to identify the amount, location, and ownership, or beneficial ownership, of stolen assets held in financial institutions outside the United States.

(2) EXCEPTION.—The report issued under paragraph (1) shall not include information related to ongoing investigations or information related to closed investigations that would reveal identities of individuals not charged with a criminal offense, would reveal identities of investigative sources or methods, would reveal identities of witnesses, would compromise subsequent investigations, or the disclosure of which is otherwise prohibited by law, the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, regulation, or court order.

(h) REPORT ON DISPOSITION OF RECOVERED ASSETS.—Within 360 days of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, shall issue a report to the appropriate committees of Congress describing policy choices and recommendations for disposition of stolen assets recovered pursuant to this section.

(i) SUNSET OF PILOT PROGRAM.—The authorities under this section, as well as the program established pursuant to this section, shall terminate three years after the date of the enactment of this Act.

(j) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section:
(1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF THE CONGRESS.—The term “appropriate committees of the Congress” means the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate.
(2) FINANCIAL ASSET.—The term “financial asset” means any funds, investments, or ownership interests, as defined by the Secretary, that on or after the date of the enactment of this section come within the United States or that come within the possession or control of any United States person.
(3) FOREIGN GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION.—The term “foreign government corruption” means corruption, as defined by the United Nations Convention Against Corruption.
(4) FOREIGN PUBLIC OFFICIAL.—The term “foreign public official” includes any person who occupies a public office by virtue of having been elected, appointed, or employed, including any military, civilian, special, honorary, temporary, or uncompensated official.
(5) IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBER.—The term “immediate family member”, with respect to an individual, has the meaning given the term “member of the immediate family” under section