PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3681

(2) Administrative requirements for an eligible remarried spouse to obtain access described in subsection (a).

(3) An assessment of the consistency of procedures described in subsection (a) across—
    (A) the Armed Forces; and
    (B) installations of the Department of Defense.
(4) Security considerations arising from granting access described in subsection (a).
(5) Other matters the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate.

(c) DEADLINE.—The Secretary shall submit the report under this section not later than March 1, 2021.

(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
    (1) The term “eligible remarried spouse” means an individual who is a surviving former spouse of a covered member of the Armed Forces, who has remarried after the death of the covered member of the Armed Forces and has guardianship of dependent children of the deceased member;
    (2) The term “covered member of the Armed Forces” means a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving—
        (A) on active duty; or
        (B) on such reserve duty as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security may jointly specify for purposes of this section.
    (3) The term “MWR retail facility” has the meaning given that term in section 1063 of title 10, United States Code.

Subtitle D—Defense Resale Matters

SEC. 631. BASE RESPONDERS ESSENTIAL NEEDS AND DINING ACCESS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section:

“§ 1066. Use of commissary stores and MWR facilities: protective services civilian employees
    ‘‘(a) ELIGIBILITY OF PROTECTIVE SERVICES CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES.—An individual employed as a protective services civilian employee at a military installation may be permitted to purchase food and hygiene items at a commissary store or MWR retail facility located on that military installation.
    ‘‘(b) USER FEE AUTHORITY.—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations that impose a user fee on individuals who are eligible solely under this section to purchase merchandise at a commissary store or MWR retail facility.
        ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall set the user fee under this subsection at a rate that the Secretary determines will offset any increase in expenses arising from this section borne by the Department of the Treasury on behalf of commissary stores associated with the use of credit or debit cards for customer purchases, including expenses related to card network use and related transaction processing fees.
        “(3) The Secretary shall deposit funds collected pursuant to a user fee under this subsection in the General Fund of the Treasury.
        “(4) Any fee under this subsection is in addition to the uniform surcharge under section 2484(d) of this title.