134 STAT. 4632		PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

SEC. 6507. TREASURY STUDY AND STRATEGY ON MONEY LAUNDERING BY THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA.
   (a) STUDY.—The Secretary shall carry out a study, which shall rely substantially on information obtained through the trade-based money laundering analyses conducted by the Comptroller General of the United States, on—
       (1) the extent and effect of illicit finance risk relating to the Government of the People’s Republic of China and Chinese firms, including financial institutions;
       (2) an assessment of the illicit finance risks emanating from the People’s Republic of China;
       (3) those risks allowed, directly or indirectly, by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, including those enabled by weak regulatory or administrative controls of that government; and
       (4) the ways in which the increasing amount of global trade and investment by the Government of the People’s Republic of China and Chinese firms exposes the international financial system to increased risk relating to illicit finance.
   (b) STRATEGY TO COUNTER CHINESE MONEY LAUNDERING.—Upon the completion of the study required under subsection (a), the Secretary, in consultation with such other Federal agencies as the Secretary determines appropriate, shall develop a strategy to combat Chinese money laundering activities.
   (c) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing—
       (1) all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under subsection (a); and
       (2) the strategy developed under subsection (b).
   (d) CLASSIFIED ANNEX.—The report required by subsection (c)—
       (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form; and
       (2) may include a classified annex.

SEC. 6508. TREASURY AND JUSTICE STUDY ON THE EFFORTS OF AUTHORITARIAN REGIMES TO EXPLOIT THE FINANCIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
   (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Attorney General, in consultation with the heads of other relevant national security, intelligence, and law enforcement agencies, shall conduct a study that considers how authoritarian regimes in foreign countries and their proxies use the financial system of the United States to—
       (1) conduct political influence operations;
       (2) sustain kleptocratic methods of maintaining power;
       (3) export corruption;
       (4) fund nongovernmental organizations, media organizations, or academic initiatives in the United States to advance the interests of those regimes; and
       (5) otherwise undermine democratic governance in the United States and the partners and allies of the United States.
   (b) REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report that contains—