134 STAT. 3800	                                                                             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

an analysis of the process used by the Department of Defense to identify reports to Congress required by annual national defense authorization Acts, assign responsibility for preparation of such reports, and manage the completion and delivery of such reports to Congress for the purpose of identifying mechanisms to optimize and otherwise modernize the process.
    (b) CONSULTATION. —The Assistant Secretary shall conduct the analysis required by subsection (a) with the assistance of and in consultation with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense.
    (c) ELEMENTS. —The analysis required by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
        (1) A business process reengineering of the process described in subsection (a).
        (2) An assessment of applicable commercially available analytics tools, technologies, and services in connection with such business process reengineering.
        (3) Such other actions as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the analysis.
                                                 
Assessment.
                                                 
    Subtitle B—Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters
                                             
SEC. 911. REFORM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.
    (a) REFORM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. —
        (1) IN GENERAL. —Chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 125 the following new section:
                                                
10 USC 125a. 
Assessment. 
                                                 
                                                
‘‘§ 125a. Reform: improvement of efficacy and efficiency
    ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL. —The Secretary of Defense shall take such action as is necessary to reform the Department of Defense to improve the efficacy and efficiency of the Department, and to improve the ability of the Department to prioritize among and assess the costs and benefits of covered elements of reform.
    ‘‘(b) POLICY. —The Secretary shall develop a policy and issue guidance to implement reform within the Department and to improve the ability of the Department to prioritize among and assess the costs and benefits of covered elements of reform.
                                                   
Assessment.
                                                
    ‘‘(c) FRAMEWORK FOR REFORM. —
        ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL. —Not later than February 1, 2022, the Secretary shall establish policies, guidance, and a consistent reporting framework to measure the progress of the Department toward covered elements of reform, including by establishing categories of reform, consistent metrics, and a process for prioritization of reform activities.
        ‘‘(2) SCOPE. —The framework required by paragraph (1) may address duties under the following: 
            ‘‘(A) Section 125 of this title.
            ‘‘(B) Section 192 of this title.
            ‘‘(C) Section 2222 of this title.
            ‘‘(D) Section 1124 of title 31.
            ‘‘(E) Section 11319 of title 40.
        ‘‘(3) CONSULTATION. —The Secretary shall consult with the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Performance Improvement Officer of the Department of Defense, the Chief Data Officer