134 STAT. 3778             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

5(i) of the Small Business Act)” and inserting ‘‘the Administration (as established under sec- tion 5(i))’’;
(II) in subparagraph (B)—
(aa) in clause (i)—
(AA) by striking ‘‘small business con- cern owned and controlled by veterans with service-connected disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled vet- erans’’; and
(BB) by striking ‘‘of the Small Busi- ness Administration’’; and
(bb) in clause (ii)—
(AA) by amending subclause (I) to read as follows:
‘‘(I) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Adminis- trator; or’’; and
(BB) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘the contracting officer of the Department’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable contracting officer’’; and
(III) by striking subparagraph (C);
(C) by redesignating subsections (k) (relating to limita- tions on subcontracting) and (l) (relating to definitions) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively;
(D) by inserting after subsection (j) (relating to annual reports) the following new subsection:

Reimbursement.       ‘‘(k) ANNUAL TRANSFER FOR CERTIFICATION COSTS.—For each fiscal year, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall reimburse the Administrator in an amount necessary to cover any costs incurred by the Administrator for certifying small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans that do not qualify as small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the Secretary for purposes of this section and section 8128 of this title. The Administrator is authorized to accept such reimburse- ment. The amount of any such reimbursement shall be determined jointly by the Secretary and the Administrator and shall be provided from fees collected by the Secretary under multiple-award schedule contracts. Any disagreement about the amount shall be resolved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.’’; and
(E) in subsection (m) (relating to definitions), as so redesignated—
(i) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respectively; and
(ii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesig- nated, the following new paragraph:
 Definition.        ‘‘(1) The term ‘Administrator’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Administration.’’.

Effective date. 15 USC 657f note.        (2) TRANSFER OF REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO DATABASE TO THE SMALL BUSINESS ACT.—Effective on the transfer date, subsection (f) of section 8127 of title 38, United States Code (as amended by paragraph (1)), is transferred to section 36 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657f), and inserted so as to appear after subsection (e).
        (3) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—The following amend- ments shall take effect on the transfer date: