PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021		134 STAT. 4103

												Deadline.
																				Briefing.

		‘‘(A) with respect to any recommendation with which
		the Director concurs, an action plan to implement the rec-
		ommendation; and

		‘‘(B) with respect to any recommendation with which
		the Director does not concur, a justification for why the
		Director does not plan to implement the recommendation.

		‘‘(6) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION.—Not less frequently
		than once per year after the date of enactment of this section,
		the Director shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Secu-
		rity and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Appro-
		priations of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Secu-
		rity, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Com-
		mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a
		briefing on feedback from the Advisory Committee.

		‘‘(7) GOVERNANCE RULES.—The Director shall establish
		rules for the structure and governance of the Advisory Com-
		mittee and all subcommittees established under subsection (d).

		‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP.—

		 ‘‘(1) APPOINTMENT.—

												Deadline.

		 ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the
		 	date of enactment of the Cybersecurity Advisory Committee
		 	Authorization Act of 2020, the Director shall appoint the
		 	members of the Advisory Committee.

		 ‘‘(B) COMPOSITION.—The membership of the Advisory
		 	Committee shall consist of not more than 35 individuals.

		 ‘‘(C) REPRESENTATION.—

			‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The membership of the Advisory
			Committee shall satisfy the following criteria:
				‘‘(I) Consist of subject matter experts.
				‘‘(II) Be geographically balanced.
				‘‘(III) Include representatives of State, local,
				and Tribal governments and of a broad range of
				industries, which may include the following:
					‘‘(aa) Defense.
					‘‘(bb) Education.
					‘‘(cc) Financial services and insurance.
					‘‘(dd) Healthcare.
					‘‘(ee) Manufacturing.
					‘‘(ff) Media and entertainment.
					‘‘(gg) Chemicals.
					‘‘(hh) Retail.
					‘‘(ii) Transportation.
					‘‘(jj) Energy.
					‘‘(kk) Information Technology.
					‘‘(ll) Communications.
					‘‘(mm) Other relevant fields identified by
						the Director.

			‘‘(ii) PROHIBITION.—Not fewer than one member
			nor more than three members may represent any one
			category under clause (i)(III).

												Web posting.
												Deadline.
												Update.
					
			‘‘(iii) PUBLICATION OF MEMBERSHIP LIST.—The
			Advisory Committee shall publish its membership list
			on a publicly available website not less than once per
			fiscal year and shall update the membership list as
			changes occur.

		‘‘(2) TERM OF OFFICE.—
