PUBLIC LAW 116-283-JAN, 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3879

(E) A description of the establishment and operational costs of such a center, including for—
(i) military construction for required facilities;
(ii) facility renovation;
(iii) personnel costs for faculty and staff; and
(iv) other costs the Secretary considers appropriate.

(F) An evaluation of the existing infrastructure,
resources, and personnel available at military installations and at universities and other academic institutions that could reduce the costs described in accordance with subparagraph (E). 

(G) An examination of partnership opportunities with United States allies and partners for potential collaboration and burden sharing. 

(H) A description of potential courses and programs that such a center could carry out, including—
(i) core, specialized, and advanced courses;
(ii) potential planning workshops;
(iii) seminars;
(iv) confidence-building initiatives; and
(v) academic research.

(I) A description of any modification to title 10, United States Code, necessary for the effective operation of such a center. 

(3) FORM.—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.

(b) ESTABLISHMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not earlier than 30 days after the sub-mittal of the plan required by subsection (a), and subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Defense may establish and administer a Department of Defense Regional Center for Security Studies for the Arctic, to be known as the ‘‘Ted Stevens Center for Arctic Security Studies’’, for the purpose described in section 342(a) of title 10, United States Code.
(2) LOCATION.—Subject to a determination by the Secretary of Defense that sufficient funds are available for the Department to establish the Ted Stevens Center for Arctic Security Studies under this section, the Center shall be established at a location determined suitable pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(D).

SEC. 1090. ESTABLISHMENT OF VETTING PROCEDURES AND MONI-TORING REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN MILITARY 
TRAINING.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF VETTING PROCEDURES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish procedures to vet covered individuals for eligibility for physical access to Department of Defense installations and facilities within the United States.
(2) CRITERIA FOR PROCEDURES.—The procedures established under paragraph (1) shall include biographic and biometric screening of covered individuals, continuous review of whether covered individuals should continue to be authorized for physical access, biographic checks of the immediate family members