PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021       134 STAT. 4797

(B) with respect to the implementation of the modernization plans of all covered agencies, including the Department of Defense, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and
(4) until December 31, 2030, provide regular briefings to— Briefings.
(A) with respect to the application of this section to the Department of Defense, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and

(B) with respect to the application of this section to all covered agencies, including the Department of Defense, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives.
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term ‘‘covered agency’’—
(A) means any Federal entity that the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information determines is appropriate; and
(B) includes the Department of Defense.
(2) The term ‘‘Federal entity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 113(l) of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 923(l)).
(3) The term ‘‘Federal spectrum’’ means frequencies assigned on a primary basis to a covered agency.
(4) The term ‘‘infrastructure’’ means information technology systems and information technologies, tools, and databases.

SEC. 9204. INTERNET OF THINGS. 47 USC 901 note.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) COMMISSION.—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission.
(2) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce.
(3) STEERING COMMITTEE.—The term ‘‘steering committee’’ means the steering committee established under subsection (b)(5)(A).
(4) WORKING GROUP.—The term ‘‘working group’’ means the working group convened under subsection (b)(1).
(b) FEDERAL WORKING GROUP.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall convene a working group of Federal stakeholders for the purpose of providing recommendations and a report to Congress relating to the aspects of the Internet of Things described in paragraph (2).
(2) DUTIES.—The working group shall—
(A) identify any Federal regulations, statutes, grant practices, budgetary or jurisdictional challenges, and other sector-specific policies that are inhibiting, or could inhibit, the development or deployment of the Internet of Things;
(B) consider policies or programs that encourage and improve coordination among Federal agencies that have responsibilities that are relevant to the objectives of this section;