PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4551

“(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General, Federal functional regulators (as defined in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809)), relevant State financial regulators, and relevant national security agencies, shall establish and make public priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy.
“(B) UPDATES.—Not less frequently than once every 4 years, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General, Federal functional regulators (as defined in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809)), relevant State financial regulators, and relevant national security agencies, shall update the priorities established under subparagraph (A).
“(C) RELATION TO NATIONAL STRATEGY.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall ensure that the priorities established under subparagraph (A) are consistent with the national strategy for countering the financing of terrorism and related forms of illicit finance developed under section 261 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–44; 131 Stat. 934).
“(D) RULEMAKING.—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Treasury establishes the priorities under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of the Treasury, acting through the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and in consultation with the Federal functional regulators (as defined in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809)) and relevant State financial regulators, shall, as appropriate, promulgate regulations to carry out this paragraph.
“(E) SUPERVISION AND EXAMINATION.—The review by a financial institution of the priorities established under subparagraph (A) and the incorporation of those priorities, as appropriate, into the risk-based programs established by the financial institution to meet obligations under this subchapter, the USA PATRIOT Act (Public Law 107–56; 115 Stat. 272), and other anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism laws and regulations shall be included as a measure on which a financial institution is supervised and examined for compliance with those obligations.
“(5) DUTY.—The duty to establish, maintain and enforce an anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism program as required by this subsection shall remain the responsibility of, and be performed by, persons in the United States who are accessible to, and subject to oversight and supervision by, the Secretary of the Treasury and the appropriate Federal functional regulator (as defined in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809)).”.
(i) FINANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK.—Section 310(b)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (K); and
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: