134 STAT. 4364

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Applicability.

Summary. Applicability. Time period.

‘‘(2) When the Secretary concerned selects between two and five military installations as the most likely candidate locations for a major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system in order to subject those installations to additional analysis.
‘‘(3) When the Secretary concerned selects a specific military installation as the preferred location for the major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system.
‘‘(c) REQUIRED ELEMENTS OF NOTIFICATION.—In a notice required by subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall include at a minimum the following:
‘‘(1) A description of the manner in which the joint and all-domain training capabilities at each candidate location, if applicable to the type of basing decision-making process at issue, will be or was, whichever applies, comparatively analyzed among candidate military installations, separate from and in addition to the mission criteria to be used or that was used to make the basing decision.
‘‘(2) A description of the manner in which the airspace and training areas available at each candidate location, if applicable to the type of basing decision-making process at issue, will be or was, whichever applies, comparatively analyzed among candidate military installations, separate from and in addition to the mission criteria to be used or that was used to make the basing decision.
‘‘(3) A description of the manner in which community support for the basing decision-making process described in subsection (a) will be or was, whichever applies, comparatively analyzed among candidate military installations, including consultation with appropriate State officials and officials of units of local government in which each installation is located regarding matters affecting the local community, such as transportation, utility infrastructure, housing, education, and family support activities. In any case in which the Secretary concerned selects as the preferred location a military installation with less community support compared to other locations, as indicated by such a comparative analysis, an explanation of the operational considerations that formed the basis for such selection.
‘‘(4) An explanation of how each candidate location will be or was, whichever applies, scored against the factors referred to in the preceding paragraphs, including the weight assigned to each factor.
‘‘(5) A summary of any internal score cards that will be or were, whichever applies, used to make the basing decision.
‘‘(d) NOTICE AND WAIT REQUIREMENTS.—No irrevocable action may be taken to effect or implement a basing decision reached through the decision-making process described in subsection (a) until the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary concerned submits, in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title, the notice referred to in subsection (b)(3) regarding a preferred location for the major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system.
‘‘(e) ANNUAL REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—
‘‘(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget request for a fiscal year is submitted