134 STAT. 4556           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

of new employees hired during the previous year under the authori-ties described in sections 310 and 312 of title 31, United States Code, along with position titles and associated pay grades for such hires.

SEC. 6106. TREASURY ATTACHÉ PROGRAM.

    (a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter I of chapter 3 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

31 USC 316. "§ 316. Treasury Attaché Program Appointments.

    "(a) IN GENERAL.—There is established the Treasury Financial Attaché Program, under which the Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint employees of the Department of the Treasury as a Treasury Financial Attaché, who shall—
        "(1) further the work of the Department of the Treasury in developing and executing the financial and economic policy of the United States Government and the international fight against terrorism, money laundering, and other illicit finance;
   
        "(2) be co-located in a United States Embassy, a similar United States Government facility, or a foreign government facility, as the Secretary determines is appropriate;
   
        "(3) establish and maintain relationships with foreign counterparts, including employees of ministries of finance, cen-tral banks, international financial institutions, and other rel-evant official entities;
   
        "(4) conduct outreach to local and foreign financial institu-tions and other commercial actors;

Coordination.
   
        "(5) coordinate with representatives of the Department of Justice at United States Embassies who perform similar func-tions on behalf of the United States Government; and

        "(6) perform such other actions as the Secretary determines are appropriate.

    "(b) NUMBER OF ATTACHÉS.—

        "(1) IN GENERAL.—The number of Treasury Financial Attachés appointed under this section at any one time shall be not fewer than 6 more employees than the number of employees of the Department of the Treasury serving as Treasury attachés on the date of enactment of this section.

        "(2) ADDITIONAL POSTS.—The Secretary of the Treasury may establish additional posts subject to the availability of appropriations.

    "(c) COMPENSATION.—

        "(1) IN GENERAL.—Each Treasury Financial Attaché appointed under this section and located at a United States Embassy shall receive compensation, including allowances, at the higher of—
   
            "(A) the rate of compensation, including allowances, provided to a Foreign Service officer serving at the same embassy; and
   
            "(B) the rate of compensation, including allowances, the Treasury Financial Attaché would otherwise have received, absent the application of this subsection.
   
Time period.
   
        "(2) PHASE IN.—The compensation described in paragraph (1) shall be phased in over 2 years.".