PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 4003

influence and threats to Department-sponsored academic research of concern.
(D) To coordinate and align academic security policies with Department component agencies, the Office of Science and Technology Policy, the intelligence community, and appropriate Federal agencies.
(E) To the extent practicable, to coordinate with the intelligence community to share, not less frequently than annually, with the academic and research communities unclassified information, including counterintelligence information, on threats from undue foreign influence.
(F) Any other related responsibility, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.
‘‘(h) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION DEFINED.—The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001).’’.

SEC. 1299D. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF NON-CONVENTIONAL ASSISTED RECOVERY CAPABILITIES.

Subsection (g) of section 943 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110– 417; 122 Stat. 4578) is amended by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’.

SEC. 1299E. ANNUAL BRIEFINGS ON CERTAIN FOREIGN MILITARY BASES OF ADVERSARIES.

(a) REQUIREMENT.—Not later than February 15 of each year, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, shall provide to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a briefing on—
(1) covered foreign military bases and the related capabilities of that foreign military; and
(2) the effects of such bases and capabilities on—
(A) the military installations of the United States located outside the United States; and
(B) current and future deployments and operations of the armed forces of the United States.
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing under subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) An assessment of covered foreign military bases, including such bases established by China, Russia, and Iran, and any updates to such assessment provided in a previous briefing under such subsection.
(2) Information regarding known plans for any future covered foreign military base.
(3) An assessment of the capabilities, including those pertaining to anti-access and area denial, provided by covered foreign military bases to that foreign military, including an assessment of how such capabilities could be used against the armed forces of the United States in the country and the geographic combatant command in which such base is located.
(4) A description of known ongoing activities and capabilities at covered foreign military bases, and how such activities