PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3619

(4) DURATION.—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during the five-year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary establishes the pilot program.

(5) APPLICATION.—An eligible entity seeking a grant under the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require.

(6) SELECTION.—The Secretary shall select eligible entities who submit applications under paragraph (5) for the award of grants under the pilot program using a competitive process that takes into account the following:
    
    (A) Capacity of the applicant entity to serve veterans and ability of the entity to provide sound legal advice.
    
    (B) Demonstrated need of the veteran population the applicant entity would serve.
    
    (C) Demonstrated need of the applicant entity for assistance from the grants.
    
    (D) Geographic diversity of applicant entities.
    
    (E) Such other criteria as the Secretary considers appropriate.

(7) GRANTEE REPORTS.—Each recipient of a grant under the pilot program shall, in accordance with such criteria as the Secretary may establish, submit to the Secretary a report on the activities of the recipient and how the grant amounts were used.
(c) REVIEW OF PRO BONO ELIGIBILITY OF FEDERAL WORKERS.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, conduct a review of the rules and regulations governing the circumstances under which attorneys employed by the Federal Government can provide pro bono legal assistance.

(2) RECOMMENDATIONS.—In conducting the review required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall develop recommendations for such legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to facilitate greater participation by Federal employees in pro bono legal and other volunteer services for veterans.

(3) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress—
    
    (A) the findings of the Secretary with respect to the review conducted under paragraph (1); and
    
    (B) the recommendations developed by the Secretary under paragraph (2).

(d) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the status of the implementation of this section.
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

(1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means—
    
    (A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and
    
    (B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.