134 STAT. 4668           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

capacity and full operating capacity of the workforce described 
in subsection (a).
    (2) A description of the career development path for officers 
and enlisted members participating in the workforce.
    (3) A determination of how the workforce will fulfill the 
cybersecurity needs of the Area Maritime Security Council and 
United States port environments.
    (4) A determination of how the workforce will integrate with the Hunt and Incident Response and Assessment Teams 
of the Cyber and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security.
    (5) An assessment of successful models used by other Armed Forces, including the National Guard, to recruit, maintain, and utilize a cyber workforce, including the use of Reserve 
personnel for that purpose.

SEC. 8242. REPORT ON NAVIGATION AND BRIDGE RESOURCE MANAGEMENT.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the 
House of Representatives a report on the training and qualification 
processes of the Coast Guard for deck watch officers, with a specific 
focus on basic navigation, bridge resource management, crew rest, 
and qualification processes.
    (b) CONTENTS.—The report under subsection (a) shall include 
the following:
        (1) Recommendations for improving prearrival training, if 
        necessary, and an assessment of how commercial industry best 
        practices on prearrival training can be incorporated into military at sea watchkeeping.
        (2) A detailed description of the deck watch officer assessment process of the Coast Guard.
        (3) A list of programs that have been approved for credit 
        toward merchant mariner credentials.
        (4) A complete analysis of the gap between the existing 
        curriculum for deck watch officer training and the Standards 
        of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping for officer in 
        charge of a navigational watch at the operational level, Chief 
        level, and Master level.
        (5) A complete analysis of the gap between the existing 
        training curriculum for deck watch officers and the licensing 
        requirement for 3rd mate unlimited, Chief, and Master.
        (6) An assessment of deck watch officer options to complete 
        the 3rd mate unlimited license and the qualification under 
        the Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping 
        for officer in charge of a navigational watch.
        (7) An assessment of senior deck watch officer options 
        to complete the Chief Mate and Master unlimited license and 
        the qualification under the Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping for Chief Mate and Master.