PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4669

SEC. 8243. REPORT ON HELICOPTER LIFE-CYCLE SUPPORT AND
RECAPITALIZATION.
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives a report that—
(1) includes an updated fleet life-cycle analysis and service
life extension plan that includes dynamic components, and
which clearly demonstrates the mission viability of the MH–
65 through anticipated fleet recapitalization;
(2) includes a realistic sustainment budget necessary to
achieve the operational availability rates necessary to meet
MH–65 mission requirements through fleet recapitalization;
(3) includes an update on the status of the Coast Guard
MH–65 helicopter recapitalization; and
(4) includes a description of any alternative, available, and
cost-effective Government and civil systems, or updates, that
the Coast Guard is considering for MH–65 operational missions,
including Coast Guard cutter deployability requirements, in
the event of delays to the future vertical lift program of the
Coast Guard.

SEC. 8244. REPORT ON COAST GUARD RESPONSE CAPABILITIES FOR
CYBER INCIDENTS ON VESSELS ENTERING PORTS OR  
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate
and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the
House of Representatives a report on the response capabilities
of the Coast Guard with respect to cyber incidents on vessels
entering ports or waters of the United States.
(b) REVIEW.—The report under subsection (a) shall include a
review of each of the following:
(1) The number and type of commercial vessels of the
United States subject to regulations under part 104 of title
33, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar
regulation or ruling).
(2) Policies and guidance issued by the Commandant, in
accordance with guidelines on cyber risk management of the
International Maritime Organization, to vessels of the United
States.
(3) Measures to be taken by owners or operators of commer-
cial vessels of the United States to increase cybersecurity posi-
ture on such vessels.
(4) Responses of the Commandant to cyber incidents on
vessels described in paragraph (1) prior to the date of the
enactment of this Act.
(5) Response protocols followed by personnel of the Coast
Guard to a cyber incident on any vessel described in paragraph
(1) experienced while that vessel is traveling to ports or waters
of the United States.
(6) Oversight by the Commandant of—
(A) vessel-to-facility interface, as defined in section
101.105 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or any
corresponding similar regulation or ruling); and