134 STAT. 3972       PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

support for Sudanese, foreign, and international nongovernmental organizations, and other entities engaged in such investigative activities;
    (3) to build Sudan's judicial capacity to support prosecutions in domestic courts and support investigations by hybrid or international courts as appropriate; 
    (4) to protect witnesses who participate in court proceedings or other transitional justice mechanisms; and
    (5) to support other related conflict mitigation programs and activities.
(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq. and 2346 et seq.) for fiscal years 2021 and 2022, $10,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated for each such fiscal year to carry out this section.

SEC. 1268. SUSPENSION OF ASSISTANCE.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—The President is authorized to suspend the provision of assistance authorized under section 1264, 1265, 1266, or 1267 to the Government of Sudan if the President determines that conditions in Sudan or the composition of the Government of Sudan changes such that it is no longer in the United States national interest to continue to provide such assistance.
    (b) REPORT.—Not later than 30 days after making a determination under subsection (a), the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes—
           (1) the political and security conditions in Sudan that led to such determination; and
           (2) any planned diplomatic engagement to restart the provision of such assistance.

SEC. 1269. MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE.
    (a) SENSE OF THE CONGRESS.—It is the sense of the Congress that—
           (1) Sudan’s economic challenges are a legacy of decades of kleptocracy, economic mismanagement, and war;
           (2) Sudan’s economic recovery will depend on—
                (A) combating corruption and illicit economic activity;
                (B) ending internal conflicts in the states of Darfur, South Kordofan, and Blue Nile; and
                (C) promoting inclusive economic growth and development; and
           (3) the COVID–19 outbreak constitutes a grave danger to Sudan’s economic stability, public health, and food security and jeopardizes the transition to a civilian-led government that promotes the democratic aspirations of the Sudanese people.
    (b) RESPONDING TO THE COVID–19 OUTBREAK.—During the transitional period, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Treasury may instruct the United States Executive Director at each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to support loans or other utilization of the funds of the respective institution for Sudan for the purpose of addressing basic human needs, responding to the COVID–19 outbreak and its impact on the country’s economic stability, or promoting democracy, governance, or public financial management in Sudan.
