PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021  
134 STAT. 4819

(iv) A chairperson of the Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science of the National Science and Technology Council.

(v) Such other members as the President considers appropriate.

(B) CHAIRPERSON.—The member appointed to the Council under paragraph (A)(i) shall serve as the chairperson of the Council.

(3) DUTIES.—The duties of the Council are as follows:

(A) To provide the Director with advice on ways in which the Federal Government can ensure the United States continues to lead the world in developing emerging technologies that improve the quality of life of the people of the United States, increase economic competitiveness of the United States, and strengthen the national security of the United States, including identification of the following:

(i) Federal investments required in fundamental research and development, infrastructure, technology transfer, and workforce development of the United States workers who will support the industries of the future.

(ii) Actions necessary to create and further develop the workforce that will support the industries of the future.

(iii) Actions required to leverage the strength of the research and development ecosystem of the United States, which includes academia, industry, and non-profit organizations, to support industries of the future.

(iv) Ways that the Federal Government can consider leveraging existing partnerships and creating new partnerships and other multisector collaborations to advance the industries of the future.

(v) Actions required to accelerate the translation of federally funded research and development to practice and meaningful benefits for society while mitigating any risks.

(B) To provide the Director with advice on matters relevant to the report required under subsection (b).

(4) COORDINATION.—The Council shall coordinate with and utilize relevant existing National Science and Technology Council committees to the maximum extent feasible in order to minimize duplication of effort.

(5) APPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Council established under this subsection.

(6) SUNSET.—The Council shall terminate on the date that is 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 9413. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING EXTENSION PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM SUPPLY CHAIN DATABASE.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall carry out a study to evaluate the feasibility, advisability, and costs of establishing a national  
Study.  
Evaluation.