134 STAT. 3838 PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(B) The additional amount of funds recommended in connection with the objectives identified under subparagraph (A).
“(C) Account information with respect to such priority, including, as applicable, the following:
“(i) Line item number, in the case of applicable procurement accounts.
“(ii) Program element number, in the case of applicable research, development, test, and evaluation accounts.
“(iii) Sub-activity group, in the case of applicable operation and maintenance accounts.
“(2) The Under Secretary shall ensure that the unfunded priorities covered by a report under subsection (a) are listed in the order of urgency of priority, as determined by the Under Secretary.
“(c) UNFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’, with respect to a fiscal year, means an activity related to an audit readiness or remediation effort stemming from a relevant requirement under the Chief Financial Officer Act (Public Law 101-576), chapter 9 of title 31, or this chapter that—
“(1) is not funded in the budget of the President for that fiscal year, as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31;
“(2) is necessary to address a shortfall in an audit readiness or remediation activity; and
“(3) would have been recommended for funding through the budget referred to in paragraph (1) if—
“(A) additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement; or
“(B) the program, activity, or mission requirement had emerged before the budget was formulated.”.
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 240h the following new item:
“240i. Annual report on unfunded priorities.”.
SEC. 1006. ADDITION OF CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU TO THE LIST OF OFFICERS PROVIDING REPORTS OF UNFUNDED PRIORITIES.
Section 222a of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) in subsection (b), as amended by section 924, by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
“(7) The Chief of the National Guard Bureau in the role assigned to that position in section 10502(c)(1) of this title.”; and
(2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
“(3) NATIONAL GUARD UNFUNDED PRIORITIES.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The officer specified under subsection (b)(6) shall only include in a report submitted under subsection (a) such priorities that—
“(i) relate to equipping requirements in support of non-federalized National Guard responses to domestic or homeland defense or civil support missions; and
“(ii) except as provided in subparagraph (B), were not included in a report under this section submitted by an officer specified in subsection (b)(1) or (3) forTime period.