134 STAT. 3646          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 

(2) CONSISTENCY WITH OMB GUIDANCE.—The standard
classifications established under paragraph (1) shall be con­
sistent with the standard classifications specified in Office of
Management and Budget Directive No. 15 (pertaining to race
and ethnic standards for Federal statistics and administrative
reporting) or any successor directive.
Deadline. (3) INCORPORATION INTO APPLICATIONS AND RECORDS.—Not
later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Secretary shall incorporate the standard classifications
established under paragraph (1) into—
(A) applications for admission to the military service 
academies; and
(B) the military personnel records of cadets and mid­
shipmen enrolled in such academies.
(c) ANNUAL REPORT ON THE DEMOGRAPHICS MILITARY SERVICE
ACADEMY APPLICANTS.—
(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than September 30 of
each year beginning after the establishment of the online portal,
the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv­
ices of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report
on the demographics of applicants to military service academies
for the most recently concluded application year.
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each report under paragraph (1) shall
include, with respect to each military service academy, the
following:
(A) The number of individuals who submitted an
application for admission to the academy in the application 
year covered by the report.
(B) Of the individuals who submitted an application
for admission to the academy in such year—
(i) the overall demographics of applicant pool,
disaggregated by the classifications established under
subsection (b);
(ii) the number and percentage who received a 
nomination, disaggregated by the classifications estab­
lished under subsection (b);
(iii) the number and percentage who received an
offer for appointment to the academy, disaggregated
by the classifications established under subsection (b);
and
(iv) the number and percentage who accepted an
appointment to the academy, disaggregated by the 
classifications established under subsection (b).
(3) CONSULTATION.—In preparing each report under para­
graph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the Superintendents
of the military service academies.
(4) AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS AND DATA.—The Secretary
shall—
Public
information.
Web posting. (A) make the results of each report under paragraph 
(1) available on a publicly accessible website of the Depart­
ment of Defense; and
Data. (B) ensure that any data included with the report
is made available in a machine-readable format that is
downloadable, searchable, and sortable.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: