134 STAT. 3506 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(b) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall provide the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation with such information as may be necessary for the Director to conduct the evaluations required under subsection (a).
(c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 90 days after the completion of each evaluation under subsection (a), the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the evaluation.
(d) COVERED PERSONAL PROTECTIVE AND DIAGNOSTIC TESTING EQUIPMENT DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘covered personal protective and diagnostic testing equipment’’ means any personal protective equipment or diagnostic testing equipment developed, acquired, or used by the Department of Defense—
(1) in response to COVID–19; or
(2) as part of any follow-on, long-term acquisition and distribution program for such equipment.

SEC. 278. ASSESSMENT ON UNITED STATES NATIONAL SECURITY EMERGING BIOTECHNOLOGY EFFORTS AND CAPABILITIES AND COMPARISON WITH ADVERSARIES.

(a) ASSESSMENT AND COMPARISON REQUIRED.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, shall conduct an assessment and direct comparison of capabilities in emerging biotechnologies for national security purposes, including synthetic biology, biocontrol, and manufacturing and health, between the capabilities of the United States and the capabilities of adversaries of the United States.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The assessment and comparison carried out under paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) An evaluation of the quantity, quality, and progress of United States fundamental and applied research for emerging biotechnology initiatives for national security purposes.
(B) An assessment of the resourcing of United States efforts to harness emerging biotechnology capabilities for national security purposes, including the supporting facilities, test infrastructure, and workforce.
(C) An intelligence assessment of adversary emerging biotechnology capabilities and research as well as an assessment of adversary intent and willingness to use emerging biotechnologies for national security purposes.
(D) An assessment of the analytic and operational subject matter expertise necessary to assess rapidly-evolving foreign military developments in biotechnology, and the current state of the workforce in the intelligence community.
(E) Recommendations to improve and accelerate United States capabilities in emerging biotechnologies and the associated intelligence community expertise.
(F) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate.

(b) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the assessment carried out under subsection (a).