134 STAT. 3548

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(c) REQUIREMENTS FOR ANALYSIS.—The analysis required under subsection (a) shall include—
(1) the display of all funds requested for biodefense activities, both mandatory and discretionary, by agency and categorized by biodefense enterprise element, such as threat awareness, prevention, deterrence, preparedness, surveillance and detection, response, attribution (including bioforensic capabilities), recovery, and mitigation; and
(2) detailed explanations of how each program and activity included aligns with biodefense goals and objectives as part of the National Biodefense Strategy required under section 1086 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 104).
(d) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—The Director, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress the analysis required under subsection (a) for a fiscal year concurrently with the President’s annual budget request for that fiscal year.

SEC. 364. UPDATE OF NATIONAL BIODEFENSE IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretaries of Health and Human Services, Defense, Agriculture, Homeland Security, and all other Departments and agencies with responsibilities for biodefense, such as the Department of State, in consultation with the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, as appropriate, shall, after reviewing the biodefense threat assessment described in subsection (d) and any relevant input from external stakeholders, as appropriate, update the National Biodefense Implementation Plan developed under section 1086 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 104) to clearly document established processes, roles, and responsibilities related to the National Biodefense Strategy. 

(b) SPECIFIC UPDATES.—The updated National Biodefense Implementation Plan shall—
(1) describe the roles and responsibilities of the Federal departments and agencies, including internal and external coordination procedures, in identifying and sharing information between and among Federal departments and agencies, as described in section 1086(b)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 104(b)(4)) and consistent with the statutory roles and authorities of such departments and agencies;
(2) describe roles, responsibilities, and processes for decisionmaking, including decisions regarding use of resources for effective risk management across the enterprise;
(3) describe resource plans for each department and agency with responsibility for biodefense to support implementation of the strategy within the jurisdiction of such department or agency, including for the Biodefense Coordination Team, as appropriate;
(4) describe guidance and methods for analyzing the data collected from agencies to include non-Federal resources and capabilities to the extent practicable; and
(5) describe and update, as appropriate, short-, medium-, and long-term goals for executing the National