134 STAT. 4404		PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

		“(B) a vessel owned and operated by a State or Tribal
		government and facilities associated with the operation
		of such vessel.
		“(2) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a
		public or private entity that is created or organized in the
		United States or under the laws of the United States, with
		significant operations in and a majority of its employees based
		in the United States, that is engaged in—
			“(A) vessel construction, transportation by water, or
			support activities for transportation by water with an
			assigned North American Industry Classification System
			code beginning with 3366, 483, 4883, or 6113, or in the
			case of such construction, transportation, or support activi-
			ties conducted by a fish processing vessel, such an assigned
			code beginning with 3117; or
			“(B) as determined by the Secretary of Transpor-
			tation—
				“(i) construction or water transportation related to
				activities described in subparagraph (A); or
				“(ii) maritime education and training.
		“(3) ELIGIBLE OPERATING COSTS.—The term ‘eligible oper-
		ating costs’ means costs relating to—
			“(A) emergency response;
			“(B) cleaning;
			“(C) sanitization;
			“(D) janitorial services;
			“(E) staffing;
			“(F) workforce retention;
			“(G) paid leave;
			“(H) procurement and use of protective health equip-
			ment, testing, and training for employees and contractors;
			“(I) debt service payments;
			“(J) infrastructure repair projects;
			“(K) fuel; and
			“(L) other maritime transportation system operations,
			as determined by the Secretary of Transportation;
		“(4) EMERGENCY.—The term ‘emergency’ means a natural
		disaster affecting a wide area (such as a flood, hurricane, tidal
		wave, earthquake, severe storm, or landslide) or a catastrophic
		failure from any external cause, that impacts the United States
		maritime transportation system and as a result of which—
			“(A) the Governor of a State has declared an emergency
			and the Maritime Administrator, in consultation with the
			Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management
			Administration, has concurred in the declaration;
			“(B) the President has declared a major disaster under
			section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and
			Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170);
			“(C) national emergency declared by the President
			under the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et
			seq.) is in effect; or
			“(D) a public health emergency declared pursuant to
			section 319 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C.
			247d) is in effect.”.
