PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3857

shall take into consideration the risks to personnel, equipment,
and operations of the Department of Defense in the host country 
from current or intended use by such country of 5G or 6G
telecommunications architecture provided by at-risk vendors,
including Huawei and ZTE, and any steps to mitigate those risks,
including—
(1) any steps being taken by the host country to mitigate
any potential risks to the weapon systems, military units, or
personnel, and the Department of Defense’s assessment of those
efforts;
(2) any steps being taken by the United States Government,
separately or in collaboration with the host country, to mitigate
any potential risks to the weapon systems, permanently
deployed forces, or personnel;
(3) any defense mutual agreements between the host
country and the United States intended to allay the costs
of risk mitigation posed by the at-risk infrastructure; and
(4) any other matters the Secretary determines to be rel
evant.
(b) APPLICABILITY.—The requirements under subsection (a)—
(1) apply with respect to the permanent long-term sta 
tioning of equipment and permanently assigned forces; and
(2) do not apply with respect to the short-term deployment 
or rotational presence of equipment or forces to a military
installation outside the United States in connection with any
exercise, dynamic force employment, contingency operation, or
combat operation.
(c) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall
submit to the congressional defense committees a report that
contains an assessment of—
(A) the risk to personnel, equipment, and operations
of the Department of Defense in host countries posed by
the current or intended use by such countries of 5G or
6G telecommunications architecture provided by at-risk 
vendors, including Huawei and ZTE; and
(B) measures required to mitigate the risk described
in paragraph (1).
(2) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be
submitted in a classified form with an unclassified summary.
(d) MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEM DEFINED.—In this section, the term
“major weapon system” has the meaning given that term in section
2379(f) of title 10, United States Code.

SEC. 1059. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS.
Not later than 21 days after the transmission to the Committee
on Armed Services of the Senate or the Committee on Armed
Services of the House of Representatives of any official Department
of Defense legislative proposal, the Secretary of Defense shall make
publicly available on a website of the Department such legislative
proposal, including any bill text and section-by-section analysis
associated with the proposal.

SEC. 1060. ARCTIC PLANNING, RESEARCH, AND DEVELOPMENT.
(a) ARCTIC PLANNING AND IMPLEMENTATION.—
10 USC 122a note.
Deadline.
Web posting.
Analysis.
10 USC 113 note.