PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

individual (which may include an interim security clearance), while such individual awaits a final determination with respect to the security clearance required for such position.

(b) UNCLASSIFIED WORK SPACES.—As part of the policy under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall—
(1) ensure, to the extent practicable, that all facilities of the Department of Defense at which covered individuals perform job functions have unclassified workspaces; and
(2) issue guidelines under which appropriately screened individuals, who are not covered individuals, may use the unclassified workspaces on a space-available basis.

(c) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the policy required by subsection (a). The report shall include the following:
(1) Identification of any challenges or impediments to allowing covered individuals fill positions on a probationary basis as described in subsection (a).
(2) A plan for implementing the policy.
(3) A description of how existing facilities may be modified to accommodate unclassified workspaces.
(4) Identification of impediments to making unclassified workspace available.

(d) COVERED INDIVIDUAL DEFINED.—In this section, the term “covered individual” includes a member of the Armed Forces, a civilian employee of the Department of Defense, or an applicant for a civilian position within the Department of Defense, who has applied for, but who has not yet received, a security clearance that is required for the individual to perform one or more job functions.

SEC. 1102. ENHANCEMENT OF PUBLIC-PRIVATE TALENT EXCHANGE PROGRAMS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.

(a) PUBLIC-PRIVATE TALENT EXCHANGE.—Section 1599g of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) in subsection (b)(1), by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows:
“(C) shall contain language ensuring that such employee of the Department does not improperly use information that such employee knows relates to a Department acquisition or procurement for the benefit or advantage of the private-sector organization.”; and
(2) by amending paragraph (4) of subsection (f) to read as follows:
“(4) may not perform work that is considered inherently governmental in nature; and”.

(b) APPLICATION OF EXCHANGE AUTHORITY TO MODERNIZATION PRIORITIES.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall take steps to ensure that the authority of the Secretary to carry out a public-private talent exchange program under section 1599g of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (a)), is used to—
(1) carry out exchanges of personnel with private sector entities that are working on the modernization priorities of the Department of Defense; and
(2) carry out exchanges in—

Deadline. 10 USC 1599g note.

134 STAT. 3885