134 STAT. 3688          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
  
only upon determination by the Secretary that the service or mod-
ification is necessary for the use of such equipment or device by
the eligible dependent.
    "(B) Service and modification of durable equipment and
       assistive technology devices under such paragraph may not be
       provided—
          ‘‘(i) in the case of misuse, loss, or theft of the equipment
          or device; or
          ‘‘(ii) for a deluxe, luxury, or immaterial feature of the
          equipment or device, as determined by the Secretary.
    ‘‘(C) Service and modification of durable equipment and
       assistive technology devices under such paragraph may include
       training of the eligible dependent and immediate family members
       of the eligible dependent on the use of the equipment or device.’’.
  (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Subsection (f) of section 1079 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph
(3) or (4) of subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting
‘‘subparagraph (C), (E), (F), or (G) of subsection (e)(1)’’.
 Assessments.
  (c) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS IN OFFICE OF SPECIAL NEEDS
ANNUAL REPORT.—Section 1781c(g)(2) of title 10, United States
Code, is amended—
    (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph
    (D); and 
    (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new 
    subparagraph (C):
        ‘‘(C) With respect to the Extended Care Health Option 
        program under section 1079(d) of this title—
            ‘‘(i) the utilization rates of services under such program
            by eligible dependents (as such term is defined in such
            section) during the prior year;
            ‘‘(ii) a description of gaps in such services, as
            ascertained by the Secretary from information provided
            by families of eligible dependents;
            ‘‘(iii) an assessment of factors that prevent knowledge
            of and access to such program, including a discussion of
            actions the Secretary may take to address these factors;
            and
            ‘‘(iv) an assessment of the average wait time for an
            eligible dependent enrolled in the program to access alter-
            native health coverage for a qualifying condition (as such
            term is defined in such section), including a discussion
            of any adverse health outcomes associated with such wait.’’.
 Analyses.
  (d) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.—
    (1) SUBMISSION.—Not later than April 1, 2022, the Comp-
    troller General of the United States shall submit to the Commit-
    tees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and
    the Senate a report on caregiving available to eligible depend-
    ents under programs such as home- and community-based serv-
    ices provided under State Medicaid plans pursuant to waivers
    under section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n)
    or the Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Care-
    givers of the Department of Veterans Affairs established under
    section 1720G of title 38, United States Code.
    (2) MATTERS.—The report under paragraph (1) shall
    include—
        (A) an analysis of best practices for the administration
        of programs to support caregivers of individuals with