PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3881

are incorporated into the Insider Threat Program of the Department of Defense; and
  (F) covered individuals are prohibited from trans-   Firearms.
porting, possessing, storing, or using personally owned fire- arms on Department of Defense installations or property consistent with the Secretary of Defense policy memo- randum dated January 16, 2020, or any successor policy guidance that restricts transporting, possessing, storing, or using personally owned firearms on Department of Defense installations or property.
 (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The security measures required under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 181 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.
 (3) NOTIFICATION REQUIRED.—Upon the establishment of the security measures required under paragraph (1), the Secre- tary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives notice of the establishment of such security measures.
 (d) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.—
  (1) REPORT.—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation and effects of this section. Such report shall include a description of—
   (A) any positive or negative effects on the training of foreign military students as a result of this section;
   (B) the effectiveness of the vetting procedures imple- mented pursuant to this section in preventing harm to members of the Armed Forces and United States persons;
   (C) any mitigation strategies used to address any nega- tive effects of the implementation of this section; and
   (D) a proposed plan to mitigate any ongoing negative effects to the vetting and training of foreign military stu- dents by the Department of Defense.
  (2) REPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL.—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an unclassified report (which may contain a classified annex) on the safety and secu- rity of United States personnel and international students assigned to United States military bases participating in pro- grams authorized under chapter 5 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347 et seq.) (relating to international military education and training), particularly with respect to whether—
   (A) relevant United States diplomatic and consular personnel properly vet foreign personnel participating in such programs and entering such bases;
   (B) existing screening protocols with respect to such vetting include counter-terrorism screening and are suffi- ciently effective at ensuring the safety and security of United States personnel and international students assigned to such bases; and
   (C) whether existing screening protocols with respect to such vetting are in compliance with applicable require- ments of section 362 of title 10, United States Code, and