PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4055

respect to climate security, and consider viable solutions to address such gaps; and

(5) to provide any other assistance, resources, or capabilities that the Director of National Intelligence or the Under Secretary determines necessary with respect to the Council carrying out the duties and responsibilities of the Council under such section 120(c).

(d) MEETINGS.—The roundtable shall meet at least quarterly, in coordination with the meetings of the Climate Security Advisory Council under section 120(c)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3060(c)(1)).

(e) REPORTS AND BRIEFINGS.—The joint agreement under subsection (a) shall specify that—

(1) the roundtable shall organize workshops, on at least a biannual basis, that include both participants of the roundtable and persons who are not participants, and may be conducted in classified or unclassified form in accordance with subsection (f);

(2) on a regular basis, the roundtable shall produce classified and unclassified reports on the topics described in subsection (c) and the activities of the roundtable, and other documents in support of the duties and responsibilities of the Climate Security Advisory Council under section 120(c) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3060(c));

Determination.

Recommendations.

Deadline.

(3) the Academies shall provide recommendations by consensus to the Council on both the topics described in subsection (c) and specific topics as identified by participants of the roundtable;

(4) not later than March 1, 2021, and annually thereafter during the life of the roundtable, the Academies shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on the progress and activities of the roundtable; and

(5) not later than September 30, 2025, the Academies shall submit a final report to the appropriate congressional committees on the activities of the roundtable.

(f) SECURITY CLEARANCES.—Each participant of the roundtable shall have a security clearance at the appropriate level to carry out the duties of the participant under this section. A person who is not a participant who attends a workshop under subsection (e)(1) is not required to have a security clearance, and the roundtable shall ensure that any such workshop is held at the appropriate classified or unclassified level.

(g) TERMINATION.—The roundtable shall terminate on September 30, 2025.

(h) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

(1) The term “Academies” means the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine.

(2) The term “appropriate congressional committees” means—

(A) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and

(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.