134 STAT. 3532          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

10 USC 2701 Note.                                                           SEC. 335. NOTIFICATION TO AGRICULTURAL OPERATIONS LOCATED 
                                                                                                        IN AREAS EXPOSED TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PFAS USE. 
 Deadline. Consultation.                                               (a) NOTIFICATION REQUIRED.—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in 
consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall provide a 
notification described in subsection (b) to any agricultural operation located within one mile down gradient of a military installation 
or National Guard facility where covered PFAS—
                                (1) has been detected in groundwater;
                                (2) has been hydrologically linked to a local agricultural 
                                or drinking water source, including a water well; and 
                                (3) is suspected to be, or known to be, the result of the
                                use of PFAS at an installation of the Department of Defense 
                                located in the United States or State-owned facility of the 
                                National Guard.
Deadline.                                                            (b) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS.—The notification required under subsection (a) shall include the following information: 
                                (1) The name of the Department of Defense installation 
                                or National Guard facility from which the covered PFAS in groundwater originated.
                                (2) The specific covered PFAS detected in groundwater.
                                (3) The levels of the covered PFAS detected.
                                (4) Relevant governmental information regarding the 
                                health and safety of the covered PFAS detected, including relevant Federal or State standards for PFAS in groundwater, 
                                livestock, food commodities and drinking water, and any known 
                                restrictions for sale of agricultural products that have been 
                                irrigated or watered with water containing PFAS.
Deadline.                                                            (c) ADDITIONAL TESTING RESULTS.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide to an agricultural operation that receives a notice 
under subsection (a) any pertinent updated information, including 
any results of new elevated testing, by not later than 15 days 
after receiving validated test results.
Time period.                                                         (d) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture, 
Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agri- 
culture of the House of Representatives a report on the status 
of providing notice under subsection (a). Such report shall include, 
for the period covered by the report— 
                                 (1) the approximate locations of such operations relative 
                                 to installations of the Department of Defense located in the 
                                 United States and State-owned facilities of the National Guard;
                                 (2) the covered PFAS detected in groundwater; and 
                                 (3) the levels of covered PFAS detected. 
                                                                         (e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
                                 (1) The term “covered PFAS” means each of the following:
                                              (A) Perfluorooctanoic acid (commonly referred to as 
                                              “PFOA”) (Chemical Abstracts Service No. 335–67–1) 
                                              detected in groundwater above 70 parts per trillion, individ- 
                                              ually or in combination with PFOS.
                                              (B) Perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (commonly referred 
                                              to as “PFOS”) (Chemical Abstracts Service No. 1763–23– 
                                              1) detected in groundwater above 70 parts per trillion,
                                              individually or in combination with PFOA.