PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3663

and the Senate a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to the study under subsection (a).
(2) FORM.—The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “cyberexploitation’’ means the use of digital means and online platforms—
(A) to knowingly access, or conspire to access, without authorization, an individual’s personal information to be employed (or to be used) with malicious intent; or
(B) to deceive an individual with misinformation with malicious intent.
(2) The term ‘‘machine-manipulated media’’ means video, image, or audio recordings generated or substantially modified using machine learning techniques in order to, with malicious intent, falsely depict the speech or conduct of an individual without that individual’s permission.

SEC. 589G. MATTERS RELATING TO EDUCATION FOR MILITARY 10 USC 1781c 
DEPENDENT STUDENTS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS.   note.

(a) INFORMATION ON SPECIAL EDUCATION DISPUTES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Each Secretary of a military department shall collect and maintain information on special education disputes filed by members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary.
(2) INFORMATION.—The information collected and maintained under this subsection shall include the following:
(A) The number of special education disputes filed.
(B) The outcome or disposition of the disputes.
(3) SOURCE OF INFORMATION.—The information collected and maintained pursuant to this subsection shall be derived from the following:
(A) Records and reports of case managers and navigators under the Exceptional Family Member Program of the Department of Defense.
(B) Reports submitted by members of the Armed Forces to officials at military installations or other relevant military officials.
(C) Such other sources as the Secretary of the military department concerned considers appropriate.
(4) ANNUAL REPORTS.—On an annual basis, each Secretary of a military department shall submit to the Office of Special Needs of the Department of Defense a report on the information collected by such Secretary under this subsection during the preceding year.
(b) GAO STUDY AND REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the following:
(A) The manner in which local educational agencies with schools that serve military dependent students use the following:
(i) Funds made available for impact aid for children with severe disabilities under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–398; 20 U.S.C. 7703a).