PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3437

(c) IMPLEMENTATION OF MEASURES.—The Secretary shall, as the Secretary considers appropriate, incorporate the findings of the study conducted pursuant to subsection (a) into the future force development processes of the Air Force. The measures—
(1) should be domain and platform agnostic;
(2) should focus on how best to achieve mission goals in future operations; and
(3) shall consider including cost-per-effect metrics as a key performance parameter for any Air Force acquisition programs that enter the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) requirements process of the Department of Defense.

Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and
Multiservice Matters

SEC. 151. BUDGETING FOR LIFE-CYCLE COSTS OF AIRCRAFT FOR THE ARMY, NAVY, AND AIR FORCE.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 231 the following new section:
‘‘§ 231a. Budgeting for life-cycle costs of aircraft for the Army, Navy, and Air Force: annual plan and certification

‘‘(a) ANNUAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT PLAN AND CERTIFICATION.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget for a fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the following:

‘‘(1) A plan for the procurement of the aircraft specified in subsection (b) for each of the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force developed in accordance with this section.
‘‘(2) A certification by the Secretary that both the budget for such fiscal year and the future-years defense program submitted to Congress in relation to such budget under section 221 of this title provide for funding of the procurement of aircraft at a level that is sufficient for the procurement of the aircraft provided for in the plan under paragraph (1) on the schedule provided in the plan.

‘‘(b) COVERED AIRCRAFT.—The aircraft specified in this section are the aircraft as follows:
‘‘(1) Fighter aircraft.
‘‘(2) Attack aircraft.
‘‘(3) Bomber aircraft.
‘‘(4) Intertheater lift aircraft.
‘‘(5) Intratheater lift aircraft.
‘‘(6) Intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance aircraft.
‘‘(7) Tanker aircraft.
‘‘(8) Remotely piloted aircraft.
‘‘(9) Rotary-wing aircraft.
‘‘(10) Operational support and executive lift aircraft.
‘‘(11) Any other major support aircraft designated by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section.

‘‘(c) ANNUAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT PLAN.—(1) The annual aircraft procurement plan developed for a fiscal year for purposes of subsection (a) should be designed so that the aviation force