134 STAT. 4734      PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

or aviation, shall brief the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation of the Senate on the plan developed under subsection (a), including—
    (1) any regulatory changes needed regarding inspections and manning, to allow such craft to operate between onshore facilities and offshore energy facilities when such craft is operating as a vessel; 
    (2) any regulatory changes that would be necessary to address potential impacts to air traffic control, the National Airspace System, and other aircraft operations, and to ensure safe operations on or near helidecks and platforms located on offshore energy facilities when such craft are operating as aircraft; and 
    (3) any other statutory or regulatory changes related to authority of the Federal Aviation Administration over operations of the craft.

SEC. 8432. NORTHERN MICHIGAN OIL SPILL RESPONSE PLANNING. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, shall update the Northern Michigan Area Contingency Plan to include a worst-case discharge from a pipeline in adverse weather conditions.
Deadline. Consultation. Update.

SEC. 8433. DOCUMENTATION OF LNG TANKERS.
    (a) “Safari Voyager”.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding sections 12112 and 12132 of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel Safari Voyager (International Maritime Organization number 8967353).
        (2) REVOCATION OF EFFECTIVENESS OF CERTIFICATE.—A certificate of documentation issued under paragraph (1) is revoked on the date of the sale of the vessel or the entity that owns the vessel.
    (b) “Pacific Provider”.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding sections 12112 and 12132 of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel Pacific Provider (United States official number 597967).
       (2) REVOCATION OF EFFECTIVENESS OF CERTIFICATE.—A certificate of documentation issued under paragraph (1) is revoked on the date of the sale of the vessel or the entity that owns the vessel.
    (c) AMERICA’S CUP ACT OF 2011.—Section 7(b) of the America’s Cup Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–61) is amended—
        (1) in paragraph (3)—
            (A) by striking ‘‘of the vessel on the date of enactment of this Act’’; and
            (B) by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘unless prior to any such sale the vessel has been operated
125 Stat. 754.