134 STAT. 4652 			PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

					“(b) Membership.— The Advisory Board established under subsection (a) shall be composed of such number of members as the Commandant considers appropriate, selected by the Commandant through a public selection process from among applicants for membership on the Board. The members of the Board shall, to the extent practicable, represent the diversity of the Coast Guard. The members of the Committee shall include an equal number of each of the following:

					“(1) Active duty officers of the Coast Guard.
					“(2) Active duty enlisted members of the Coast Guard.
					“(3) Members of the Coast Guard Reserve.
					“(4) Retired members of the Coast Guard.
					“(c) Duties.— The Advisory Board established under subsection (a)—

							    “(1) shall advise the Commandant on improvements to the recruitment, retention, wellbeing, and success of women serving in the Coast Guard and attending the Coast Guard Academy, including recommendations for the report on gender diversity in the Coast Guard required by section 5109 of chapter 51 of title 14;
							    “(2) may submit to the Commandant recommendations in connection with its duties under this subsection, including recommendations to implement the advice described in paragraph (1); and
							    “(3) may brief Congress on its duties under this subsection, including the advice described in paragraph (1) and any recommendations described in paragraph (2).’’.

					(3) by amending the analysis for such chapter by striking the items relating to subchapter II and inserting the following:

			“SUBCHAPTER II—ADVISORY BOARD ON WOMEN IN THE COAST GUARD
					“2521. Advisory Board on Women in the Coast Guard.
			“SUBCHAPTER III—LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE
					“2531. Personnel of former Lighthouse Service.”.

			(d) Recurring Report.—
					(1) In general.— Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

					“§ 5109. Report on gender diversity in the Coast Guard

						“(a) In General.— Not later than January 15, 2022, and biennially thereafter, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on gender diversity in the Coast Guard.
			14 USC 2501 prec.
						(b) Contents.— The report required under subsection (a) shall contain the following:

								“(1) Gender diversity overview.—An overview of Coast Guard active duty and reserve members, including the number of officers and enlisted members and the percentages of men and women in each.
								“(2) Recruitment and retention.—
									“(A) An analysis of the changes in the recruitment and retention of women over the previous 2 years.
									“(B) A discussion of any changes to Coast Guard recruitment and retention over the previous 2 years that were aimed at increasing the recruitment and retention of female members.
14 USC 5109.
Time periods. Analysis.