134 STAT. 4782

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

VASH program under section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)).
        (2) INCLUDED INFORMATION.—Each such annual report shall include, with respect to the year preceding the submittal of the report, a statement of the number of eligible individuals who were furnished such homelessness services and the number of individuals furnished such services under each such program, disaggregated by the number of men who received such services and the number of women who received such services, and such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate.
SEC. 9104. STUDY ON UNEMPLOYMENT RATE OF WOMEN VETERANS WHO SERVED ON ACTIVE DUTY IN THE ARMED FORCES AFTER SEPTEMBER 11, 2001.
(a) STUDY.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor, shall conduct a study on why post-9/11 veterans who are women are at higher risk of unemployment than all other groups of women veterans and their non-veteran counterparts.
        (2) CONDUCT OF STUDY.—
                (A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall conduct the study under paragraph (1) through the Center for Women Veterans under section 318 of title 38, United States Code.
                (B) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out the study conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary may consult with—
                        (i) the Department of Labor;
                        (ii) other Federal agencies, including the Department of Defense, the Office of Personnel Management, and the Small Business Administration;
                        (iii) foundations; and 
                        (iv) other entities in the private sector.
        (3) ELEMENTS OF STUDY.—The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to post-9/11 veterans who are women, an analysis of each of the following:
                (A) Rank at the time of separation from the Armed Forces.
                (B) Geographic location of residence upon such separation.
                (C) Highest level of education achieved as of the time of such separation.
                (D) The percentage of such veterans who enrolled in a program of education or an employment training program of the Department of Veterans Affairs of the Department of Labor after such separation.
                (E) Industries that have employed such veterans.
                (F) Military occupational specialties of such veterans while serving as members of the Armed Forces.
                (G) Barriers to employment of such veterans.
                (H) Causes of the fluctuations in employment of such veterans.
                (I) Employment training programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs or the Department of Labor that are