134 STAT. 4672          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

of the Coast Guard’s defense readiness missions for each of the past 10 fiscal years.

(3) The number of Coast Guard detachments assigned in support of the Coast Guard’s defense readiness mission for each of the past 10 fiscal years.

(c) ASSESSMENT.—In addition to the elements detailed in subsection (b), the report shall include an assessment of the impact on the Coast Guard’s non-defense mission readiness and operational capabilities due to the annual levels of reimbursement provided by the Department of Defense to compensate the Coast Guard for its expenses to fulfill its defense readiness mission.

SEC. 8248. REPORT ON THE FEASIBILITY OF LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FUELED VESSELS.

Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the following:

(1) The feasibility, safety, and cost effectiveness of using liquefied natural gas to fuel new Coast Guard vessels.

(2) The feasibility, safety, and cost effectiveness of converting existing vessels to run on liquefied natural gas fuels.

(3) The operational feasibility of using liquefied natural gas to fuel Coast Guard vessels.

SEC. 8249. COAST GUARD AUTHORITIES STUDY.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act under which the Academy shall prepare an assessment of Coast Guard authorities.

(b) ASSESSMENT.—The assessment under subsection (a) shall provide— Contracts. Examination,

(1) an examination of emerging issues that may require Coast Guard oversight, regulation, or action;

(2) a description of potential limitations and shortcomings of relying on current Coast Guard authorities to address emerging issues; and

(3) an overview of adjustments and additions that could be made to existing Coast Guard authorities to fully address emerging issues.

(c) REPORT TO THE CONGRESS.—Not later than 1 year after entering into an arrangement with the Secretary under subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the assessment under this section.

(d) EMERGING ISSUES.—In this section, the term “emerging issues’’ means changes in the maritime industry and environment that in the determination of the National Academy of Sciences are reasonably likely to occur within 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, including— Definition. Determination. Time period.

(1) the introduction of new technologies in the maritime domain;
(2) the advent of new processes or operational activities in the maritime domain; and