PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3969

intelligence services and strengthening accountability for human rights violations and abuses, corruption, or other abuses of power;
(I) promoting economic reform, private sector engagement, and inclusive economic development while combating corruption and illicit economic activity, including that which involves the Sudanese security and intelligence services;
(J) securing unfettered humanitarian access across all regions of Sudan;
(K) supporting improved development outcomes, domestic resource mobilization, and catalyzing market-based solutions to improve access to health, education, water and sanitation, and livelihoods; and
(L) promoting responsible international and regional engagement.

SEC. 1264. SUPPORT FOR DEMOCRATIC GOVERNANCE, RULE OF LAW, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS.
22 USC 10003.

(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that the political transition in Sudan, following several months of popular protests against the regime of Omar al-Bashir, represents an opportunity for the United States to support democracy, good governance, rule of law, human rights, and fundamental freedoms in Sudan.
(b) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (other than the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008), the President is authorized to provide assistance under part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq. and 2346 et seq.)—
(1) to provide for democracy and governance programs that strengthen and build the capacity of representative civilian government institutions, political parties, and civil society in Sudan;
(2) to support the organization of free, fair, and credible elections in Sudan;
(3) to provide technical support for legal and policy reforms that improve transparency and accountability and protect human rights, including religious freedom, and civil liberties in Sudan;
(4) to support human rights and fundamental freedoms in Sudan, including the freedoms of—
(A) religion or belief;
(B) expression, including for members of the press;
(C) assembly; and
(D) association;
(5) to support measures to improve and increase women’s participation in the political, economic, and social sectors of Sudan; and
(6) to support other related democracy, good governance, rule of law, and fundamental freedom programs and activities.
(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq. and 2346 et seq.) for fiscal years 2021 and 2022,