PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4859

(i) Semiconductor advanced test, assembly, and packaging capability in the domestic ecosystem.
(ii) Materials characterization, instrumentation and testing for next generation microelectronics.
(iii) Virtualization and automation of maintenance of semiconductor machinery.
(iv) Metrology for security and supply chain verification.
(B) To establish an investment fund, in partnership with the private sector, to support startups and collaborations between startups, academia, established companies, and new ventures, with the goal of commercializing innovations that contribute to the domestic semiconductor ecosystem, including—
(i) advanced metrology and characterization for manufacturing of microchips using 3 nanometer transistor processes or more advanced processes; and
(ii) metrology for security and supply chain verification.
(C) To work with the Secretary of Labor, the Director of the National Science Foundation, the Secretary of Energy, the private sector, institutions of higher education, and workforce training entities to incentivize and expand participation in graduate and undergraduate programs, and develop workforce training programs and apprenticeships, in advanced microelectronic design, research, fabrication, and packaging capabilities.

(d) NATIONAL ADVANCED PACKAGING MANUFACTURING PROGRAM.—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the Secretary of Commerce shall establish a National Advanced Packaging Manufacturing Program led by the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, in coordination with the national semiconductor technology center established under subsection (c), to strengthen semiconductor advanced test, assembly, and packaging capability in the domestic ecosystem, and which shall coordinate with the Manufacturing USA institute established under subsection (f), if applicable.
(e) MICROELECTRONICS RESEARCH AT THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY.—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall carry out a microelectronics research program to enable advances and breakthroughs in measurement science, standards, material characterization, instrumentation, testing, and manufacturing capabilities that will accelerate the underlying research and development for metrology of next generation microelectronics and ensure the competitiveness and leadership of the United States within this sector.
(f) CREATION OF A MANUFACTURING USA INSTITUTE.—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology may establish a Manufacturing USA institute described in section 34(d) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s(d)) that is focused on semiconductor manufacturing. Such institute may emphasize the following:
(1) Research to support the virtualization and automation of maintenance of semiconductor machinery.