PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021        134 STAT. 3723

SEC. 756. STUDY AND REPORT ON INCREASING TELEHEALTH SERVICES
ACROSS ARMED FORCES.

(a) STUDY.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study
that reviews, identifies, and evaluates the technology approaches,
policies, and concepts of operations of telehealth and telemedicine
programs across all military departments. The study shall include
the following:
(1) Identification and evaluation of limitations and
vulnerabilities of health care and medicine capabilities with
respect to telemedicine.
(2) Identification and evaluation of essential technologies
needed to achieve documented goals and capabilities of tele-
health and associated technologies required to support sustainability.
(3) Development of a technology maturation roadmap,
including an estimated funding profile over time, needed to
achieve an effective operational telehealth usage that describes
both the critical and associated supporting technologies, systems integration, prototyping and experimentation, and test
and evaluation.
(4) An analysis of telehealth programs, such as remote
diagnostic testing and evaluation tools that contribute to the
medical readiness of military medical providers.
(b) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to
the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives
and the Senate a report containing the study conducted under
subsection (a).

SEC. 757. STUDY ON FORCE MIX OPTIONS AND SERVICE MODELS TO
ENHANCE READINESS OF MEDICAL FORCE OF THE ARMED
FORCES.

(a) STUDY.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter
into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center or other independent entity to conduct a study on
force mix options and service models (including traditional and
nontraditional active and reserve models) to enhance the readiness
of the medical force of the Armed Forces to deliver combat care
on the battlefield and assist public health responses to pandemics
or other national public health emergencies.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The study under subsection (a) shall include,
at a minimum and conducted separately with respect to members
of the Armed Forces on active duty and members of the reserve
components—
(1) a review of existing models for such members who
are medical professionals to improve clinical readiness skills
by serving in civilian trauma centers, Federal agencies, or
other organizations determined appropriate by the Secretary;
(2) an assessment of the extent to which such existing
models can be optimized, standardized, and scaled to address
readiness shortfalls; and
(3) an evaluation of the cost and effectiveness of alternative models for such members who are medical professionals to
serve in the centers, agencies, and organizations specified in
subparagraph (A).