PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3537

generate, project, and sustain military forces to meet steady- 
state and contingency requirements. 
‘‘(H) An assessment of the cybersecurity risks to military 
and commercial logistics networks and information technology 
systems. 
‘‘(I) An assessment of the gaps between the requirements 
identified under subparagraphs (A) through (H) compared to 
the actual force structure and infrastructure capabilities, 
capacity, and posture and the risks associated with each gap 
as it relates to the ability to meet the national defense strategy. 
‘‘(J) A discussion of the identified mitigations being pursued 
to address each gap and risk identified under subparagraph 
(I) as well as the initiatives and resources planned to address 
such gaps, as included in the Department of Defense budget 
request submitted during the same year as the report and 
the applicable future-years defense program. 
‘‘(K) An assessment of the extent to which wargames incor- 
porate logistics capabilities and threats and a description of 
the logistics constraints and restraints to operations identified 
through such wargames. 
‘‘(L) An assessment of the ability of the Department of 
Defense, the Armed Forces, and the combatant commands to 
leverage and integrate emergent logistics related technologies 
and advanced computing systems. 
‘‘(M) Such other matters the Secretary of Defense considers 
appropriate. 
‘‘(2) In preparing the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary 
of Defense shall consult with, and consider the recommendations 
of, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Consultation. Recommendations. 
‘‘(3) The report required under this subsection shall be sub- 
mitted in classified form and shall include an unclassified summary. 
‘‘(b) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date on which the Secretary submits each report required 
under subsection (b), the Comptroller General shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a report that includes an assess- 
ment of each of the following: 
‘‘(1) Whether the report includes each of the elements 
referred to in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) The strengths and weaknesses of the approach and 
methodology used in conducting the review required under 
subsection (a) that is covered by the report. 
‘‘(3) Any other matters relating to sustainment that may 
arise from the report, as the Comptroller General considers 
appropriate. 
‘‘(d) RELATIONSHIP TO BUDGET.—Nothing in this section shall 
be construed to affect section 1105(a) of title 31.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin- 
ning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating 
to section 118 the following new item: 
‘‘118a. National Defense Sustainment and Logistics Review.’’. 
(c) DEADLINE FOR SUBMITTAL OF FIRST REPORT.—Notwith- 
standing the deadline in subsection (b)(1) of section 118a of title 
10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), the Secretary 
of Defense shall submit the first report under such section not 
later than the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment 10 USC 118a note. 
of this Act, unless a new National Defense Strategy is released 
prior to such date.