PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3687

        ‘‘(2) the provision of such care enhances the knowledge, 
skills, and abilities of health care providers, as determined 
by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 703. AUTHORITY FOR SECRETARY OF DEFENSE TO MANAGE PRO-
     VIDER TYPE REFERRAL AND SUPERVISION REQUIRE-
     MENTS UNDER TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 1079(a)(12) of title 10, United States Code, is amended, 
in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘or certified clinical social worker,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘certified clinical social worker, or other class of 
provider as designated by the Secretary of Defense,’’. 
SEC. 704. EXPANSION OF BENEFITS AVAILABLE UNDER TRICARE 
     EXTENDED CARE HEALTH OPTION PROGRAM. 
    (a) EXTENDED BENEFITS FOR ELIGIBLE DEPENDENTS.—Sub-
section (d) of section 1079 of title 10, United States Code, is amended 
to read as follows: 
       ‘‘(d)(1) Extended benefits for eligible dependents under sub-
section (d) may include comprehensive health care services 
(including services necessary to maintain, or minimize or prevent 
deterioration of, function of the patient) and case management 
services with respect to the qualifying condition of such a dependent, 
and include, to the extent such benefits are not provided under
provisions of this chapter other than under this section, the fol-
lowing:
         ‘‘(A) Diagnosis and screening. 
         ‘‘(B) Inpatient, outpatient, and comprehensive home health 
 care supplies and services which may include cost-effective 
 and medically appropriate services other than part-time or 
 intermittent services (within the meaning of such terms as 
 used in the second sentence of section 1861(m) of the Social 
 Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x)). 
         ‘‘(C) Rehabilitation services and devices. 
         ‘‘(D) In accordance with paragraph (2), respite care for 
 the primary caregiver of the eligible dependent.
         ‘‘(E) In accordance with paragraph (3), service and modifica-
 tion of durable equipment and assistive technology devices.
         ‘‘(F) Special education.
         ‘‘(G) Vocational training, which may be furnished to an 
eligible dependent in the residence of the eligible dependent 
or at a facility in which such training is provided.
         ‘‘(H) Such other services and supplies as determined appro-
 priate by the Secretary, notwithstanding the limitations in 
 subsection (a)(12).
      ‘‘(2) Respite care under paragraph (1)(D) shall be provided 
subject to the following conditions:
         ‘‘(A) Pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary 
 for purposes of this paragraph, such respite care shall be limited 
 to 32 hours per month for a primary caregiver. 
         ‘‘(B) Unused hours of such respite care may not be carried 
 over from one month to another month. 
         ‘‘(C) Such respite care may be provided to an eligible bene-
 ficiary regardless of whether the eligible beneficiary is receiving 
 another benefit under this subsection.
      ‘‘(3)(A) Service and modification of durable equipment and 
 assistive technology devices under paragraph (1)(E) may be provided