134 STAT. 3510             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Deadline.                (2) TIMING.—The Secretary shall seek to enter into the
                             agreement described in paragraph (1) not later than 60 days
                             after the date of the enactment of this Act.
                        (b) REVIEW.—
Recommendations.    (1) IN GENERAL.—Under an agreement between the Sec­
                             retary and the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering,
                             and Medicine under this section, the National Academies of
                             Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall carry out a compara­
                             tive analysis of efforts by China and the United States Govern­
                             ment to recruit and retain domestic and foreign researchers
                             and develop recommendations for the Secretary of Defense and
                             the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate.
                        (2) ELEMENTS.—The comparative analysis carried out 
                             under paragraph (1) and the recommendations developed under
                             such paragraph shall include the following:
Lists.                     (A) A list of the ‘‘talent programs’’ used by China
                                      and a list of the incentive programs used by the United
                                      States to recruit and retain researchers in fields relating
                                      to national security or defense research.
                                (B) The types of researchers, scientists, other technical
                                      experts, and fields targeted by each talent program listed
                                      under subparagraph (A).
                                (C) The number of researchers in academia, the
                                      Department of Defense Science and Technology Reinven­
                                      tion Laboratories, and national security science and
                                      engineering programs of the National Nuclear Security
                                      Administration targeted by the talent programs listed
                                      under subparagraph (A).
                                (D) The number of personnel currently participating
                                      in the talent programs listed under subparagraph (A) and
                                      the number of researchers currently participating in the
                                      incentive programs listed under subparagraph (B).
                                (E) The incentives offered by each of the talent pro­
                                      grams listed under subparagraph (A) and a description
                                      of the incentives offered through incentive programs under
                                      such subparagraph to recruit and retain researchers, sci­
                                      entists, and other technical experts.
                                (F) A characterization of the national security, eco­
                                      nomic, and scientific benefits China gains through the
                                      talent programs listed under subparagraph (A) and a
                                      description of similar gains accrued to the United States
                                      through incentive programs listed under such subpara­
                                      graph.
Risk assessment.           (G) An assessment of the risks to national security
                                      and benefits to the United States of scientific research
                                      cooperation between the United States and China, such
                                      as that which is performed under the agreement between
                                      the United States and the People’s Republic of China
                                      known as the ‘‘Agreement between the Government of the
                                      United States of America and the Government of the Peo­
                                      ple’s Republic of China on Cooperation in Science and
                                      Technology’’, signed in Washington on January 31, 1979,
                                      successor agreements, and similar agreements, adminis­
                                      tered by the Secretary of State and the heads of other
                                      Federal agencies.
Lists.                     (H) A list of findings and recommendations relating
Recommendations.          to policies that can be implemented by the United States,