PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 3631
Defense Advisory Committee on Diversity and Inclusion in the Armed Forces.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) The mission statement or purpose of the Advisory Committee, and any proposed objectives and goals of the Advisory Committee.
(B) A description of current members of the Advisory Committee and the criteria used for selecting members.
(C) A description of the duties and scope of activities of the Advisory Committee.
(D) The reporting structure of the Advisory Committee.
(E) An estimate of the annual operating costs and staff years of the Advisory Committee.
(F) An estimate of the number and frequency of meetings of the Advisory Committee.
(G) Any subcommittees, established or proposed, that would support the Advisory Committee.
(3) NOTICE AND WAIT ON DISSOLUTION.—The Secretary may not dissolve the Defense Advisory Committee on Diversity and Inclusion in the Armed Forces until 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the committees of Congress specified in paragraph (1) a notice on the dissolution of the Advisory Committee.

SEC. 552. EMERGENCY EXCEPTION FOR TIMING REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN SURVEYS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.
(a) MEMBERS OF REGULAR AND RESERVE COMPONENTS.—Sub-section (d) of section 481 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
‘‘(d) WHEN SURVEYS REQUIRED.—(1) The Armed Forces Workplace and Gender Relations Surveys of the Active Duty and the Armed Forces Workplace and Gender Relations Survey of the Reserve Components shall each be conducted once every two years. The surveys may be conducted within the same year or in two separate years, and shall be conducted in a manner designed to reduce the burden of the surveys on members of the armed forces.
‘‘(2) The two Armed Forces Workplace and Equal Opportunity Surveys shall be conducted at least once every four years. The surveys may be conducted within the same year or in two separate years, and shall be conducted in a manner designed to reduce the burden of the surveys on members of the armed forces.
‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense may postpone the conduct of a survey under this section if the Secretary determines that conducting such survey is not practicable due to a war or national emergency declared by the President or Congress.
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall ensure that a survey postponed under subparagraph (A) is conducted as soon as practicable after the end of the period of war or national emergency concerned, or earlier if the Secretary determines appropriate.
‘‘(C) The Secretary shall notify Congress of a determination under subparagraph (A) not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary makes such determination.’’.
(b) CADETS AND MIDSHIPMEN.—