134 STAT. 3652         PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 
    
    “(D) Protection from having a medical recommendation for an approved assignment overridden by the commanding officer.
    “(E) Ability to request continuation of location when there is a documented substantial risk of transferring medical care or educational services to a new provider or school at the specific time of permanent change of station.”; and 
        
        (C) in paragraph (4)—
           (i) in subparagraph (F), by striking “of an individualized services plan (medical and educational)” and inserting “by an appropriate office of an individualized services plan (whether medical, educational, or both)”; and 
           (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraphs:
        
        “(H) Procedures for the development of an individualized services plan for military family members with special needs who have requested family support services and have a completed family needs assessment. 
        “(I) Requirements to prohibit disenrollment from the Exceptional Family Member Program unless there is new supporting medical or educational information that indicates the original condition is no longer present, and to track disenrollment data in each armed force.”.

        (b) STANDARDIZATION.—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall, to the extent practicable, standardize the Exceptional Family Member Program (in this section referred to as the “EFMP”) across the military departments. The EFMP, standardized under this subsection, shall include the following:
        (1) Processes for the identification and enrollment of dependents of covered members with special needs.
        (2) A process for the permanent change of orders for covered members, to ensure seamless continuity of services at the new permanent duty station. 
        (3) If an order for assignment is declined for a military family with special needs, the member will receive a reason for the decline of that order.
        (4) A review process for installations to ensure that health care furnished through the TRICARE program, special needs education programs, and installation-based family support programs are available to military families enrolled in the EFMP.
        (5) A standardized respite care benefit across the covered Armed Forces, including the number of hours available under such benefit to military families enrolled in the EFMP.
        (6) Performance metrics for measuring, across the Department and with respect to each military department, the following:
        (A) Assignment coordination and support for military families with special needs, including a systematic process for evaluating each military department’s program for the support of military families with special needs. 
        (B) The reassignment of military families with special needs, including how often members request reassignments, for what reasons, and from what military installations.