PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

system and its associated construction projects and other infrastructure projects.
(3) UPDATES.—At the same time that the budget is submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal years 2023 through 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any deviations made during the current or preceding fiscal year or intended to be made during the current or next fiscal year from the synchronization actions described in the report required by paragraph (1), in particular the report elements specified in paragraph (2).

SEC. 2882. DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE PROGRAM.

(a) PRIORITIZATION OF COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS.—Section 2391(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(1)’’;
(2) by striking ‘‘, if the Secretary determines that such assistance will enhance the military value, resilience, or military family quality of life at such military installation’’; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall establish criteria for the selection of community infrastructure projects to receive assistance under this subsection, including selection of community infrastructure projects in the following order of priority:
‘‘(i) Projects that will enhance military value at a military installation, taking into consideration the military value criteria originally developed by the Secretary in compliance with the amendment made by section 3002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (division B of Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1344).
‘‘(ii) Projects that will enhance military installation resilience, as defined in section 101(e)(8) of this title.
‘‘(iii) Projects that will enhance military family quality of life at a military installation, taking into consideration subsection (e)(4)(C).’’.

(b) COST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS.—Paragraph (2) of section 2391(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
‘‘(2)(A) The criteria established for the selection of community infrastructure projects to receive assistance under this subsection shall include a requirement that, except as provided in subparagraph (B), the State or local government agree to contribute not less than 30 percent of the funding for the community infrastructure project.
‘‘(B) If a proposed community infrastructure project will be carried out in a rural area or the Secretary of Defense determines that a proposed community infrastructure project is advantageous for reasons related to national security, the Secretary—
‘‘(i) shall not penalize a State or local government for offering to make a contribution of 30 percent or less of the funding for the community infrastructure project; and
‘‘(ii) may reduce the requirement for a State or local government contribution to 30 percent or less or waive the cost-sharing requirement entirely.’’.

(c) SPECIFIED DURATION OF PROGRAM.—Section 2391(d)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘upon the