PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3959

(B) NONIMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary of Defense may decide not to implement a recommendation in the report described in subsection (a)(1) if the Secretary pro- vides to the congressional defense committees, on or before the date specified in paragraph (1)—
(i) a specific justification for the decision not to implement the recommendation; and
(ii) a summary of alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the conditions underlying the recommendation.

SEC. 1260. STATEMENT OF POLICY AND SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE
                           TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT.
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy of the United States—
(1) that the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the Six Assurances provided by the United States to Taiwan in July 1982 are the foundation for United States-Taiwan relations;
(2) to fully pursue the deepening of the extensive, close, and friendly relations of the United States and Taiwan pursuant to the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), the intent of which is to facilitate greater coopera- tion and the broadening and deepening of United States-Taiwan relations;
(3) that the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) shall be implemented and executed, con- sistent with the Six Assurances, to address evolving political, security, and economic dynamics and circumstances;
(4) that, as set forth in the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), the United States decision to establish diplomatic relations with the People’s Republic of China rests upon the expectation that the future of Taiwan will be determined by peaceful means, and that any effort to determine the future of Taiwan by other than peaceful means, including boycotts and embargoes, is a threat to the peace and security of the Western Pacific area and of grave concern to the United States;
(5) that the increasingly coercive and aggressive behavior of the People’s Republic of China towards Taiwan is contrary to the expectation of the peaceful resolution of the future of Taiwan; and
(6) as set forth in the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), to maintain the capacity to resist any resort to force or other forms of coercion that would jeopardize the security, or the social or economic system, of the people on Taiwan.
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that—
(1) the United States should continue to support the development of capable, ready, and modern defense forces nec- essary for Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-defense capa- bility, including by—
(A) supporting acquisition by Taiwan of defense articles and services through foreign military sales, direct commer- cial sales, and industrial cooperation, with an emphasis on capabilities that support the asymmetric defense strategy of Taiwan, including anti-ship, coastal defense,