134 STAT. 3980

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(A) certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the transfer supports the national security interests of the United States; and

(B) provide to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the impacts, risks, and mitigation measures with respect to the matters referred to in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (b) of this section.

(d) ASSESSMENT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment with respect to the following matters:
(A) The current quantity and type of precision-guided munitions in the stockpile pursuant to section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011), as amended.
(B) The quantity and type of precision-guided munitions necessary for Israel to combat Hezbollah and hostile forces that threaten Israel.
(C) The quantity and type of precision-guided munitions necessary for Israel in the event of a sustained armed confrontation with other armed groups and terrorist organizations.
(D) The current United States inventory of precision-guided munitions of the type specified in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) and ability of that inventory to meet requirements of current Operation Plans.
(E) Department of Defense efforts to expand precision-guided munitions production and stockpiles to meet operational requirements.
(F) Israel’s efforts to expand precision-guided munitions production and stockpiles to meet operational requirements.
(2) REPORT.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the results of the assessment required by paragraph (1), including a description of such results with respect to each matter described in that paragraph.
(B) FORM.—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in classified form.

(e) TERMINATION.—The authority of the President to transfer precision-guided munitions under this section shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 1276. ELIGIBILITY OF ISRAEL FOR THE STRATEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION EXCEPTION TO CERTAIN EXPORT CONTROL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS.

Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall brief the appropriate congressional committees by describing the steps taken to include Israel in the list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization exception under section 740.20(c)(1) of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, as required under section 6(b) of the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296; 128 Stat. 4076; 22 U.S.C. 8603 note).