PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3931

‘‘(1) A staffing plan to reorganize the Office in a manner similar to that of other security cooperation offices in the region that—
‘‘(A) emphasizes the placement of personnel with regional or security cooperation expertise in key leadership positions;
‘‘(B) closes duplicative or extraneous sections;
‘‘(C) includes the number and type of validated billets funded by the Department of Defense necessary to support the Office; and
‘‘(D) outlines the process and provides a timeline for validating billets funded by the Department of State necessary to support the Office.
 ‘‘(2) A progress report with respect to the initiation of bilateral engagement with the Government of Iraq with the objective of establishing a joint mechanism for security assistance planning, including a five-year security assistance roadmap for developing sustainable military capacity and capabilities and enabling defense institution building and reform.
 ‘‘(3) A plan to transition the preponderance of funding for the activities of the Office from current sources to the Foreign Military Financing Administrative Fund and the Foreign Military Sales Trust Fund Administrative Surcharge Account in future years.’’.

SEC. 1224. PROHIBITION ON PROVISION OF WEAPONS AND OTHER FORMS OF SUPPORT TO CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS.

None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2021 may be used to knowingly provide weapons or any other form of support to Al Qaeda, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Jabhat Fateh al Sham, Hamas, Hizballah, Palestine Islamic Jihad, al-Shabaab, Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, or any individual or group affiliated with any such organization.

SEC. 1225. REPORT AND BUDGET DETAILS REGARDING OPERATION SPARTAN SHIELD.

(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—At the same time as the submission of the budget of the President (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report with accompanying budgetary details regarding Operation Spartan Shield.
(b) ELEMENTS OF REPORT.—At a minimum, the report required by subsection (a) shall include—
‘‘(1)(A) for the first report, a history of the operation and its objectives; and
‘‘(B) for each subsequent report, a description of the operation and its objectives during the prior fiscal year; 
‘‘(2) a list and description of activities and exercises carried out under the operation during the prior fiscal year;
 ‘‘(3) a description of the purpose and goals of such activities and exercises and an assessment of the degree to which stated goals were achieved during the prior fiscal year;