134 STAT. 4130              PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

       (1) CENTER.—The term ‘‘Center’’ has the meaning given 
    such term in section 25(a) of the National Institute of Standards 
    and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k(a)).
       (2) SMALL MANUFACTURER.—The term ‘‘small manufac-
    turer’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1644(g) 
    of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act 
    for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 10 U.S.C. 2224 
    note).

SEC. 1739. ASSESSMENT ON DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE CYBERSECURITY 
               THREAT HUNTING PROGRAM.

    (a) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than 270 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall 
complete an assessment of the feasibility, suitability, definition 
of, and resourcing required to establish a defense industrial base 
cybersecurity threat hunting program to actively identify cybersecu-
rity threats and vulnerabilities within the defense industrial base.
    (b) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required under section (a) shall 
include evaluation of the following:
         (1) Existing defense industrial base cybersecurity threat 
      hunting policies and programs, including the threat hunting 
      elements at each level of the compliance-based Cybersecurity 
      Maturity Model Certification program of the Department of 
      Defense, including requirements germane to continuous moni-
      toring, discovery, and investigation of anomalous activity indica-
      tive of a cybersecurity incident. 
         (2) The suitability of a continuous cybersecurity threat 
      hunting program, as a supplement to the cyber hygiene require-
      ments of the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification, 
      including consideration of the following:
              (A) Collection and analysis of metadata on network 
           activity to detect possible intrusions.
              (B) Rapid investigation and remediation of possible 
           intrusions.
              (C) Requirements for mitigating any vulnerabilities 
           identified pursuant to the cybersecurity threat hunting pro-
           gram.
              (D) Mechanisms for the Department of Defense to 
           share with entities in the defense industrial base malicious 
           code, indicators of compromise, and insights on the evolving 
           threat landscape.
        (3) Recommendations with respect to cybersecurity threat 
     hunting program participation of prime contractors and sub-
     contractors, including relating to the following:
              (A) Incentives for defense industrial base entities to 
           share with the Department of Defense threat and vulner-
           ability information collected pursuant to threat monitoring 
           and hunting activities.
              (B) Mandating minimum levels of program participa-
           tion for any defense industrial base entity.
              (C) Procurement prohibitions on any defense industrial 
           base entity that is not in compliance with the requirements 
           of the cybersecurity threat hunting program. 
              (D) Waiver authority and criteria.
              (E) Consideration of a tiered cybersecurity threat 
           hunting program that takes into account the following: