PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3833

(b) TIMING OF BRIEFING.—The briefing on a business case analysis conducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be provided not later than 15 days after the date of the completion of the business case analysis by the Secretary.
Deadline.

SEC. 931. ORGANIZATION OF THE SPACE FORCE.
(a) LIMITATIONS.— 
(1) SECRETARY OF DEFENSE.—The Secretary of Defense may not establish a Space National Guard or Space Reserve as a reserve component of the Space Force until the Secretary completes the study under subsection (b) and determines, based on the result of such study, that a Space National Guard or a Space Reserve is the organization best suited to discharge, in an effective and efficient manner, the missions intended to be assigned to such organization.
Determination.

(2) SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE.—Until the Secretary of Defense carries out subsection (b), the Secretary of the Air Force may not—
(A) transfer to another component of the Air Force, any member or civilian personnel of the Air National Guard who is assigned to a space mission; or
(B) relocate any asset, or dissolve any element, of the Air National Guard or Air Force Reserve that is assigned to a space mission.

(b) STUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than March 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to formulate a plan regarding how best to organize the active and reserve components of the Space Force and submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding such study. The report shall include the following:
(1) The assumptions and factors used to make the plan.
(2) Individuals who made recommendations regarding the organization of such components.
(3) Determinations of the Secretary regarding the mission, organization, and unit retention of such components.
(4) The final organizational and integration recommendations regarding such components.
(5) The proposed staffing and operational organization for such components.
(6) The estimated date of implementation of the plan.
(7) Any savings or costs arising from the preservation of existing space-related force structures in the Air National Guard.
Deadline.
Plan.
Determinations.
Recommendations.
Proposals.
Estimate.

(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit the reserve components of the Air Force from performing space missions or continuing to support the Air Force and the Space Force in the performance of space missions.

TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS

Subtitle A—Financial Matters

Sec. 1001. General transfer authority.
Sec. 1002. Budget materials for special operations forces.
Sec. 1003. Application of Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation Plan to fiscal years following fiscal year 2020.
Sec. 1004. Incentives for the achievement by the components of the Department of Defense of unqualified audit opinions on the financial statements.
Sec. 1005. Audit readiness and remediation.