PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4403

(2) PRIORITY.—To the extent practicable, in allocating and distributing funds under this section, the Maritime Administrator shall give priority to applications submitted by eligible State or Tribal entities.

(c) APPLICATIONS.—An applicant for assistance under this section shall submit an application for such assistance to the Maritime Administrator at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the Maritime Administrator may require.

(d) COORDINATION OF EMERGENCY FUNDS.—

(1) USE OF FUNDS.—Funds appropriated to carry out this section shall be in addition to any other funds available under this chapter

(2) NO EFFECT ON OTHER GOVERNMENT ACTIVITY.—The provision of funds under this section shall not affect the ability of any other agency of the Government, including the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or a State agency, a local governmental entity, organization, or person, to provide any other funds otherwise authorized by law.

(e) GRANT REQUIREMENTS.—A grant awarded under this section that is made to address an emergency referred to in subsection (j)(4)(B) shall be—

(1) subject to the terms and conditions the Maritime Administrator determines are necessary;
(2) made only for expenses that are not reimbursed under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) or any Federal, States, or local assistance program; and
(3) made only for expenses that are not reimbursed under any type of marine insurance.

(f) FEDERAL SHARE OF COSTS.—The Federal share payable of the costs for which a grant is made under this section shall be 100 percent.

(g) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Of the amounts available to carry out this section, not more than two percent may be used for administration of this section.

(h) QUALITY ASSURANCE.—The Maritime Administrator shall institute adequate policies, procedures, and internal controls to prevent waste, fraud, abuse, and program mismanagement for the distribution of funds under this section.

(i) REPORTS.—On an annual basis, the Maritime Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the financial assistance provided under this section during the year covered by the report. Each such report shall include, for such year, a description of such assistance provided and of how such assistance—

(1) affected the United States maritime transportation system;
(2) mitigated the financial impact of the emergency on the recipient of the assistance; and
(3) protected critical infrastructure in the United States.

(j) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

(1) ELIGIBLE STATE OR TRIBAL ENTITY.—The term ‘eligible State or Tribal entity’ means—

(A) a port authority; or