PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 
134 STAT. 4337

(2) ELEMENTS.—Required elements of each evaluation shall include the following:
	(A) An evaluation of alternative water sources to offset use of freshwater, including water recycling and harvested rainwater for use as non-potable water.
	(B) An evaluation of the feasibility of implementing Department of Energy guidelines for net zero water usage, when practicable, to minimize water consumption and wastewater discharge in buildings scheduled for renovation.
	(C) An evaluation of the practicality of implementing net zero water usage technology into new construction in water-constrained areas, as determined by water management and security assessments conducted under subsection (b).
(d) IMPROVED LANDSCAPING MANAGEMENT PRACTICES.—
	(1) LANDSCAPING MANAGEMENT.—The Secretary concerned shall implement, to the maximum extent practicable, at each military installation under the jurisdiction of the Secretary landscaping management practices to increase water resilience and ensure greater quantities of water availability for operational, training, and maintenance requirements.
	(2) ARID OR SEMI-ARID CLIMATES.—For military installations located in arid or semi-arid climates, landscaping management practices shall include the use of xeriscaping.
	(3) NON-ARID CLIMATES.—For military installations located in non-arid climates, landscaping management practices shall include the use of plants common to the region in which the installation is located and native grasses and plants.
	(4) POLLINATOR CONSERVATION REFERENCE GUIDE.—The Secretary concerned shall follow the recommendations of the Department of Defense Pollinator Conservation Reference Guide (September 2018) to the maximum extent practicable in order to reduce operation and maintenance costs related to landscaping management, while improving area management. Consistent with such guide, in the preparation of a military installation landscaping plan, the Secretary concerned shall consider the following:
		(A) Adding native flowering plants to sunny open areas and removing overhanging tree limbs above open patches within forested areas or dense shrub.
		(B) Removing or controlling invasive plants to improve pollinator habitat.
		(C) Preserving known and potential pollinator nesting and overwintering sites.
		(D) Eliminating or minimizing pesticide use in pollinator habitat areas.
		(E) Mowing in late fall or winter after plants have bloomed and set seed, adjusting timing to avoid vulnerable life stages of special status pollinators.
		(F) Mowing mid-day when adult pollinators can avoid mowing equipment.
(e) IMPLEMENTATION REPORT.—
	(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the other Secretaries concerned, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate