134 STAT. 4738           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                      “(2) Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary may expend funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the engineering and design of a Museum.
                      “(3) The priority for the use of funds appropriated to the
Coast Guard shall be to preserve, protect, and display historic Coast Guard artifacts, including the design, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are included.

Deadline.   “(c) FUNDING PLAN.—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Elijah E. Cummings Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2020 and at least 90 days before the date on which the Commandant accepts the Museum under subsection (f), the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan for constructing, operating, and maintaining such Museum, including—
                                         “(1) estimated planning, engineering, design, construction,
operation, and maintenance costs;
                                         “(2) the extent to which appropriated, nonappropriated,
and non-Federal funds will be used for such purposes, including the extent to which there is any shortfall in funding for engineering, design, or construction;
                                         “(3) an explanation of any environmental remediation
issues related to the land associated with the Museum; and
                                         “(4) a certification by the Commandant of the depart-
ment in which the Coast Guard is operating that the estimates provided pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) are reasonable and realistic. 

Certification.   “(d) CONSTRUCTION.—
                                         “(1) The Association may construct the Museum described
in subsection (a).
                                         “(2) The Museum shall be designed and constructed in
compliance with the International Building Code 2018, and construction performed on Federal land under this section shall be exempt from State and local requirements for building or demolition permits.

Deadline.        “(e) AGREEMENTS.—Under such terms and conditions as the
Commandant considers appropriate, notwithstanding section 504,
and until the Commandant accepts the Museum under subsection
(f), the Commandant may—
                                         “(1) license Federal land to the Association for the purpose
of constructing the Museum described in subsection (a); and
                                         “(2)(A) at a nominal charge, lease the Museum from the
Association for activities and operations related to the Museum; and
                                         “(B) authorize the Association to generate revenue from
the use of the Museum.

                          “(f) ACCEPTANCE.—Not earlier than 90 days after the Commandant submits the plan under subsection (c), the Commandant shall accept the Museum from the Association and all right, title, and interest in and to the Museum shall vest in the United States              when—
                                                          “(1) the Association demonstrates, in a manner acceptable
to the Commandant, that the Museum meets the design and construction requirements of subsection (d); and