PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 

(1) a briefing summarizing the policy developed under this section; and 
(2) a copy of the policy.

(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “covered member” means a member of an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department who—
(A) is pregnant;
(B) gives birth to a child; or 
(C) incurs a medical condition arising from pregnancy or childbirth.
(2) The term “military educational institution” means a postsecondary educational institution established within the Department of Defense.

SEC. 556. TRAINING ON CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.

In accordance with Department of Defense Instruction 1300.17, dated September 1, 2020, and applicable law, the Secretary of Defense shall implement training on relevant Federal statutes, Department of Defense Instructions, and the regulations of each military department, including the responsibility of commanders to maintain good order and discipline.

SEC. 557. EVALUATION OF BARRIERS TO MINORITY PARTICIPATION IN CERTAIN UNITS OF THE ARMED FORCES.

(a) STUDY REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center with relevant expertise to conduct an evaluation of the barriers to minority participation in covered units of the Armed Forces.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The evaluation required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements:
(A) A description of the racial, ethnic, and gender composition of covered units.
(B) A comparison of the participation rates of minority populations in covered units to participation rates of the general population as members and as officers of the Armed Forces.
(C) A comparison of the percentage of minority officers in the grade of O-7 or higher who have served in each covered unit to such percentage for all such officers in the Armed Force of that covered unit.
(D) An identification of barriers to minority (including English language learners) participation in the recruitment, accession, assessment, and training processes.
(E) The status and effectiveness of the response to the recommendations contained in the report of the RAND Corporation titled “Barriers to Minority Participation in Special Operations Forces” and any follow-up recommendations.
(F) Recommendations to increase the numbers of minority officers in the Armed Forces.
(G) Recommendations to increase minority participation in covered units.