134 STAT. 3802                 PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an evaluation, based on a review by the Comptroller General of such policies, guidance, and framework, to the extent to which the categories and metrics in such policies, guidance, and reporting framework will enable consistent measurement of progress in reform and prioritization of reform of the Department. 

SEC. 912. LIMITATION ON REDUCTION OF CIVILIAN WORKFORCE.

Section 129a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: "The Secretary may not reduce the civilian workforce programmed full-time equivalent levels unless the Secretary conducts an appropriate analysis of the impacts of such reductions on workload, military force structure, lethality, readiness, operational effectiveness, stress on the military force, and fully burdened costs.".

SEC. 913. CHIEF DIVERSITY OFFICER AND SENIOR ADVISORS FOR DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION.

(a) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.--

(1) IN GENERAL--Chapter 4 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 905 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section:

" ' 147. Chief Diversity Officer

"(a) CHIEF DIVERSITY OFFICER.—(1) There is a Chief Diversity Officer of the Department of Defense, who shall be appointed by the Secretary of Defense.

"(2) The Chief Diversity Officer shall be appointed from among persons who have an extensive management or business background and experience with diversity and inclusion. A person may not be appointed as Chief Diversity Officer within three years after relief from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular component of an armed force. 

"(3) The Chief Diversity Officer shall report directly to the Secretary of Defense in the performance of the duties of the Chief Diversity Officer under this section.

"(b) DUTIES.--The Chief Diversity Officer--

"(1) is responsible for providing advice on policy, oversight, guidance, and coordination for all matters of the Department of Defense related to diversity and inclusion;

"(2) advises the Secretary of Defense, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the heads of all other elements of the Department with regard to matters of diversity and inclusion;

"(3) shall establish and maintain a Department of Defense strategic plan that publicly states a diversity definition, vision, and goals for the Department;

"(4) shall define a set of strategic metrics that are directly linked to key organizational priorities and goals, actionable, and actively used to implement the strategic plan under paragraph (3);

"(5) shall advise in the establishment of training in diversity dynamics and training in practices for leading diverse groups effectively;

"(6) shall advise in the establishment of a strategic plan for diverse participation by institutions of higher education (including historically black colleges and universities and