134 STAT. 3594          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

for purposes of the pilot program, including the number 
      of such members participating in the pilot program. 
            (ii) The number of recipients of financial assistance 
      provided under the pilot program, including the 
      number who—
                        (I) completed a ground school course of instruc-
           tion in connection with obtaining a private pilot’s 
           certificate;
                        (II) completed flight training, and the type 
           of training, certificate, or both received;
                        (III) were selected for a pilot training slot in 
           the Armed Forces;
                        (IV) initiated pilot training in the Armed 
           Forces; or
                        (V) successfully completed pilot training in the 
           Armed Forces.
            (iii) The amount of financial assistance provided 
      under the pilot program, broken out by covered institu-
      tion, course of study, and such other measures as the 
      Secretary considers appropriate.
            (C) Data collected in accordance with the evaluation 
      metrics established under subsection (e).
   (3) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days prior to the 
 completion of the pilot programs, the Secretary shall submit 
 to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the 
 House of Representatives a report on the pilot programs. The 
 report shall include the following:
            (A) A description of the pilot programs.
            (B) An assessment of the effectiveness of each pilot 
      program.
            (C) A description of the cost of each pilot program, 
      and an estimate of the cost of making each pilot program 
      permanent.
            (D) An estimate of the cost of expanding each pilot 
      program throughout all eligible Senior Reserve Officers’ 
      Training Corps units and College Student Pre-Commisioning Initiative programs.
            (E) Such recommendations for legislative or adminis-
      trative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in 
      light of the pilot programs, including recommendations for 
      extending or making permanent the authority for each 
      pilot program.
   (g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
      (1) The term “covered institution” has the meaning given 
  that term in section 262(g)(2) of the National Defense 
  Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92).
      (2) The term “covered military installation” means an 
  installation of the Department of Defense for the regular compo-
  nents of the Armed Forces.
      (3) The term “flight training” means a course of instruction 
  toward obtaining any of the following:
            (A) A private pilot’s certificate.
            (B) A commercial pilot certificate.
            (C) A certified flight instructor certificate.
            (D) A multi-crew pilot’s license.
            (E) A flight instrument rating.