134 STAT. 4006         PUBLIC LAW  116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

or entities the Secretary of State considers a potential terrorist threat to the United States.
Consultation. (7) A description of the Department’s plans, in consultation with the Department of the Treasury, to work with foreign governments, financial institutions, and other related entities to counter the financing of white identity terrorists within the parameters of current law, or if no such plans exist, a description of why.
(8) A description of how the Department plans to implement the strategy in conjunction with ongoing efforts to counter the Islamic State, al-Qaeda, and other terrorist threats to the United States.
(9) A description of how the Department will integrate into the strategy lessons learned in the ongoing efforts to counter the Islamic State, al-Qaeda, and other terrorist threats to the United States.
(10) A identification of any additional resources or staff needed to implement the strategy.
Consultation. (c) INTERAGENCY COORDINATION.—The Secretary of State shall develop the strategy in coordination with the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center and in consultation with the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, the Attorney General, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the heads of any other relevant Federal departments or agencies.
(d) STAKEHOLDER INCLUSION.—The strategy shall be developed in consultation with representatives of United States and international civil society and academic entities with experience researching or implementing programs to counter white identity terrorism.
Deadline. (e) FORM.—The strategy shall be submitted in unclassified form that can be made available to the public, but may include a classified annex if the Secretary of State determines such is appropriate.
Deadline. (f) IMPLEMENTATION.—Not later than three months after the submission of the strategy, the Secretary of State shall begin implementing the strategy.
(g) CONSULTATION.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less often than annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate regarding the development and implementation of the strategy.
(h) COUNTRY REPORTS ON TERRORISM.—The Secretary of State shall incorporate all credible information about white identity terrorism, including regarding relevant attacks, the identification of perpetrators and victims of such attacks, the size and identification of organizations and networks, and the identification of notable ideologues, in the annual country reports on terrorism submitted pursuant to section 140 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (22 U.S.C. 2656f).
President. (i) REPORT ON SANCTIONS.—
Determinations. (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days and again 240 days after the submission of each annual country report on terrorism submitted pursuant to section 140 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (22 U.S.C. 2656f), as modified in accordance with subsection (h),