PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 4351

Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the
Interior shall select—
“(aa) ½ to serve for a term of 4 years;
and
“(bb) ½ to serve for a term of 2 years.
“(iii) Reappointment and replacement.—The 
Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior
may reappoint or replace, as appropriate, a member
of the executive committee if—
“(I) the term of the member has expired;
“(II) the member has resigned; or
“(III) the position held by the member has
changed to the extent that the ability of the
member to represent the group or entity that the
member represents has been significantly affected.
“(G) Liaisons.—The Secretary of the Navy and the
Secretary of the Interior shall each appoint appropriate
operational and land management personnel of the Depart­
ment of the Navy and the Department of the Interior,
respectively, to serve as liaisons to the executive com­
mittee.”.
(b) Joint Access and Use by Department of the Air Force
and Department of the Interior of Nevada Test and Training
Range and Desert National Wildlife Refuge.—
(1) United States fish and wildlife service and depart­
ment of the air force coordination.—Section 3011(b)(5)
of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (Public Law
106–65; 113 Stat. 887) is amended by adding at the end the
following new subparagraph:
“(G) Interagency Committee.—
“(i) In general.—The Secretary of the Interior
and the Secretary of the Air Force shall jointly estab­
lish an interagency committee (referred to in this
subparagraph as the ‘interagency committee’) to facili­
tate coordination, manage public access needs and
requirements, and minimize potential conflict between
the Department of the Interior and the Department
of the Air Force with respect to joint operating areas
within the Desert National Wildlife Refuge.
“(ii) Membership.—The interagency committee
shall include only the following members:
“(I) Representatives from the United States
Fish and Wildlife Service.
“(II) Representatives from the Department of
the Air Force.
“(III) The Project Leader of the Desert
National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
“(IV) The Commander of the Nevada Test and
Training Range, Nellis Air Force Base.
“(iii) Report to congress.—The interagency com­
mittee shall biannually submit to the Committees on
Armed Services, Environment and Public Works, and
Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the
Committees on Armed Services and Natural Resources
of the House of Representatives, and make available
publicly online, a report on the activities of the inter­
agency committee.”.