134 STAT. 3630                 PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(b) REQUIREMENT TO CONSIDER ALL BEST QUALIFIED OFFICERS FOR PROMOTION TO O–9 AND O–10 GRADES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 601 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
“(e) Prior to making a recommendation to the Secretary of Defense for the nomination of an officer for appointment to a position of importance and responsibility under this section, which appointment would result in the initial appointment of the officer concerned in the grade of lieutenant general or general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, vice admiral or admiral in the Navy, or the commensurate grades in the Space Force, the Secretary concerned shall consider all officers determined to be among the best qualified for such position.”.
(2) COAST GUARD.—Section 305(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
“(4) Prior to making a recommendation to the President for the nomination of an officer for appointment to a position of importance and responsibility under this section, which appointment would result in the initial appointment of the officer concerned in the grade of vice admiral, the Commandant shall consider all officers determined to be among the best qualified for such position.”. 
(c) REPORT ON FINDINGS OF DEFENSE BOARD ON DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION IN THE MILITARY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Upon the completion by the Defense Board on Diversity and Inclusion in the Military of its report on actionable recommendations to increase diversity and ensure equal opportunity across all grades of the Armed Forces, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the report of the Defense Board, including the findings and recommendations of the Defense Board.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A comprehensive description of the findings and recommendations of the Defense Board in its report referred to in paragraph (1). 
(B) A comprehensive description of any actionable recommendations of the Defense Board in its report.
(C) A description of the actions proposed to be undertaken by the Secretary in connection with such recommendations, and a timeline for implementation of such actions. 
(D) Any data used by the Defense Board and in the development of its findings and recommendations. 
(E) A description of the resources used by the Defense Board for its report, and a description and assessment of any shortfalls in such resources for purposes of the Defense Board.
(d) DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION IN THE ARMED FORCES MATTERS.— 
(1) REPORT.—At the same time the Secretary of Defense submits the report required by subsection (c), the Secretary shall also submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the