134 STAT. 4406             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

of publication of the most recently published plan under this paragraph.
    “(2) CONTENTS.—A plan published under paragraph (1) shall contain—
        “(A) a strategy to address merchant mariner recruitment, training, and retention issues in the United States; and
        “(B) demonstration and research priorities concerning merchant mariner recruitment, training, and retention.
    “(3) FACTORS.—In developing a plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into account, at a minimum—
        “(A) the availability of existing research (as of the date of publication of the plan); and
        “(B) the need to ensure results that have broad applicability for the United States merchant marine workforce development.
    “(4) CONSULTATION.—In developing a plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with representatives of the maritime industry, labor organizations, including the Commander of the Transportation Command and the Commander of the Military Sealift Command, and other governmental entities and stakeholders in the maritime industry.
            Records.
    “(5) TRANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary shall transmit copies of any plan published under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate.
            Determination. 
    “(6) TERMINATION DATE.—The requirement to publish a plan under this paragraph shall terminate on the date that the Administrator of the Maritime Administration determines that there is an adequate number of United States mariners for sustained strategic sealift.”.
    (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The analysis for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following:
“51707. Merchant mariner recruitment, training, and retention strategic plan.”.
    (c) STUDY AND REPORT ON FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR TRAINING MERCHANT MARINERS.—
            Coordination.
        (1) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Administrator of the Maritime Administration, in coordination with the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Labor, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a study to—
            (A) identify Federal financial assistance available for the training of United States merchant mariners, including those working to receive a Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping endorsement under subchapter B of chapter 11 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations;
            (B) identify individuals eligible for assistance described in subparagraph (A); and
            Recommendations.
            (C) develop recommendations to improve licensed and unlicensed merchant mariner access to assistance described in subparagraph (A).
    Deadline.
        (2) REPORT AND BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall—
            (A) provide to Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the