134 STAT. 3434

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(A) in paragraph (3), by striking "Increment 1, 2, and 3"; and
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking "until Increment 2 of the Advanced Battle-Management System declares initial operational capability” and inserting “until the Advanced Battle Management System delivers equivalent capability”.

SEC. 141. LIMITATION ON DIVESTMENT OF F–15C AIRCRAFT WITHIN THE EUROPEAN THEATER.

Time period.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air Force may not divest any F–15C aircraft within the area of responsibility of the United States European Command until 180 days after the report required by subsection (b) is submitted to the congressional defense committees.
(b) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Commander of the United States European Command shall, in consultation with the Commander of United States Air Forces Europe, submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the strategy, force structure construct and capacity, and strategy implementation plan to replace the capability and capacity provided by the F–15C aircraft in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command in a manner that maintains an inherent and equal or better air superiority capability and capacity to that provided by the F–15C aircraft in that area of responsibility.
(2) FORM.—The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.

SEC. 142. MODERNIZATION PLAN FOR AIRBORNE INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE.

(a) MODERNIZATION PLAN.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air Force shall develop a comprehensive plan for the modernization of airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, which shall—
(A) ensure the alignment between requirements, both current and future, and Air Force budget submissions to meet such requirements; and
(B) inform the preparation of future defense program and budget requests by the Secretary, and the consideration of such requests by Congress.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) An assessment of all airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance missions, both current missions and future missions anticipated to be necessary to support the national defense strategy.
(B) An analysis of platforms, capabilities, and capacities necessary to fulfill such current and future missions.
(C) The anticipated life-cycle budget associated with each platform, capability, and capacity requirement for both current and anticipated future requirements.
(D) An analysis showing operational, budget, and schedule trade-offs between sustainment of currently fielded capabilities, modernization of currently fielded capabilities, and development and production of new capabilities.