134 STAT. 3536

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

10 USC 118a. 
Time periods. 

Consultation. 

Assessments. 

“§ 118a. National Defense Sustainment and Logistics Review
    “(a) REVIEW REQUIRED.—Upon submission of each national defense strategy under section 113(g) of this title, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive review of the sustainment and logistics requirements necessary to support the force structure, force modernization, infrastructure, force deployment capabilities, and other elements of the defense program and policies of the United States during the subsequent 5-, 10-, and 25-year periods. Each such review shall be known as the ‘National Defense Sustainment and Logistics Review’. Each such review shall be conducted in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces, all functional and geographic combatant commanders, and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency.
    “(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—(1) Not later than the first Monday in February of the year following the fiscal year during which the National Defense Strategy was submitted under section 113(g) of this title, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the review required by subsection (a). Each such report shall include each of the following:
        “(A) An assessment of the strategic, operational, and tactical maritime logistics force (including non-military assets provided by Military Sealift Command, the Maritime Administration, and through the Voluntary International Sealift Agreement and Voluntary Tanker Agreement) required to support sealift, at sea logistics, and over-the-shore logistics forces to meet steady state and contingency requirements, and the strategic and intra-theater movement of supplies, personnel, and equipment.
        “(B) An assessment of the strategic, operational, and tactical airlift and tankers (including non-military assets provided by the Civil Reserve Air Fleet) required to meet steady state and contingency requirements.
        “(C) An assessment of the location, configuration, material condition, and inventory of prepositioned material, equipment, and war reserves programs, as well as the ability to store and distribute these items to deployed military forces, required to meet steady state and contingency requirements.
        “(D) An assessment of the location, infrastructure, and storage capacity for petroleum, oil, and lubricant products, as well as the ability to store, transport, and distribute such products from storage supply points to deployed military forces, required to meet steady state and contingency requirements.
        “(E) An assessment of the capabilities, capacity, and infrastructure of the Department of Defense organic industrial base and private sector industrial base required to meet steady-state and surge software and depot maintenance requirements.
        “(F) An assessment of the production capability, capacity, and infrastructure, of the Department of Defense organic industrial base and private sector industrial base required to meet steady-state and surge production requirements for ammunition and other military munitions.
        “(G) An assessment of the condition, capacity, location, and survivability under likely threats of military infrastructure located both inside the continental United States and outside the continental United States, including agreements with and infrastructure provided by international partners, required to