134 STAT. 3626           PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(C) member work assignments and careers; and
(D) the health of members and their families, including short-term and long-term health effects and effects on mental health.

(8) Age-appropriate training and education programs for students attending schools operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity that are designed to assist such students in learning positive relationship behaviors in families and with intimate partners.
(9) The potential effects of requiring military protective orders to be issued by a military judge, including whether such a requirement would increase the enforcement of military protective orders by civilian law enforcement agencies outside the boundaries of military installations.
(10) Whether prevention of domestic violence would be enhanced by raising the disposition authority for offenses of domestic violence to an officer who is—
(A) in grade 0-6 or above;
(B) in the chain of command of the accused; and
(C) authorized by chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (The Uniform Code of Military Justice), to convene special courts martial.
(11) Means of improving access to resources for survivors of domestic violence throughout the stages of military service.
(12) Any other matters the Secretary specifies in the contract or agreement with respect to—
(A) decreasing the frequency of domestic violence committed by or upon members of the covered Armed Forces and their dependents; and
(B) reducing the severity of such violence.

(e) ACCESS TO INFORMATION AND FACILITIES.—The Secretary shall provide the entity with which the Secretary contracts or enters into an agreement pursuant to subsection (a) such access to information and facilities of the Department of Defense as the Secretary and the entity jointly consider appropriate for the analysis and development of recommendations required by the contract.
(d) REPORT TO SECRETARY OF DEFENSE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The contract or agreement pursuant to subsection (a) shall require the entity with which the Secretary contracts or enters into agreement to submit to the Secretary a report on the analysis conducted and recommendations developed by the entity under the contract or agreement not later than one year after the date of entry into the contract or agreement.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A comprehensive description of the analysis conducted by the entity concerned under the contract or agreement.
(B) A list of the recommendations developed by the entity, including, for each such recommendation, a justification for such recommendation.

List.

(C) Such other matters as the Secretary shall specify in the contract or agreement.
(e) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after receipt of the report required pursuant to subsection (d), the Secretary