134 STAT. 4416         PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

        “(3) PARTICIPATES IN A NONCONTIGUOUS TRADE DEFINED.— In this subsection the term ‘participates in a noncontiguous domestic trade’ means directly or indirectly owns, charters, or operates a vessel engaged in transportation of cargo between a point in the contiguous 48 States and a point in Alaska, Hawaii, or Puerto Rico, other than a point in Alaska north of the Arctic Circle.

            Contracts.  
            46 USC 53407.  
            Coordination.

        “§ 53407. National security requirements

        “(a) EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AGREEMENT REQUIRED.—The Secretary of Transportation, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall establish an emergency preparedness program under this section under which the program participant for an operating agreement under this chapter shall agree, as a condition of the operating agreement, to enter into an emergency preparedness agreement with the Secretary. The Secretary shall negotiate and enter into an Emergency Preparedness Agreement with each program participant as promptly as practicable after the program participant has entered into the operating agreement.

        “(b) TERMS OF AGREEMENT.—The terms of an agreement under this section—

        “(1) shall provide that upon request by the Secretary of Defense during time of war or national emergency, or whenever determined by the Secretary of Defense to be necessary for national security or contingency operation (as that term is defined in section 101 of title 10), the program participant shall make available commercial transportation resources (including services) described in subsection (d) to the Secretary of Defense;

        “(2) shall include such additional terms as may be established by the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Defense; and

        “(3) shall allow for the modification or addition of terms upon agreement by the Secretary of Transportation and the program participant and the approval by the Secretary of Defense.

        “(c) PARTICIPATION AFTER EXPIRATION OF OPERATING AGREEMENT.—Except as provided by section 53406, the Secretary of Transportation may not require, through an emergency preparedness agreement or an operating agreement, that a program participant covered by an operating agreement continue to participate in an emergency preparedness agreement after the operating agreement has expired according to its terms or is otherwise no longer in effect. After the expiration of an emergency preparedness agreement, a program participant may voluntarily continue to participate in the agreement.

        “(d) RESOURCES MADE AVAILABLE.—The commercial transportation resources to be made available under an emergency preparedness agreement shall include vessels or capacity in vessels, terminal facilities, management services, and other related services, or any agreed portion of such nonvessel resources for activation as the Secretary of Defense may determine to be necessary, seeking to minimize disruption of the program participant’s service to commercial customers.

        “(e) COMPENSATION.—

        “(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Transportation shall include in each Emergency Preparedness Agreement provisions