134 STAT. 4806                 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                            ‘‘(7) facilitating Federal programs to advance cybersecurity 
Coordination.
education, training, and workforce development;
                                ‘‘(8) in coordination with the Department of Defense, the 
Department of Homeland Security, and other appropriate agen-
cies, considering any specific needs of the cybersecurity 
workforce of critical infrastructure, including cyber physical 
systems and control systems;
                                ‘‘(9) advising the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget, as needed, in developing metrics to measure the 
effectiveness and effect of programs and initiatives to advance 
the cybersecurity workforce; and’’.
                    (2) STRATEGIC PLAN.—Subsection (c) of such section is 
15 USC 7451 
note.
             amended—
                                (1) by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and inserting the following:
                                ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director’’; and
                                (2) by adding at the end the following:
                                ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT.—The strategic plan developed and 
Deadline.
             implemented under paragraph (1) shall include an indication 
             of how the Director will carry out this section.’’.
                (c) CYBERSECURITY CAREER PATHWAYS.—
                                (1) IDENTIFICATION OF MULTIPLE CYBERSECURITY CAREER 
Coordination. PATHWAYS.—In carrying out subsection (a) of such section and 
             not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of 
15 USC 7451
             this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards 
note.
             and Technology shall, in coordination with the Secretary of 
             Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of 
             the Office of Personnel Management, and other relevant 
             appropriate agencies, use a consultative process with other 
             Federal agencies, academia, and industry to identify multiple 
             career pathways for cybersecurity work roles that can be used 
             in the private and public sectors.
                (2) REQUIREMENTS.—The Director shall ensure that the 
             multiple cybersecurity career pathways identified under para-
             graph (1) indicate the knowledge, skills, and abilities, including 
             relevant education, training, internships, apprenticeships, cer-
             tifications, and other experiences, that—
                                (A) align with employers’ cybersecurity skill needs, 
including proficiency level requirements, for its workforce; 
and
                                (B) prepare an individual to be successful in entering 
or advancing in a cybersecurity career.
                                (3) EXCHANGE PROGRAM.—Consistent with requirements 
Coordination.
             under chapter 37 of title 5, United States Code, the Director 
             of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, in 
             coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel 
             Management, may establish a voluntary program for the 
             exchange of employees engaged in one of the cybersecurity 
             work roles identified in the National Initiative for Cybersecurity 
             Education (NICE) Cybersecurity Workforce Framework (NIST 
             Special Publication 800–181), or successor framework, between 
             the National Institute of Standards and Technology and private 
             sector institutions, including nonpublic or commercial 
             businesses, research institutions, or institutions of higher edu-
             cation, as the Director of the National Institute of Standards 
             and Technology considers feasible.
                (d) PROFICIENCY TO PERFORM CYBERSECURITY TASKS.—Not later 
Deadline.
15 USC 7451
             than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the
note.