134 STAT. 3770        PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

	(2) From sources located within the national technology 
and industrial base (as defined in section 2500 of title 10, 
United States Code). 
	(3) From other sources as appropriate. 
(b) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—
	(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall pursue 
the following goals:
		(A) Not later than January 1, 2035, ensuring access 
to secure sources of supply for strategic and critical mate-
rials that will—
			(i) fully meet the demands of the domestic defense 
	industrial base;
			(ii) eliminate the dependence of the United States 
	on potentially vulnerable sources of supply for strategic 
	and critical materials; and 
			(iii) ensure that the Department of Defense is not 
	reliant upon potentially vulnerable sources of supply 
	for the processing or manufacturing of any strategic 
	and critical materials deemed essential to national 
	security by the Secretary of Defense.  
		(B) Provide incentives for the defense industrial base 
to develop robust processing and manufacturing capabilities 
in the United States to refine strategic and critical mate-
rials for Department of Defense purposes.
		(C) Maintain secure sources of supply for strategic 
and critical materials required to maintain key military 
requirements in the event that international supply chains 
are disrupted. 
	(2) METHODS.—The Secretary of Defense shall achieve the 
goals described in paragraph (1) through—
		(A) the development of guidance in consultation with 
appropriate officials of the Department of State, the Joint 
Staff, and the Secretaries of the military departments;
		(B) the continued and expanded use of existing pro-
grams, such as the National Defense Stockpile; 
		(C) the continued use of authorities under title III of 
the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 
et seq.); and 
		(D) other methods, as the Secretary of Defense deems 
appropriate.

10 USC 4811
note.		
			SEC. 849. ANALYSES OF CERTAIN ACTIVITIES FOR ACTION TO ADDRESS 
				SOURCING AND INDUSTRIAL CAPACITY.
	(a) ANALYSIS REQUIRED.—
		(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, acting through 
the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment 
and other appropriate officials, shall review the items under 
subsection (c) to determine and develop appropriate actions, 
consistent with the policies, programs, and activities required 
under chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, chapter 
83 of title 41, United States Code, and the Defense Production 
Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.), including—
			(A) restricting procurement, with appropriate waivers 
for cost, emergency requirements, and non-availability of 
suppliers, including restricting procurement to—
				(i) suppliers in the United States;
