134 STAT. 3446          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

    (c) SECRETARY OF THE MILITARY DEPARTMENT BRIEFINGS ON RESPONSE TO IAMD ASSESSMENT.—
Deadline.    (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days after the submittal of the report required by subsection (b)(4)(B), the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the manner in which the military department under the jurisdiction of such Secretary intends to fulfill the global integrated air and missile defense requirements of the combatant commands in accordance with Department of Defense Directive 5100.01.
Analyses.    (2) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include, for the military department covered by such briefing, the following:
          (A) Analysis of current and planned integrated air and missile defense capabilities to counter the threats characterized and analyzed under subsection (b)(2)(A), including the following:
              (i) Projected timelines and costs for development, 
          procurement, and fielding of planned integrated air 
          and missile defense capabilities.
              (ii) Projected capability gaps and an assessment 
          of associated risk.
              (iii) Opportunities for acceleration or need for 
          incorporation of interim capabilities to address current 
          and projected gaps.
          (B) Analysis of current and planned capacity to meet 
      major contingency plan requirements and ongoing global 
      operations of the combatant commands, including the following:
              (i) Current and planned numbers of integrated 
          air and missile defense systems and formations, including associated munitions.
              (ii) Capacity gaps, and an assessment of associated 
          risk, in addressing combatant command requirements.
              (iii) Operations tempo stress on integrated air and 
          missile defense formations and personnel.
              (iv) Plans to sustain or to increase integrated air 
          and missile defense personnel and formations.
          (C) Assessment of proponency and the distribution of 
      responsibility and authority for policy and program planning, budgeting, and execution within the military department for integrated air and missile defense and counter- unmanned aerial systems, including the following:
              (i) A description of the current proponency structure.
              (ii) An assessment of the adequacy of the current propo- 
          nency structure to facilitate integrated air and 
          missile defense and counter unmanned aerial systems functions for the Department of Defense.
          (D) Assessment of the feasibility and advisability of estab- 
      lishing one or more centers of excellence for integrated air and missile defense, counter unmanned aerial systems, or both for purposes of planning, organizing, and managing the military department and joint force efforts to achieve