PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3603

SEC. 533. ADDITIONAL BASES FOR PROVISION OF ADVICE BY THE DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR THE PREVENTION OF SEXUAL MISCONDUCT.

Section 550B of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1380; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended in subsection (c)(2)—

(1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (E); and
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraphs:
“(C) Efforts among private employers to prevent sexual assault and sexual harassment among their employees.
“(D) Evidence-based studies on the prevention of sexual assault and sexual harassment in the Armed Forces, institutions of higher education, and the private sector.”.

SEC. 534. ADDITIONAL MATTERS FOR 2021 REPORT OF THE DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR THE PREVENTION OF SEXUAL MISCONDUCT.

Section 550B of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1380; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note), as amended by section 533 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end of subsection (d) the following: “The report in 2021 shall also include the following: 

“(1) A description and assessment of the extent and effectiveness of the inclusion by the Armed Forces of sexual assault prevention and response training in leader professional military education (PME), especially in such education for personnel in junior noncommissioned officer grades. 
“(2) An assessment of the feasibility of—
“(A) the screening before entry into military service of recruits who may have been the subject or perpetrator of prior incidents of sexual assault and harassment, including through background checks; and
“(B) the administration of screening tests to recruits to assess recruit views and beliefs on equal opportunity, and whether such views and beliefs are compatible with military service. 
“(3) An assessment of the feasibility of conducting exit interviews of members of the Armed Forces upon their discharge release from the Armed Forces in order to determine whether they experienced or witnessed sexual assault or harassment during military service and did not report it, and an assessment of the feasibility of combining such exit interviews with the Catch a Serial Offender (CATCH) Program of the Department of Defense. 
“(4) An assessment whether the sexual assault reporting databases of the Department are sufficiently anonymized to ensure privacy while still providing military leaders with the information as follows: 
“(A) The approximate length of time the victim and the assailant had been at the duty station at which the sexual assault occurred.
“(B) The percentage of sexual assaults occurring while the victim or assailant were on temporary duty, leave, or otherwise away from their permanent duty station.
