PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3397

Sec. 703. Authority for Secretary of Defense to manage provider type referral and supervision requirements under TRICARE program.
Sec. 704. Expansion of benefits available under TRICARE Extended Care Health Option program.
Sec. 705. Sale of hearing aids for dependents of certain members of the reserve components.
Sec. 706. Pilot program on receipt of non-generic prescription maintenance medications under TRICARE pharmacy benefits program.

Subtitle B—Health Care Administration

Sec. 711. Repeal of administration of TRICARE dental plans through Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program.
Sec. 712. Protection of the Armed Forces from infectious diseases.
Sec. 713. Inclusion of drugs, biological products, and critical medical supplies in national security strategy for national technology and industrial base.
Sec. 714. Contract authority of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.
Sec. 715. Membership of Board of Regents of Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.
Sec. 716. Temporary exemption for Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences from certain Paperwork Reduction Act requirements.
Sec. 717. Modification to limitation on the realignment or reduction of military medical manning end strength.
Sec. 718. Modifications to implementation plan for restructure or realignment of military medical treatment facilities.
Sec. 719. Policy to address prescription opioid safety.
Sec. 720. Addition of burn pit registration and other information to electronic health records of members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 721. Inclusion of information on exposure to open burn pits in postdeployment health reassessments.

Subtitle C—Matters Relating to COVID-19

Sec. 731. COVID-19 Military Health system review panel.
Sec. 732. Translation of health benefit terms and phrases.
Sec. 733. Transitional health benefits for certain members of the National Guard serving under orders in response to the coronavirus (COVID-19).
Sec. 734. Registry of certain TRICARE beneficiaries diagnosed with COVID-19.
Sec. 735. Health assessments of veterans diagnosed with pandemic diseases to determine exposure to open burn pits and toxic airborne chemicals.
Sec. 736. Comptroller General study on delivery of mental health services to members of the Armed Forces during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Subtitle D—Reports and Other Matters

Sec. 741. Modifications to pilot program on civilian and military partnerships to enhance interoperability and medical surge capability and capacity of National Disaster Medical System.
Sec. 742. Report on suicide among members of the Armed Forces and suicide prevention programs and activities of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 743. Extension of authority for Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund.
Sec. 744. Military Health System Clinical Quality Management Program.
Sec. 745. Wounded Warrior Service Dog Program.
Sec. 746. Extramedical maternal health providers demonstration project.
Sec. 747. Briefing on diet and nutrition of members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 748. Audit of medical conditions of residents in privatized military housing.
Sec. 749. Assessment of receipt by civilians of emergency medical treatment at military medical treatment facilities.
Sec. 750. Study on the incidence of cancer diagnosis and mortality among military aviators and aviation support personnel.
Sec. 751. Study on exposure to toxic substances at Karshi-Khanabad Air Base, Uzbekistan.
Sec. 752. Review and report on prevention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces stationed at remote installations outside the contiguous United States.
Sec. 753. Study on medevac helicopters and ambulances at certain military installations.
Sec. 754. Comptroller General study on prenatal and postpartum mental health conditions among members of the Armed Forces and their dependents.
Sec. 755. Report on lapse in TRICARE coverage for members of the National Guard and reserve components.
Sec. 756. Study and report on increasing telehealth services across Armed Forces.