PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 4681

based on each finding and conclusion contained in the report, including recommendations for health service technicians, flight surgeons, physician assistants, dentists, dental hygienists, family advocate services, pharmacists, and administrators, and other recommendations, as appropriate.

SEC. 8261. REPORT ON FAST RESPONSE CUTTERS, OFFSHORE PATROL
COSTS CUTTERS, AND NATIONAL SECURITY CUTTERS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the combination of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and National Security Cutters necessary to carry out Coast Guard missions.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include—
            (1) an updated cost estimate for each type of cutter described in such subsection; and
            (2) a cost estimate for a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility outfitted to manage data in a manner equivalent to the National Security Cutter Sensitive Compartmented Information Facilities.

Subtitle E—Coast Guard Academy Improvement Act

SEC. 8271. SHORT TITLE.
    This subtitle may be cited as the “Coast Guard Academy Improvement Act”.
SEC. 8272. COAST GUARD ACADEMY STUDY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Public Administration not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the this Act under which the National Academy of Public Administration shall—
            (1) conduct an assessment of the cultural competence of the Coast Guard Academy as an organization and of individuals at the Coast Guard Academy to carry out effectively the primary duties of the United States Coast Guard listed in section 102 of title 14, United States Code, when interacting with individuals of different races, ethnicities, genders, religions, sexual orientations, socioeconomic backgrounds, or from different geographic origins; and
           (2) issue recommendations based upon the findings in such assessment.
(b) ASSESSMENT OF CULTURAL COMPETENCE.—
            (1). CULTURAL COMPETENCE OF THE COAST GUARD ACADEMY.—The arrangement described in subsection (a) shall require the National Academy of Public Administration to, not later 1 year after entering into an arrangement with the Secretary under subsection (a), submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and
