134 STAT. 3656			PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(4) Companies that employ telework. 
(b) NEW PARTNERSHIPS.—Upon completion of the evaluation under subsection (a), the Secretary, in consultation with the Department of Labor, shall seek to enter into agreements with entities described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a) that are located near military installations (as that term is defined in section 2687 of title 10, United States Code).
(c) REVIEW; REPORT.—Not later than one year after implementation under subsection (a), the Secretary shall review updates under subsection (a) and publish a report regarding such review on a publicly-accessible website of the Department of Defense. Such report shall include the following:
(1) The results of the evaluation of the MSEP Program, including the implementation plan for any change to partnership criteria.
(2) Data on the new partnerships undertaken as a result of the evaluation, including the type, size, and location of the partner entities.
(3) Data on the utility of the MSEP Program, including—
(A) the number of military spouses who have applied through the MSEP Program;
(B) the average length of time a job is available before being filled or removed from the MSEP Program portal; and
(C) the average number of new jobs posted on the MSEP Program portal each month.

SEC. 588. 24-HOUR CHILD CARE.
(a) 24-HOUR CHILD CARE.—If the Secretary of Defense determines it feasible, pursuant to the study conducted pursuant to subsection (b), the Secretary shall furnish child care to each child of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the Department of Defense while that member or employee works on rotating shifts at a military installation.
(b) FEASIBILITY STUDY; REPORT.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the results of a study, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of this section, on the feasibility of furnishing child care described in subsection (a).
(c) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (b) shall include the following:
(1) The results of the study described in that subsection.
(2) If the Secretary determines that furnishing child care available as described in subsection (a) is feasible, such matters as the Secretary determines appropriate in connection with furnishing such child care, including—
(A) an identification of the installations at which such child care would be beneficial to members of the Armed Forces, civilian employees of the Department, or both;
(B) an identification of any barriers to making such child care available at the installations identified pursuant to subparagraph (A);
(C) an assessment whether the child care needs of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of