PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4411

“(3) VESSELS OWNED AND OPERATED BY A DEFENSE CON­ TRACTOR.—A vessel meets the requirements of this paragraph Applicability.
if—
“(A) during the period of an operating agreement under
this chapter that applies to the vessel, the vessel will
be owned and operated by a person that—
“(i) is eligible to document a vessel under chapter
121 of this title;
“(ii) operates or manages other vessels of the
United States for the Secretary of Defense, or charters
other vessels to the Secretary of Defense;
“(iii) has entered into a special security agreement Contracts.
for the purpose of this paragraph with the Secretary
of Defense;
“(iv) makes the certification described in paragraph
(2)(A)(ii)(III); and Certification.
“(v) in the case of a vessel described in paragraph Contracts.
(2)(B), enters into an agreement referred to in that
paragraph; and
“(B) the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary Notification.
of Defense notify the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation
of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of
the House of Representatives that they concur with the
certification required under subparagraph (A)(iv), and have
reviewed and agree that there are no legal, operational,
or other impediments that would prohibit the program
participant for the vessel from performing its obligations
under an operating agreement under this chapter.
“(4) VESSELS OWNED BY DOCUMENTATION CITIZENS AND
CHARTERED TO SECTION 50501 CITIZENS.—A vessel meets the
requirements of this paragraph if, during the period of an
operating agreement under this chapter, the vessel will be—
“(A) owned by a person who is eligible to document
a vessel under chapter 121 of this title; and
“(B) demise chartered to a person that is a citizen
of the United States under section 50501 of this title.
‘‘(d) REQUEST BY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE.—The Secretary of Waivers.
Defense shall request that the Secretary of Homeland Security Determination.
issue any waiver under section 501 of this title that the Secretary
of Defense determines is necessary for purposes of this chapter.
‘‘(e) VESSEL STANDARDS.—
‘‘(1) CERTIFICATE OF INSPECTION.—A vessel used to provide Determinations.
oceangoing transportation the Secretary of the department in Effective date.
which the Coast Guard is operating determines meets the cri­
teria of subsection (b) but which, on the date of enactment
of this section, is not documented under chapter 121, shall
be eligible for a certificate of inspection if the Secretary of
the department in which the Coast Guard is operating deter­
mines that—
‘‘(A) the vessel is classed by and designed in accordance
with the rules of the American Bureau of Shipping or
another classification society accepted by the Commandant
of the Coast Guard;
‘‘(B) the vessel complies with applicable international Compliance.
agreements and associated guidelines, as determined by Guidelines.