PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021       134 STAT. 4659

(ii) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘(other than the Coast Guard)’’ and inserting ‘‘members of the Armed Forces’’;
(iii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘(other than the Coast Guard)’’;
(B) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’;
(C) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’;
(4) in subsection (e) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Defense and, with regard to the Coast Guard, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’.

SEC. 8225. PAYMENTS INTO FUND.

Section 1466 of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)—
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)—
(i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, with respect to the Coast guard, shall’’; and
(ii) by striking ‘‘each month as the Department of Defense contribution’’ and inserting ‘‘each month the respective pro rata share contribution of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and
(B) in paragraph (2)(B) by striking ‘‘(other than the Coast Guard)’’; and
(C) by striking the flush language following paragraph (2)(B) and inserting the following new subsection:
‘‘(b) Amounts paid into the Fund under this subsection shall be paid from funds available for as appropriate—
(1) the pay of members of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department; or
(2) the Retired Pay appropriation for the Coast Guard.’’;
(2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and
(3) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)—
(A) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘liability of the Fund.’’ and inserting ‘‘liabilities of the Fund for the Department of Defense and the Coast Guard.’’; and
(B) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’ before ‘‘shall promptly’’.

Subtitle C—Access to Child Care for Coast Guard Families

SEC. 8231. REPORT ON CHILD CARE AND SCHOOL-AGE CARE ASSIST- ANCE FOR QUALIFIED FAMILIES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and