134 STAT. 3792          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

    (1) A detailed description of the entities comprising the national security innovation base and how they currently interact.
    (2) Competition and antitrust policy.
    (3) Immigration policy, including the policies germane to the attraction and retention of skilled immigrants.
    (4) Education funding and policy.
    (5) Demand stabilization and social safety net policies.
    (6) The structure and incentives of financial markets and the effects of such on the access of businesses to credit.
    (7) Trade policy, including export control policy and trade remedies.
    (8) The tax code and its effect on investment, including the Federal research and development tax credit.
    (9) Regulatory policy, including with respect to land use, environmental impact, and construction and manufacturing activities.
    (10) Economic and manufacturing infrastructure.
    (11) Intellectual property policy.
    (12) Federally funded investments in the economy, including investments in research and development and advanced manufacturing.
    (13) Federally funded purchases of goods and services.
    (14) Federally funded investments to expand domestic manufacturing capabilities.
    (15) Coordination and collaboration with allies and partners.
    (16) Measures to protect technological advantages over adversaries and to counteract hostile or destabilizing activity by adversaries.
    (17) Other matters as the Secretary of Defense deems appropriate.
(c) ENGAGEMENT WITH CERTAIN ENTITIES.—In conducting the assessment required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall engage through appropriate mechanisms with—
    (1) the Defense Science Board;
    (2) the Defense Innovation Board;
    (3) the Defense Business Board;
    (4) entities representing industry interests; and
    (5) entities representing labor interests.
(d) SUBMISSION OF ASSESSMENT.—Not later than March 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the President, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, the Director of the National Economic Council, and the congressional defense committees the assessment required under subsection (a), together with recommendations and any additional views of the Secretary.

   SEC. 890. IDENTIFICATION OF CERTAIN CONTRACTS RELATING TO CONSTRUCTION OR MAINTENANCE OF A BORDER WALL.
   With respect to contract actions reported to the Federal Procurement Data system established pursuant to section 1122(a)(4) of title 41, United States Code (or any successor system), the Secretary of Defense shall identify any contracts (including any task order contract (as defined in section 2304d of title 10, United States Code) and any modifications to a contract) entered into by the Secretary relating to the construction or maintenance of