134 STAT. 3578            PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Determination.

    “(A) conditionally determine the highest permanent grade of satisfactory service on active duty of the officer, pending completion of the investigation or personnel action, as applicable; and
    “(B) retire the officer in that conditional grade, subject to subsection (e).
    “(3) REDUCTION OR WAIVER OF SERVICE-IN-GRADE REQUIREMENT PROHIBITED FOR GENERAL, FLAG, AND EQUIVALENT OFFICER GRADES.—In conditionally determining the retirement grade of an officer under paragraph (1)(A) or (2)(A) of this subsection to be a grade above the grade of colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, captain in the Navy, or the equivalent grade in the Space Force, the service-in-grade requirement in subsection (b)(1) may not be reduced pursuant to subsection (b)(1) or waived pursuant to subsection (b)(3).
    “(4) PROHIBITION ON DELEGATION.—The authority of the Secretary of a military department under paragraph (1) may not be delegated. The authority of the Secretary of Defense under paragraph (2) may not be delegated.
    “(e) FINAL RETIREMENT GRADE FOLLOWING RESOLUTION OF PENDING INVESTIGATION OR ADVERSE ACTION.—
    “(1) NO CHANGE FROM CONDITIONAL RETIREMENT GRADE.—If the resolution of an investigation or personnel action with respect to an officer who has been retired in a conditional retirement grade pursuant to subsection (d) results in a determination that the conditional retirement grade in which the officer was retired should be changed, the changed retirement grade shall be the final retirement grade of the officer under this section, except that if the final retirement grade provided for an officer pursuant to this paragraph is the grade of lieutenant general or general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, vice admiral or admiral in the Navy, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force, the requirements in subsection (c) shall apply in connection with the retirement of the officer in such final retirement grade.

Applicability.

    “(2) CHANGE FROM CONDITIONAL RETIREMENT GRADE.—If the resolution of an investigation or personnel action with respect to an officer who has been retired in a conditional retirement grade pursuant to subsection (d) results in a determination that the conditional retirement grade in which the officer was retired should be changed, the changed retirement grade shall be the final retirement grade of the officer under this section, except that if the final retirement grade provided for an officer pursuant to this paragraph is the grade of lieutenant general or general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, vice admiral or admiral in the Navy, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force, the requirements in subsection (c) shall apply in connection with the retirement of the officer in such final retirement grade.

Effective dates.

    “(3) RECALCULATION OF RETIRED PAY.—
    “(A) IN GENERAL.—If the final retired grade of an officer is as a result of a change under paragraph (2), the retired pay of the officer under chapter 71 of this title shall be recalculated accordingly, with any modification of the retired pay of the officer to go into effect as of the date of the retirement of the officer.
    “(B) PAYMENT OF HIGHER AMOUNT FOR PERIOD OF CONDITIONAL RETIREMENT GRADE.—If the recalculation of the retired pay of an officer results in an increase in such increased retired pay exceeded the amount of retired pay paid the officer for retirement in the officer’s conditional grade during the period beginning on the date of