134 STAT. 4596

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(b) CLASSIFIED ANNEX.—Each report submitted under subsection (a) may include a classified annex.
(c) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term “appropriate committees of Congress” means—
(1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate;
(2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate;
(3) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and
(4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives.
SEC. 6312. RETURN OF PROFITS AND BONUSES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 5322 of title 31, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the following:
“(e) A person convicted of violating a provision of (or rule issued under) the Bank Secrecy Act, as defined in section 6003 of the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, shall—
“(1) in addition to any other fine under this section, be fined in an amount that is equal to the profit gained by such person by reason of such violation, as determined by the court; and
“(2) if the person is an individual who was a partner, director, officer, or employee of a financial institution at the time the violation occurred, repay to such financial institution any bonus paid to the individual during the calendar year in which the violation occurred or the calendar year after which the violation occurred.”.
(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—The amendment made by subsection (a) may not be construed to prohibit a financial institution from requiring the repayment of a bonus paid to a partner, director, officer, or employee if the financial institution determines that the partner, director, officer, or employee engaged in unethical, but non-criminal, activities.

SEC. 6313. PROHIBITION ON CONCEALMENT OF THE SOURCE OF ASSETS IN MONETARY TRANSACTIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by sections 6306(a)(1) and 6307(a) of this division, is amended by adding at the end the following:

“§ 5335. Prohibition on concealment of the source of assets in monetary transactions
“(a) DEFINITION OF MONETARY TRANSACTION.—In this section, the term ‘monetary transaction’—
“(1) means the deposit, withdrawal, transfer, or exchange, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, of funds or a monetary instrument (as defined in section 1956(c)(5) of title 18) by, through, or to a financial institution (as defined in section 1956(c)(6) of title 18);
“(2) includes any transaction that would be a financial transaction under section 1956(c)(4)(B) of title 18; and
“(3) does not include any transaction necessary to preserve the right to representation of a person as guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.
“(b) PROHIBITION.—No person shall knowingly conceal, falsify, or misrepresent, or attempt to conceal, falsify, or misrepresent, from or to a financial institution, a material fact concerning the