134 STAT. 4678          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Recommendations.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date
    of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the
    United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce,
    Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee
    on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
    resentatives a report setting forth the results of a comprehen-
    sive review, conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes
    of the report, on the Coast Guard Command, Control, Commu-
    nications, Computers, Cyber, and Intelligence Service Center,
    including the findings, and any recommendations for improve-
    ment of the program, of the Comptroller General.

Analyses.
(2) REQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—The review required
    under paragraph (1) shall include—
        (A) analysis of how the Coast Guard manages its
                information technology program, including information
                technology acquisitions, to meet its various mission needs
                and reporting requirements;
        (B) analysis of the adequacy of the physical information
                technology infrastructure within Coast Guard districts,
                including network infrastructure, for meeting mission
                needs and reporting requirements;
        (C) analysis of whether and, if so, how the Coast
                Guard—
            (i) identifies and satisfies any knowledge and skill
                requirements; and
            (ii) recruits, trains, and develops its information
                technology personnel;
        (D) analysis of whether and, if so, how the Coast Guard
                separates information technology from operational tech-
                nology for cybersecurity purposes;
        (E) analysis of how the Coast Guard intends to update
                its Marine Information for Safety and Law Enforcement
                system, personnel, accounting and other databases, and
                implement an electronic health records system;
        (F) analysis of the goals and acquisition strategies
                for all proposed Coast Guard enterprise-wide cloud com-
                puting service procurements.

Strategies.
(b) REVIEW ON CLOUD COMPUTING.—Not later than 180 days
    after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall
    submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
    of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce,
    Science, and Transportation of the Senate a detailed description
    of the Coast Guard’s strategy to implement cloud computing for
    the entire Coast Guard, including—
        (1) the goals and acquisition strategies for all proposed
                enterprise-wide cloud computing service procurements;
        (2) a strategy to sustain competition and innovation
                throughout the period of performance of each contract for
                procurement of cloud-computing goods and services for the
                Coast Guard, including defining opportunities for multiple
                cloud-service providers and insertion of new technologies;

Assessment.
        (3) an assessment of potential threats and security
                vulnerabilities of the strategy, and plans to mitigate such risks;
                and

Cost estimate.
Timeline.
        (4)    an estimate of the cost and timeline to implement
                cloud computing service for all Coast Guard computing.