PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021  134 STAT. 3945

five or more of the sanctions described in section 235 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9529) with respect to each person that knowingly engaged in the acquisition of the S-400 air defense system referred to in subsection (b).
(d) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF GOODS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the authorities and requirements to impose sanctions under this section shall not include the authority or a requirement to impose sanctions on the importation of goods.
(2) GOOD DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘good’’ means any article, natural or man-made substance, material, supply or manufactured product, including inspection and test equipment, and excluding technical data.
(e) TERMINATION.—On and after the date that is one year after the date on which the President imposes sanctions under subsection (c) with respect to a person, the President may terminate the application of such sanctions with respect to that person if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that—
(1) the Government of Turkey and any person acting on its behalf no longer possesses the S–400 air defense system or a successor system;
(2) no S–400 air defense system or successor system is operated or maintained inside Turkey by nationals of the Russian Federation or persons acting on behalf of the Government of the Russian Federation or the defense sector of the Russian Federation; and
(3) the President has received reliable assurances from the Government of Turkey that the Government of Turkey will not knowingly engage, or allow any foreign person to engage on its behalf, in purchasing any activity subject to sanctions under section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9525) to reacquire the S– 400 air defense system or a successor system.
(f) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means—
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives.

SEC. 1242. CLARIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF SANCTIONS RELATING TO CONSTRUCTION OF NORD STREAM 2 OR TURKSTREAM PIPELINE PROJECTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (a)(1) of section 7503 of the Protecting Europe’s Energy Security Act of 2019 (title LXXV of Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 2300; 22 U.S.C. 9526 note) is amended—
(1) in subparagraph (A)—
(A) by inserting ‘‘or pipe-laying activities’’ after ‘‘pipe- laying’’; and
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon;
(2) in subparagraph (B)—
(A) in clause (i)—
(i) by inserting ‘‘, or facilitated selling, leasing, or providing,’’ after ‘‘provided’’; and