PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021


(E) such other matters as the Secretary determines appropriate; and
(c) ASSESSMENTS AND PROJECTIONS.—In preparing the update as required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider—

(1) climate projections from the Global Change Research Office, National Climate Assessment, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and other Federal agencies; and
(2) data on, and analysis of, the national security effects of climate prepared by the Climate Security Advisory Council of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence established pursuant to section 120 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3060) and by other elements of the intelligence community.
(d) FORM.—The update to the adaptation roadmap required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. If the Secretary determines that the inclusion of a classified annex is necessary, the Secretary shall conduct an in-person briefing for Members of the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives by not later than 90 days after the date of the submission of the update.

SEC. 328. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORT ON GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS LEVELS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives and to the Comptroller General a report on the total level of greenhouse gas emissions for each of the last 10 fiscal years. Such emissions levels shall include the agencywide total, breakdowns by military department, and delineations between installation and operational emissions.
(b) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.

SEC. 329. OBJECTIVES, PERFORMANCE STANDARDS, AND CRITERIA FOR USE OF WILDLIFE CONSERVATION BANKING PROGRAMS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—To ensure opportunities for Department of Defense participation in wildlife conservation banking programs pursuant to section 2694c of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, shall issue regulations of general applicability establishing objectives, measurable performance standards, and criteria for use, consistent with the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), for mitigation banking offsetting effects on a species, or habitat of such species, that is endangered, threatened, a candidate for listing, or otherwise at risk under such Act. To the maximum extent practicable, the regulatory standards and criteria shall maximize available credits and opportunities for mitigation, provide flexibility for characteristics of various species, and apply equivalent standards and criteria to all mitigation banks.
(b) DEADLINE FOR REGULATIONS.—The Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, shall publish an advance notice of proposed rulemaking for the regulations required by subsection (a) by not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act.