PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4621

"(f) NO BEARER SHARE CORPORATIONS OR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES.—A corporation, limited liability company, or other similar entity formed under the laws of a State or Indian Tribe may not issue a certificate in bearer form evidencing either a whole or fractional interest in the entity.

"(g) REGULATIONS.—In promulgating regulations carrying out this section, the Director shall reach out to members of the small business community and other appropriate parties to ensure efficiency and effectiveness of the process for the entities subject to the requirements of this section.

"(h) PENALTIES.—
"(1) REPORTING VIOLATIONS.—It shall be unlawful for any person to—

"(A) willfully provide, or attempt to provide, false or fraudulent beneficial ownership information, including a false or fraudulent identifying photograph or document, to FinCEN in accordance with subsection (b); or

"(B) willfully fail to report complete or updated beneficial ownership information to FinCEN in accordance with subsection (b).

"(2) UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR USE.—Except as authorized by this section, it shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly disclose or knowingly use the beneficial ownership information obtained by the person through—

"(A) a report submitted to FinCEN under subsection (b); or 

"(B) a disclosure made by FinCEN under subsection (c).

"(3) CRIMINAL AND CIVIL PENALTIES.—

"(A) REPORTING VIOLATIONS.—Any person that violates subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1)—

"(i) shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $500 for each day that the violation continues or has not been remedied; and Time period.
"(ii) may be fined not more than $10,000, imprisoned for not more than 2 years, or both. Time period.

"(B) UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR USE VIOLATIONS.—Any person that violates paragraph (2)—

"(i) shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $500 for each day that the violation continues or has not been remedied; and 

"(ii)(I) shall be fined not more than $250,000, or imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both; or 
"(II) while violating another law of the United States or as part of a pattern of any illegal activity involving more than $100,000 in a 12-month period, shall be fined not more than $500,000, imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or both. Time periods.

(C) SAFE HARBOR.—
"(i) SAFE HARBOR.—
"(I) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subclause (II), a person shall not be subject to civil or criminal penalty under subparagraph (A) if the person—

"(aa) has reason to believe that any report submitted by the person in accordance with