134 STAT. 3508             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                (1) IN GENERAL.—The Under Secretary of Defense for
Acquisition and Sustainment shall conduct a study to determine 
the underlying causes of physiological episodes affecting crew-
members of F–35 aircraft.
                (2) ELEMENTS.—The study under subsection (a) shall 
include—
                       (A) an examination of each physiological episode 
reported by a crewmember of an F–35 aircraft as of the 
date of the enactment of this Act;
                       (B) a determination as to the underlying cause of the 
episode; and
                       (C) an examination of—
                              (i) any long-term effects, including potential long-
term effects, of the episode; and
                              (ii) any additional care an affected crewmember 
may need.
                (3) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report that includes—
                       (A) the results the study conducted under subsection 
(a), including a description of each physiological episode 
examined under the study and an explanation of the under-
lying cause of the episode;
                       (B) a description of any actions that may be taken 
to address the underlying causes of such episodes, including 
any resources that may be required to carry out such 
actions; and
                       (C) any other findings and recommendations of the 
study.
        (b) ANNUAL REPORTS ON MITIGATION EFFORTS.—The Secretary 
of Defense, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall include with the annual 
report required by section 224(d) of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2059), 
a detailed description of—
                (1) the efforts of the Department of Defense to address 
physiological episodes affecting crewmembers of F–35 aircraft; 
and
                (2) the funding allocated for such efforts.
   SEC. 281. REVIEW AND REPORT ON NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMI-
                      NANCE CAPABILITIES.
        (a) REVIEWS.—
                (1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of Cost Assessment and 
Program Evaluation shall conduct—
                       (A) a non-advocate review of the next generation air 
dominance initiative of the Air Force;
                       (B) a non-advocate review of the next generation air 
dominance initiative of the Navy; and
                       (C) a non-advocate review of the business case analysis 
developed by the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics regarding the Digital 
Century Series Aircraft acquisition strategy of the Air 
Force.
                (2) ELEMENTS.—(A) The reviews under paragraphs (1)(A) 
and (1)(B) shall include an assessment of—