PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4733

(e) TERMINATION OF THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE.—Not later than 8 years after the submission of the report described in subsection (d), the Secretary of Transportation shall dissolve the Advisory Committee.

(f) INTERNATIONAL ENGAGEMENT.—If a Special Representative for the Arctic Region is appointed by the Secretary of State, the duties of that Representative shall include—
(1) coordination of any activities recommended by the implementation plan submitted by the Advisory Committee and approved by the Secretary of Transportation; and
(2) facilitation of multilateral dialogues with member and observer nations of the Arctic Council to encourage cooperation on Arctic maritime transportation.

(g) TRIBAL CONSULTATION.—In implementing any of the recommendations provided under subsection (c)(3)(C), the Secretary of Transportation shall consult with Alaska Native tribes.

Subtitle D—Other Matters

SEC. 8431. PLAN FOR WING-IN-GROUND DEMONSTRATION PLAN.

(a) IN GENERAL.—(1) The Commandant, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with regard to any regulatory or safety matter regarding airspace, air space authorization, or aviation, shall develop plans for a demonstration program that will determine whether wing-in-ground craft, as such term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code, that is capable of carrying at least one individual, can—
(A) provide transportation in areas in which energy exploration, development or production activity takes place on the Outer Continental Shelf; and
(B) under the craft’s own power, safely reach helidecks or platforms located on offshore energy facilities.
(2) REQUIREMENTS.—The plans required under paragraph (1) shall—
(A) examine and explain any safety issues with regard to the operation of the such craft as a vessel, or as an aircraft, or both;
(B) include a timeline and technical milestones for the implementation of such a demonstration program;
(C) outline resource requirements needed to undertake such a demonstration program;
(D) describe specific operational circumstances under which the craft may be used, including distance from United States land, altitude, number of individuals, amount of cargo, and speed and weight of vessel;
(E) describe the operations under which Federal Aviation Administration statutes, regulations, circulars, or orders apply; and
(F) describe the certifications, permits, or authorizations required to perform any operations.

(b) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant, along with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with regard to any regulatory or safety matter regarding airspace, air space authorization,