PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 4683

(B) Modify institutional structures, practices, and policies to foster a more diverse cadet corps body, faculty, and staff workforce based on race, ethnicity, gender, religion, sexual orientation, socioeconomic background, and geographic origin.

(C) Modify existing or establish new policies and safeguards to foster the retention of cadets, faculty, and staff of different races, ethnicities, genders, religions, sexual orientations, socioeconomic backgrounds, and geographic origins at the Coast Guard Academy.

(D) Restructure the admissions office of the Coast Guard Academy to be headed by a civilian with significant relevant higher education recruitment experience.

(3) IMPLEMENTATION.—Unless otherwise directed by an Act of Congress, the Commandant shall begin implementation of the plan developed under this subsection not later than 180 days after the submission of such plan to Congress. Deadline.

(4) UPDATE.—The Commandant shall include in the annual report required under chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division, submitted after the date of enactment of this section, the strategy with milestones required in paragraph (2) and shall report annually thereafter on actions taken and progress made in the implementation of such plan. Reports.

SEC. 8273. ANNUAL REPORT.

Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following:

“§ 5111. Report on diversity at Coast Guard Academy

‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 15, 2021, and annually thereafter, the Commandant shall submit a report on diversity at the Coast Guard Academy to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate.

‘‘(b) CONTENTS.—The report required under subsection (a) shall include—

‘‘(1) the status of the implementation of the plan required under section 8272 of the Elijah E. Cummings Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2020;

‘‘(2) specific information on outreach and recruitment activities for the preceding year, including the effectiveness of the Coast Guard Academy minority outreach team program described under section 1905 and of outreach and recruitment activities in the territories and other possessions of the United States;

‘‘(3) enrollment information about the incoming class, including the gender, race, ethnicity, religion, socioeconomic background, and State of residence of Coast Guard Academy cadets;

‘‘(4) information on class retention, outcomes, and graduation rates, including the race, gender, ethnicity, religion, socioeconomic background, and State of residence of Coast Guard Academy cadets;