PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 
134 STAT. 4857

(E) The Secretary of State. 
(F) The Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(G) The United States Trade Representative. 
(H) The Director of National Intelligence. 
(I) The heads of such other departments and agencies of the Federal Government as the President determines appropriate. 
(3) DUTIES.—The duties of the Subcommittee are as follows: 
(A) NATIONAL STRATEGY ON MICROELECTRONICS RESEARCH.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—In consultation with the advisory committee established in (b), and other appropriate stakeholders in the microelectronics industry and academia, the Subcommittee shall develop a national strategy on microelectronics research, development, manufacturing, and supply chain security to— 
(I) accelerate the domestic development and production of microelectronics and strengthen the domestic microelectronics workforce; and 
(II) ensure that the United States is a global leader in the field of microelectronics research and development. 
(ii) ELEMENTS.—The strategy developed under this subparagraph shall address— 
(I) activities that may be carried out to strengthen engagement and outreach between the Department of Defense and other Federal departments and agencies and international partners of the United States, and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government on issues relating to microelectronics; 
(II) priorities for research and development to accelerate the advancement and adoption of innovative microelectronics and new uses of microelectronics and components; 
(III) the role of diplomacy and trade in maintaining the position of the United States as a global leader in the field of microelectronics; 
(IV) the potential role of a Federal laboratory, center, or incubator exclusively focused on the research and development of microelectronics, as described in section 231(b)(15) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (as added by section 276 of this Act) in carrying out the strategy and plan required under this subparagraph; and 
(V) such other activities as the Subcommittee determines may be appropriate to overcome future challenges to the innovation, competitiveness, and supply chain integrity of the United States in the field of microelectronics. 
(B) FOSTERING COORDINATION OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.—The Subcommittee shall coordinate micro- electronics related research, development, manufacturing, and supply chain security activities and budgets of Federal agencies and ensure such activities are consistent with the strategy required under subparagraph (A). 
(C) REPORTING AND UPDATES.—