PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3561

Sec. 575. Information on nominations and applications for military service academies.
Sec. 576. Report on potential improvements to certain military educational institutions of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 577. College of International Security Affairs of the National Defense University.
Sec. 578. Improvements to the Credentialing Opportunities On-Line programs of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 579. GAO study regarding transferability of military certifications to civilian occupational licenses and certifications.
Sec. 579A. Report regarding county, Tribal, and local veterans service officers.

Subtitle L—Military Family Readiness and Dependents' Education
Sec. 581. Family readiness: definitions; communication strategy; review; report.
Sec. 582. Improvements to Exceptional Family Member Program.
Sec. 583. Support services for members of special operations forces and immediate family members.
Sec. 584. Responsibility for allocation of certain funds for military child development programs.
Sec. 585. Military child care and child development center matters.
Sec. 586. Expansion of financial assistance under My Career Advancement Account program.
Sec. 587. Improvements to partner criteria of the Military Spouse Employment Partnership Program.
Sec. 588. 24-hour child care.
Sec. 589. Pilot program to provide financial assistance to members of the Armed Forces for in-home child care.
Sec. 589A. Certain assistance to local educational agencies that benefit dependents of military and civilian personnel.
Sec. 589B. Staffing of Department of Defense Education Activity schools to maintain minimum student-to-teacher ratios.
Sec. 589C. Pilot program to expand eligibility for enrollment at domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools.
Sec. 589D. Pilot program on expanded eligibility for Department of Defense Education Activity Virtual High School program.
Sec. 589E. Training program regarding foreign malign influence campaigns.
Sec. 589F. Study on overexploitation and online deception of members of the Armed Forces and their families.
Sec. 589G. Matters relating to education for military dependent students with special needs.
Sec. 589H. Studies and reports on the performance of the Department of Defense Education Activity.

Subtitle J—Other Matters and Reports

Sec. 591. Expansion of Department of Defense STARBASE Program.
Sec. 592. Inclusion of certain outlying areas in the Department of Defense STARBASE Program.
Sec. 593. Postponement of conditional designation of Explosive Ordnance Disposal Corps as a basic branch of the Army.
Sec. 594. Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery Test special purpose adjunct to address computational thinking.
Sec. 595. Extension of reporting deadline for the annual report on the assessment of the effectiveness of activities of the Federal Voting Assistance Program.
Sec. 596. Plan on performance of funeral honors details by members of other Armed Forces when members of the Armed Force of the deceased are unavailable.
Sec. 597. Study on financial impacts of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 on members of the Armed Forces and best practices to prevent future financial hardships.
Sec. 598. Limitation on implementation of Army Combat Fitness Test.
Sec. 599. Semiannual reports on implementation of recommendations of the Comprehensive Review of Special Operations Forces Culture and Ethics.
Sec. 599A. Report on impact of children of certain Filipino World War II veterans on national security, foreign policy, and economic and humanitarian interests of the United States.