PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3771

(ii) suppliers in the national technology and industrial base (as defined in section 2500 of title 10, United States Code);
(iii) suppliers in other allied nations; or
(iv) other suppliers;
(B) increasing investment through use of research and development or procurement activities and acquisition authorities to—
(i) expand production capacity;
(ii) diversify sources of supply; or
(iii) promote alternative approaches for addressing military requirements;
(C) prohibiting procurement from selected sources or nations;
(D) taking a combination of actions described under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C); or
(E) taking no action.
(2) CONSIDERATIONS.—The analyses conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall consider national security, economic, and treaty implications, as well as impacts on current and potential suppliers of goods and services.
(b) REPORTING ON ANALYSES, RECOMMENDATIONS, AND ACTIONS.—
(1) INTERIM BRIEF.—Not later than January 15, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees—
(A) a summary of the findings of the analyses undertaken for each item pursuant to subsection (a);
(B) relevant recommendations resulting from the analyses; and
(C) descriptions of specific activities undertaken as a result of the analyses, including schedule and resources allocated for any planned actions.
(2) REPORTING.—The Secretary of Defense shall include the analyses conducted under subsection (a), and any relevant recommendations and descriptions of activities resulting from such analyses, as appropriate, in each of the following submitted during the 2022 calendar year:
(A) The annual report to Congress required under section 2504 of title 10, United States Code.
(B) The annual report on unfunded priorities of the national technology and industrial base required under section 2504a of such title.
(C) Department of Defense technology and industrial base policy guidance prescribed under section 2506 of such title.
(D) Activities to modernize acquisition processes to ensure integrity of industrial base pursuant to section 2509 of such title.
(E) Defense memoranda of understanding and related agreements considered in accordance with section 2531 of such title.
(F) Industrial base or acquisition policy changes.
(G) Legislative proposals for changes to relevant statutes which the Department shall consider, develop, and submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives.