134 STAT. 4588          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                         ‘‘§ 5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open directives
31 USC 5333.
Notification.
                        ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—With respect to a customer account or cus-
                tomer transaction of a financial institution, if a Federal law enforce-
                ment agency, after notifying FinCEN of the intent to submit a
                written request to the financial institution that the financial institu-
                tion keep that account or transaction open (referred to in this
                section as a ‘keep open request’), or if a State, Tribal, or local
                law enforcement agency with the concurrence of FinCEN submits
                a keep open request—
                 ‘‘(1) the financial institution shall not be liable under this
                         subchapter for maintaining that account or transaction con-
                         sistent with the parameters and timing of the request; and
                 ‘‘(2) no Federal or State department or agency may take
                         any adverse supervisory action under this subchapter with
                         respect to the financial institution solely for maintaining that
                         account or transaction consistent with the parameters of the
                         request.
                          ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section may
                be construed—
                 ‘‘(1) to prevent a Federal or State department or agency
                          from verifying the validity of a keep open request submitted
                          under subsection (a) with the law enforcement agency submit-
                          ting that request;
                 ‘‘(2) to relieve a financial institution from complying with
                          any reporting requirements or any other provisions of this
                          subchapter, including the reporting of suspicious transactions
                          under section 5318(g); or
                 ‘‘(3) to extend the safe harbor described in subsection (a)
                          to any actions taken by the financial institution—
                           ‘‘(A) before the date of the keep open request to main-
                                  tain a customer account; or
                            ‘‘(B) after the termination date stated in the keep open
                                  request.
Deadline.
                           ‘‘(c) LETTER TERMINATION DATE.—For the purposes of this sec-
                 tion, any keep open request submitted under subsection (a) shall
                 include a termination date after which that request shall no longer
                 apply.
                           ‘‘(d) RECORD KEEPING.—Any Federal, State, Tribal, or local
                  law enforcement agency that submits to a financial institution
                  a keep open request shall, not later than 2 business days after
                  the date on which the request is submitted to the financial institu-
                  tion—
                  ‘‘(1) submit to FinCEN a copy of the request; and
                  ‘‘(2) alert FinCEN as to whether the financial institution
                              has implemented the request.
Consultation.
                           ‘‘(e) GUIDANCE.—The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation
                  with the Attorney General and Federal, State, Tribal, and local
                  law enforcement agencies, shall issue guidance on the required
                  elements of a keep open request.’’.
                           (2) AMENDMENT TO PUBLIC LAW 91–508.—Chapter 2 of title
                I of Public Law 91–508 (12 U.S.C. 1951 et seq.) is amended
                by adding at the end the following:
12 USC 1960.
Applicability.
                       ‘‘§ 130. Safe harbor with respect to keep open directives
                        ‘‘(a) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term ‘financial institution’
            means an entity to which section 123(b) applies.