134 STAT. 4846          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                             (E) determined by the Secretary, in consultation with 
                    the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intel-
                    ligence, to be engaged in unauthorized conduct that is 
                    detrimental to the national security or foreign policy of 
                    the United States under this Act.
               (7) The term ‘‘governmental entity’’ means a State or local 
          government.
               (8) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce.
               (9) The term ‘‘semiconductor’’ has the meaning given that 
          term by the Secretary.

15 USC 4652.          SEC. 9902. SEMICONDUCTOR INCENTIVES.
               (a) FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM.—
                    (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall establish in the 
          Department of Commerce a program that, in accordance with 
          the requirements of this section and subject to the availability 
          of appropriations for such purposes, provides Federal financial 
          assistance to covered entities to incentivize investment in facili-
          ties and equipment in the United States for semiconductor 
          fabrication, assembly, testing, advanced packaging, or research 
          and development.
                    (2) PROCEDURE.—
                         (A) IN GENERAL.—A covered entity shall submit to the 
          Secretary an application that describes the project for 
          which the covered entity is seeking financial assistance 
          under this section.
                         (B) ELIGIBILITY.—In order for a covered entity to 
          qualify for financial assistance under this section, the cov-
          ered entity shall demonstrate to the Secretary, in the 
          application submitted by the covered entity under subpara-
          graph (A), that—
                                   (i) the covered entity has a documented interest 
          in constructing, expanding, or modernizing a facility 
          described in paragraph (1); and
                                   (ii) with respect to the project described in clause 
          (i), the covered entity has—
                                        (I) been offered a covered incentive;
                                        (II) made commitments to worker and commu-
          nity investment, including through—
                                                  (aa) training and education benefits paid 
          by the covered entity; and
                                                  (bb) programs to expand employment 
          opportunity for economically disadvantaged 
          individuals; and
                                        (III) secured commitments from regional edu-
          cational and training entities and institutions of 
          higher education to provide workforce training, 
          including programming for training and job place-
          ment of economically disadvantaged individuals; 
          and
                                        (IV) an executable plan to sustain the facility 
          described in clause (i) without additional Federal 
          financial assistance under this subsection for 
          facility support.
                         (C) CONSIDERATIONS FOR REVIEW.—With respect to the 
          review by the Secretary of an application submitted by 
          a covered entity under subparagraph (A)—