134 STAT. 4566          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

patterns and threats in money laundering and the financing of terrorism, including national and regional trends, patterns, and threats relevant to the classes of financial institutions that the Attorney General determines appropriate.
    (d) USE OF REPORT INFORMATION.—The Secretary shall use the information reported under subsections (a), (b), and (c)—
        (1) to help assess the usefulness of reporting under the
Assessment.      Bank Secrecy Act to—
            (A) criminal and civil law enforcement agencies;
            (B) intelligence, defense, and homeland security agencies; and
            (C) Federal functional regulators;
        (2) to enhance feedback and communications with financial institutions and other entities subject to requirements under the Bank Secrecy Act, including by providing more detail in the reports published and distributed under section 314(d) of the USA PATRIOT Act (31 U.S.C. 5311 note);
        (3) to assist FinCEN in considering revisions to the reporting requirements promulgated under section 314(d) of the USA PATRIOT Act (31 U.S.C. 5311 note); and
        (4) for any other purpose the Secretary determines is appropriate.
    (e) CONFIDENTIALITY.—Any information received by a financial institution under this section shall be subject to confidentiality requirements established by the Secretary.

SEC. 6202. ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS FOR SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY 
                    REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
    Section 5318(g) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
        ‘‘(5) CONSIDERATIONS IN IMPOSING REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.—
            ‘‘(A) DEFINITIONS.—In this paragraph, the terms ‘Bank Secrecy Act’, ‘Federal functional regulator’, ‘State bank supervisor’, and ‘State credit union supervisor’ have the meanings given the terms in section 6003 of the Anti- Money Laundering Act of 2020.
Consultation.       ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS.—In imposing any requirement to report any suspicious transaction under this subsection, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General, appropriate representatives of State bank supervisors, State credit union supervisors, and the Federal functional regulators, shall consider items that include—
                ‘‘(i) the national priorities established by the Secretary;
                ‘‘(ii) the purposes described in section 5311; and
                ‘‘(iii) the means by or form in which the Secretary shall receive such reporting, including the burdens imposed by such means or form of reporting on persons required to provide such reporting, the efficiency of the means or form, and the benefits derived by the means or form of reporting by Federal law enforcement agencies and the intelligence community in countering financial crime, including money laundering and the financing of terrorism.