PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4677

or information and resource integration, to the surge capacity of the Coast Guard in response to a catastrophic incident:
(5) review of the impacts of a surge of the Coast Guard in response to a catastrophic incident on the capacity of the Coast Guard to perform its statutory missions;
(6) review of the capability of the Coast Guard to surge in response to concurrent or subsequent catastrophic incidents; and
(7) review and description of existing voluntary and involuntary deployments of Coast Guard personnel and assets in support of a United States Customs and Border Protection response to a national emergency (as defined in Presidential Proclamation 9844) on the surge capacity of the Coast Guard in the event of a catastrophic incident.
(8) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the terms ‘‘catastrophic incident’’ and ‘‘surge capacity’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 602 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 701).

SEC. 8257. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW AND REPORT ON MARINE INSPECTIONS PROGRAM OF COAST GUARD.

(a) GAO REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report setting forth the results of a comprehensive review, conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of the report, on the marine inspections program of the Coast Guard, including the findings, and any recommendations for improvement of the program, of the Comptroller General.

(b) REQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—The review required under subsection (a) shall include—
(1) an analysis of the demand for marine inspectors;
Analysis.
(2) an identification of the number of fully qualified marine inspectors;
(3) a determination of whether the number of marine inspectors identified in paragraph (2) is sufficient to meet the demand described in paragraph (1);
(4) a review of the enlisted marine inspector workforce compared to the civilian marine inspector workforce and whether there is any discernable distinction or impact between such workforces in the performance of the marine safety mis-
sion;
(5) an evaluation of the training continuum of marine inspectors;
Evaluation.
(6) a description and review of what actions, if any, the Coast Guard is taking to adapt to the current rise in United States export of crude oil and other fuels, such as implementing a safety inspection regime for barges; and
(7) an analysis of extending tours of duty for marine inspectors and increasing the number of civilian marine inspectors.
Analysis.

SEC. 8258. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW AND REPORT ON INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM OF COAST GUARD.

(a) GAO REPORT.—