PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 3661

not exceed 400 course enrollments. No single dependent partici- pating in the pilot program may take more than two courses per academic year under the pilot program.
(c) REPORTS.— (1) INTERIM REPORT.—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an interim report on the pilot program. 
(2) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a final report on the pilot programs. 
(3) ELEMENTS.—Each report under this subsection shall include the following: (A) A description of the demographics of the dependents participating in the pilot program through the date of such report. (B) Data on, and an assessment of, student perform- ance in virtual coursework by dependents participat- ing in the pilot program over the duration of the pilot program. (C) Such recommendation as the Secretary considers appropriate on whether to make the pilot program perma- nent. (d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘rural area’’ has the meaning given the term in section 520 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490).
(2) The term ‘‘home-schooled student’’ means a student in a grade equivalent to grade 9 through 12 who receives educational instruction at home or by other non-traditional means outside of a public or private school system, either all or most of the time.

SEC. 589E. TRAINING PROGRAM REGARDING FOREIGN MALIGN INFLU- ENCE CAMPAIGNS. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a program for training members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Depart- ment of Defense regarding the threat of foreign malign influence cam- paigns targeted at such individuals and the families of such individ- uals, including such campaigns carried out through social media. 
(b) DESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL TO COORDINATE AND INTEGRATE.—Not later than 30 days after the date of enact- ment of this Act, the Secretary shall designate an official of the Depart- ment who shall be responsible for coordinating and integrating the training program under this section.
(c) BEST PRACTICES.—In coordinating and integrating the training program under this section, the official designated under subsection (b) shall review best practices of existing training pro- grams across the Department.
(d) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than October 30, 2021, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional defense commit- tees detailing the program established under this section.
(e) FOREIGN MALIGN INFLUENCE DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘foreign malign influence’’ has the meaning given that term in section 119C of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3059).
