134 STAT. 3496

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

and minority institutions of higher education to increase diversity in educational and workforce development programs;
(6) identify potential changes to the program described in subsection (a) that would improve diversity of participants in such program; and
(7) establish metrics to evaluate success of activities under this section.
(c) REPORT.—Not later than September 30, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that evaluates the success of activities conducted by the Secretary in increasing diversity in appropriate programs of the Department of Defense and hiring and retaining diverse individuals in the science, mathematics, and research workforce of the public sector.

SEC. 251. COORDINATION OF SCHOLARSHIP AND EMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT OR DESIGNATION OF ORGANIZATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish or designate an organization within the Department of Defense which shall have primary responsibility for building cohesion and collaboration across the various scholarship and employment programs of the Department.
(b) DUTIES.—The organization established or designated under subsection (a) shall have the following duties:
(1) To establish an interconnected network and database across the scholarship and employment programs of the Department.
(2) To aid in matching scholarships to individuals pursuing courses of study in high demand skill areas.
(3) To build a network of current and former program participants for potential engagement or employment with Department activities.
(c) ANNUAL LISTING.—On an annual basis, the organization established or designated under subsection (a) shall publish, on a publicly accessible website of the Department, a listing of scholarship and employment programs carried out by the Department.

SEC. 252. STUDY ON MECHANISMS FOR ATTRACTING AND RETAINING HIGH QUALITY TALENT IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.
(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into an agreement with an independent academic institution to conduct a study to develop policy options and recommendations for the establishment of a program to attract and retain covered individuals for employment in the Department of Defense.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The study required under subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) An analysis of mechanisms the Department may use to engage public and private sector organizations to assist in the identification and recruitment of covered individuals for employment in the Department of Defense.
(2) Identification of statutory, regulatory, and organizational barriers to the development of the program described in subsection (a).
(3) An analysis of monetary and nonmonetary incentives that may be provided to retain covered individuals in positions in the Department.
(4) An analysis of methods that may be implemented to ensure appropriate vetting of covered individuals.