134 STAT. 4026          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Definitions.
(A) by striking “(4) the terms ‘Board and Chief Execu-
     tive Officer of the Board’ means the Broadcasting Board
     of Governors” and inserting the following:
    “(2) the terms ‘Agency’ and ‘Chief Executive Officer of
     the Agency’ mean the United States Agency for Global Media
     and the Chief Executive Officer of the United States Agency
     for Global Media, respectively”; and
  (B) in paragraph (3)—
    (i) by striking “includes—” and inserting “means
    the corporation having the corporate title described
    in section 308”; and
    (ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B); and
(11) in section 316—
  (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking “Broadcasting
  Board of Governors” and inserting “United States Agency
  for Global Media”; and
  (B) in subsection (c), by striking “Broadcasting Board
  of Governors” and inserting “United States Agency for
  Global Media”.
(f) SAVINGS PROVISIONS.—Section 310 of the United States
International Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6209) is amended
by adding at the end the following new subsections:
  “(f) MAINTENANCE OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION.—No consoli-
  dation of grantees authorized under subsection (a) involving any
  grantee shall result in any legal transfer of ownership of any
  proprietary information or intellectual property to the United States
  Agency for Global Media or any other Federal entity.”
  “(g) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—No consolidation of grantees
  authorized under subsection (a) shall result in the consolidation
  of the Open Technology Fund or any successor entity with any
  other grantee.”.

SEC. 1299R. LEVERAGING INFORMATION ON FOREIGN TRAFFICKERS.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that—
  (1) the annual Trafficking In Persons Report prepared by
  the Department of State pursuant to the Trafficking Victims
  Protection Act of 2000 (the “TIP Report”) remains the most
  comprehensive, timely, and important sources of informa-
  tion on human trafficking in the world, and currently includes
187 individual country narratives;
  (2) in January 2019, the statute mandating the TIP Report
  was amended to require that each report must cover efforts
  and activities occurring within the period from April 1 of the
  prior year through March 31 of the current year, which nec-
  essarily requires the collection and transmission of information
  after March 31;
  (3) ensuring that the Department of State has adequate
  time to receive, analyze, and incorporate trafficking-related
  information into its annual Trafficking In Persons Report is
  important to the quality and comprehensiveness of that report;
  (4) information regarding prevalence and patterns of
  human trafficking is important for understanding the scourge
  of modern slavery and making effective decisions about where
  and how to combat it; and
  (5) United States officials responsible for monitoring and
  combating trafficking in persons around the world should
  receive available information regarding where and how often
