134 STAT. 3876        PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

List.

(d) COLLABORATION.—The First Infantry Division of the Depart­ment of the Army shall collaborate with the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Society of the First Infantry Division the list of names to be added to the First Division Monument in accordance with subsection (a).

(e) FUNDING.—Federal funds may not be used for modifications of the First Division Monument authorized by this section.

SEC. 1084. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING REPORTING OF CIVILIAN CASUALTIES RESULTING FROM UNITED STATES MILI­TARY OPERATIONS.

It is the sense of Congress—
(1) to commend the Department of Defense for the meas­ures it has implemented and is currently implementing to prevent, mitigate, track, investigate, learn from, respond to, and report civilian casualties resulting from United States mili­tary operations;
(2) to agree with the Department that civilian casualties are a tragic and unavoidable part of war, and to recognize that the Department endeavors to conduct all military oper­ations in compliance with the international law of armed con­flict and the laws of the United States, including distinction, proportionality, and the requirement to take feasible pre­cautions in planning and conducting operations to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and other protected persons and objects;
(3) that the protection of civilians and other protected persons and objects, in addition to a legal obligation and a strategic interest, is a moral and ethical imperative;
(4) that the Department has been responsive and submitted to Congress three successive annual reports on civilian casu­alties resulting from United States military operations for cal­endar years 2017, 2018, and 2019, and has proactively updated reports as appropriate;
(5) to commend the United States Africa Command for announcing on March 21, 2020, its intent to issue quarterly reports on the status of ongoing civilian casualty allegations and assessments;
(6) to recognize the efforts of the Department, both in policy and in practice, to reduce the harm to civilians and other protected persons and objects resulting from United States military operations; and
(7) to encourage the Department to make additional progress in—
(A) ensuring that the combatant commands have the requisite personnel and resources to appropriately integrate the observance of human rights and the protection of civilians and civilian objects in the planning and activities of the commands;
(B) finalizing and implementing the policy of the Department relating to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations, as required by section 936 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (10 U.S.C. 134 note);
(C) finalizing Department-wide regulations to imple­ment section 1213 of the National Defense Authorization for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92) for ex gratia