PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) A list of the actions required as of the date of such report to complete full implementation of each of the 16 actions recommended by the Comprehensive Review referred to in subsection (a).
(2) An identification of the office responsible for completing each action listed pursuant to paragraph (1), and an estimated timeline for completion of such action.
(3) If completion of any action listed pursuant to paragraph (1) requires resources or actions for which authorization by statute is required, a recommendation for legislative action for such authorization.
(4) Any other matters the Assistant Secretary or the Commander considers appropriate.

SEC. 599A. REPORT ON IMPACT OF CHILDREN OF CERTAIN FILIPINO WORLD WAR II VETERANS ON NATIONAL SECURITY, FOREIGN POLICY, AND ECONOMIC AND HUMANITARIAN INTERESTS OF THE UNITED STATES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than December 31, 2020, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the impact of the children of certain Filipino World War II veterans on the national security, foreign policy, and economic and humanitarian interests of the United States.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) The number of Filipino World War II veterans who fought under the United States flag during World War II to protect and defend the United States in the Pacific theater.
(2) The number of Filipino World War II veterans who died fighting under the United States flag during World War II to protect and defend the United States in the Pacific theater.
(3) An assessment of the economic and tax contributions that Filipino World War II veterans and their families have made to the United States.
(4) An assessment of the impact on the United States of exempting from the numerical limitations on immigrant visas the children of the Filipino World War II veterans who were naturalized under—

(A) section 405 of the Immigration Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–649; 8 U.S.C. 1440 note); or
(B) title III of the Nationality Act of 1940 (54 Stat. 1137; chapter 876), as added by section 1001 of the Second War Powers Act, 1942 (56 Stat. 182; chapter 199).

TITLE VI—MILITARY COMPENSATION

Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances

Sec. 601. Increase in basic pay.
Sec. 602. Compensation and credit for retired pay purposes for maternity leave taken by members of the reserve components.
Sec. 603. Provision of information regarding SCRA to members who receive basic allowance for housing.
Sec. 604. Reorganization of certain allowances other than travel and transportation allowances.
Sec. 605. Expansion of travel and transportation allowances to include fares and tolls.