134 STAT. 3512                     PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
    Sec. 332. Interagency body on research related to per- and polyfluoroalkyl sub-
                stances.
    Sec. 333. Restriction on Department of Defense procurement of certain items con-
                taining perfluoroalkyl sulfonate or perfluorooctanoic acid.
    Sec. 334. Research and development of alternative to aqueous film-forming foam.
    Sec. 335. Notification to agricultural operations located in areas exposed to Depart-
                ment of Defense PFAS use.
    Sec. 336. Reporting on energy savings performance contracts.
    Sec. 337. Increase in funding for Centers for Disease Control study on health im-
                plications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination in drink-
                ing water.
    Sec. 338. Guaranteeing Equipment Safety for Firefighters Act of 2020.
    Sec. 339. Assessment of Department of Defense excess property programs with re-
                spect to need and wildfire risk.

                         Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment
    Sec. 341. National Defense Sustainment and Logistics Review.
    Sec. 342. Repeal of sunset for minimum annual purchase amount for carriers par-
                ticipating in the Civil Reserve Air Fleet.
    Sec. 343. Additional elements for inclusion in Navy ship depot maintenance budget
                report.
    Sec. 344. Clarification of limitation on length of overseas forward deployment of
                currently deployed naval vessels.
    Sec. 345. Independent advisory panel on weapon system sustainment.
    Sec. 346. Biannual briefings on status of Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization
                Plan.
    Sec. 347. Material readiness metrics and objectives for major weapon systems.
    Sec. 348. Repeal of statutory requirement for notification to Director of Defense Lo-
                gistics Agency three years prior to implementing changes to any uni-
                form or uniform component.

                   Subtitle D—Munitions Safety and Oversight
    Sec. 351. Chair of Department of Defense explosive safety board.
    Sec. 352. Report on Defense Disposal Defense Property Disposal Enterprise.
    Sec. 353. Assessment of resilience of Department of Defense munitions enterprise.
    Sec. 354. Report on safety waivers and mishaps in Department of Defense muni-
                tions enterprise.

                         Subtitle E—Other Matters
    Sec. 361. Pilot program for temporary issuance of maternity-related uniform items.
    Sec. 362. Servicewomen’s Commemorative Partnerships.
    Sec. 363. Defense analysis and budget submission.
    Sec. 364. Update of National Biodefense Implementation Plan.
    Sec. 365. Plans and reports on emergency response training for military installa-
                tions.
    Sec. 366. Inapplicability of congressional notification and dollar limitation require-
                ments for advance billings for certain background investigations.
    Sec. 367. Adjustment in availability of appropriations for unusual cost overruns
                and for changes in scope of work.
    Sec. 368. Requirement that Secretary of Defense implement security and emer-
                gency response recommendations relating to active shooter or terrorist
                attacks on installations of Department of Defense.
    Sec. 369. Clarification of food ingredient requirements for food or beverages pro-
                vided by the Department of Defense.
    Sec. 370. Commission on the naming of items of the Department of Defense that
                commemorate the Confederate States of America or any person who
                served voluntarily with the Confederate States of America.

                         Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations
    SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
        Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year
    2021 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and
    agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise
    provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the
    funding table in section 4301.