PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021  (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4716 the following new item:
‘‘Sec. 4717. Review of adequacy of nuclear weapons budget.’’.

SEC. 1633. MODIFICATION OF GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE REVIEW OF ANNUAL REPORTS ON NUCLEAR WEAPONS ENTERPRISE.
Section 492a(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘review each report’’ and inserting ‘‘periodically review reports submitted’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘submitted,’’.

SEC. 1634. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAMS
OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
(a) STUDY.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on the nuclear weapons programs of covered foreign countries.
(b) MATTERS INCLUDED.—The study under subsection (a) shall compile open-source data to conduct an analysis of the following for each covered foreign country:
(1) The activities, budgets, and policy documents, regarding the nuclear weapons program.
(2) The known research, development, and deployment activities with respect to nuclear weapons.
(3) The inventories of nuclear weapons and delivery vehicles with respect to both deployed and nondeployed weapons.
(4) The capabilities of such nuclear weapons and delivery vehicles.
(5) The physical sites used for nuclear processing, testing, and weapons integration.
(6) The human capital of the scientific and technical workforces involved in nuclear programs, including with respect to matters relating to the education, knowledge, and technical capabilities of that workforce.
(7) The known deployment areas for nuclear weapons.
(8) Information with respect to the nuclear command and control system.
(9) The factors and motivations driving the nuclear weapons program and the nuclear command and control system.
(10) Any other information that the federally funded research and development center determines appropriate.
(c) SUBMISSION TO DOD.—The federally funded research and development center shall submit to the Secretary—
(1) not later than March 1, 2022, the study under sub-
section (a); and
(2) not later than March 1, 2023, and March 1, 2024, any updates to the study.
(d) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives under subsection (c) the study under subsection (a) or an update to the study, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the study or update, without change.