134 STAT. 3982          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) shall include the participation of at least one entity from Israel and one entity from another regional partner; and

(2) shall be conducted in a manner that appropriately protects sensitive information, intellectual property, the national security interests of the United States, and the national security interests of Israel.

SEC. 1280. COOPERATION ON DIRECTED ENERGY CAPABILITIES.

(a) REPORT.—Not later than March 15, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on potential areas for directed energy cooperation.

(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following:

(1) A description of any science and technology effort or research, development, test, and evaluation effort associated with directed energy.

(2) A description of activities or efforts recommended for potential defense cooperation activities associated with directed energy between the United States and Israel in support of development of military capabilities of mutual benefit.

(3) A description of any obstacle or challenge associated with an effort described under paragraph (2) and recommendations to address such obstacle or challenge.

(4) A description of any authority or authorization of appropriations required for the execution of efforts described under paragraph (2).

(c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex, as determined necessary by the Secretary of Defense.

(d) PROGRAM AUTHORITY.—If recommended as a result of the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may establish a program to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation activities, on a joint basis with Israel, to promote directed energy capabilities of mutual benefit to both the United States and Israel that address threats to the United States, deployed forces of the United States, and Israel. Any activities carried out under this subsection shall be conducted in a manner that appropriately protects sensitive information, intellectual property, the national security interests of the United States, and the national security interests of Israel. Any such program shall take into consideration the recommendations of the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group.

SEC. 1280A. OTHER MATTERS OF COOPERATION.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Activities authorized under this section shall be carried out with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and aligned with the National Security Strategy of the United States, the United States Government Global Health Security Strategy, the Department of State Integrated Country Strategies, the USAID Country Development Cooperation Strategies, and any equivalent or successor plans or strategies, as necessary and appropriate.

(b) DEVELOPMENT OF HEALTH TECHNOLOGIES.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services $4,000,000 for fiscal years 2021 through 2023 for a bilateral cooperative program with the Government of Israel that awards grants