134 STAT. 4372

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

10 USC 2672 note.

SEC. 2884. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE POLICY FOR REGULATION IN MILITARY COMMUNITIES OF DANGEROUS DOGS KEPT AS PETS.

(a) POLICY REQUIRED.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a uniform policy for the regulation of dangerous dogs kept as pets in military communities.

(b) CONSULTATION.—The policy required by subsection (a) shall be developed in consultation with professional veterinary and animal behavior experts in regard to effective regulation of dangerous dogs kept as pets.

(c) REGULATIONS.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations implementing the policy established under subsection (a).
    (2) BEST PRACTICES.—The regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) shall include strategies, for implementation within all military communities, for the prevention of dog bites that are consistent with the following best practices:
        (A) Enforcement of regulations relating to dangerous dogs kept as pets, with emphasis on identification of dangerous dog behavior and chronically irresponsible pet owners.
        (B) Enforcement of animal control regulations, such as leash laws and stray animal control policies.
        (C) Promotion and communication of resources for pet spaying and neutering.
        (D) Investment in community education initiatives, such as teaching criteria for pet selection, pet care best practices, owner responsibilities, and safe and appropriate interaction with dogs.

(d) EXCLUSIONS.—This section does not apply with respect to military working dogs and any dog certified as a service animal.

(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
    (1) The term ‘‘dangerous dog’’ means a dog that—
        (A) has attacked a person or another animal without justification, causing injury or death to the person or animal; or
        (B) exhibits behavior that reasonably suggests the likely risk of such an attack.
    (2) The term ‘‘military communities’’ means—
        (A) all military installations; and
        (B) all military housing, including privatized military housing under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code.

TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION

Sec. 2901. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects.
Sec. 2902. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects.
Sec. 2903. Authorization of appropriations.