PUBLIC LAW 116−283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3971

management, compensation and restoration of property, voluntary return, and sustainable solutions for displaced persons and refugees;

(3) to strengthen civilian oversight of the Sudanese security and intelligence services and ensure that such services are not contributing to the perpetuation of conflict in Sudan and to the limitation of the civil liberties of all people in Sudan;

(4) to assist in the human rights vetting and professional training of security force personnel due to be employed or deployed by the Sudanese security and intelligence services in regions that have been underdeveloped or affected by war, such as the states of Darfur, South Kordofan, Blue Nile, Red Sea, and Kassala, including members of any security forces being established pursuant to a peace agreement relating to such regions;

(5) to support provisions of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005 and Abyei protocol, as appropriate, unless otherwise superseded by a new agreement signed in good faith—
(A) between stakeholders in this region and the Governments of Sudan and South Sudan to hold a free, fair, and credible referendum on the status of Abyei; and
(B) between stakeholders in this region and the Government of Sudan to support popular consultations on the status of the states of South Kordofan and Blue Nile; and

(6) to support other related conflict mitigation programs and activities.
(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out part I and chapters 4 and 6 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.; 2346 et seq., and 2348 et seq.) for fiscal years 2021 and 2022, $20,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated for each such fiscal year to carry out this section.

SEC. 1267. SUPPORT FOR ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR CRIMES, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND GENOCIDE IN SUDAN.

(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should conduct robust diplomatic engagement to promote accountability and provide technical support to ensure that credible, transparent, and independent investigations of gross violations of human rights perpetrated by the Government of Sudan under former President Omar al-Bashir and the Transitional Military Council since June 30, 1989.

(b) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (other than the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008), the President is authorized to provide assistance under part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq. and 2346 et seq.)—
(1) to build the capacity of civilian investigators within and outside of Sudan on how to document, investigate, develop findings of, identify, and locate those responsible for war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Sudan;
(2) to collect, document, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Sudan and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence, including by providing