PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 4307

ERCIP Projects: Outside the United States

Country ................. Installation or Location ........................................ Amount

Italy .................. Naval Support Activity Naples .......................... $3,490,000 SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, DEFENSE AGENCIES. 

(a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2020, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601.

(b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS.—
Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601.

SEC. 2404. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON WESTERN EMERGENCY REFINED FUEL RESERVES.


(a) INDEPENDENT STUDY.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, seek to enter into a contract with a Federally funded research and development center under which contract such center shall conduct a study on the feasibility (including costs and benefits) of establishing one or more emergency fuel reserves for refined fuel in the Western United States.


(b) ELEMENTS OF STUDY.—In conducting the study referred to in subsection (a), the Federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary enters into a contract under such subsection shall analyze the following:


(1) An assessment, in the event of a 30 day-interruption in the availability of oil refineries of the West Coast of the United States, Alaska, and Hawaii to refine petroleum, of—


(A) the capacity of the Department of Defense to meet defense mission requirements using the Prepositioned War Reserve Requirements of the Department for wartime and peacetime operations through the Prepositioned War Reserve Stock and Operating Stock of the Department;


(B) the military installations or missions otherwise served by such refineries that may have unique or limited connection to refined petroleum supply infrastructure; and


(C) the capacity of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve and connecting pipeline infrastructure to support requirements of the West Coast area of the United States for petroleum and refined petroleum products.


(2) An assessment of the practicability of the storage of military expeditionary fuels and jet fuel stock in long-term storage in a salt cavern, hard-rock storage, or tank or other storage.


(3) An identification and assessment of various options to provide long-term storage of refined fuels in the Western United States, including through the establishment of one or more Western Emergency Refined Fuel Reserves, including—