PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3955

for International Development, amounts to be used for the Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup in Vietnam.
   (b) LIMITATION ON AMOUNT.—Not more than $15,000,000 may be transferred in fiscal year 2021 under the transfer authority in subsection (a).
   (c) ADDITIONAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY.—The transfer authority in subsection (a) is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense.
   (d) NOTICE ON EXERCISE OF AUTHORITY.—If the Secretary of Defense determines to use the transfer authority in subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of that determination not later than 30 days before the Secretary uses the transfer authority.

      SEC. 1254. COOPERATIVE PROGRAM WITH VIETNAM TO ACCOUNT FOR 
                VIETNAMESE PERSONNEL MISSING IN ACTION.
   (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, is authorized to carry out a cooperative program with the Ministry of Defense of Vietnam to assist in accounting for Vietnamese personnel missing in action.
   (b) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the cooperative program under subsection (a) is to carry out the following activities:
      (1) Collection, digitization, and sharing of archival information.
      (2) Building the capacity of Vietnam to conduct archival research, investigations, and excavations.
      (3) Improving DNA analysis capacity.
      (4) Increasing veteran-to-veteran exchanges.
      (5) Other support activities the Secretary of Defense considers necessary and appropriate.

      SEC. 1255. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED STATES-VIETNAM
                DEFENSE RELATIONSHIP.

   In commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the normalization of diplomatic relations between the United States and Vietnam, Congress—
      (1) welcomes the historic progress and achievements in United States-Vietnam relations over the last 25 years;
      (2) commends the commitment of Vietnam to resolve international disputes through peaceful means on the basis of international law;
      (3) congratulates Vietnam on its chairmanship of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and its election as a nonpermanent member of the United Nations Security Council, both of which symbolize the positive leadership role of Vietnam in regional and global affairs;
      (4) affirms the commitment of the United States—
         (A) to respect the independence and sovereignty of Vietnam; and
         (B) to establish and promote friendly relations and to work together on an equal footing for mutual benefit with Vietnam;
      (5) encourages the United States and Vietnam to elevate their comprehensive partnership to a strategic partnership based on mutual understanding, shared interests, and a common desire to promote peace, cooperation, prosperity, and security in the Indo-Pacific region;