134 STAT. 3442

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(B) The manning, organizational alignment, and capability of joint electromagnetic spectrum operations cells.
(C) Mission rehearsal and exercises.
(D) Force positioning, posture, and readiness. 
(e) Semiannual Briefing.—Not less frequently than twice each year until January 1, 2026, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the implementation of this section by each of the Joint Staff, the Armed Forces, and the combatant commands.
                
SEC. 153. CRYPTOGRAPHIC MODERNIZATION SCHEDULES.

(a) Cryptographic Modernization Schedules Required.—Each of the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of relevant Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities shall establish and maintain a cryptographic modernization schedule that specifies, for each pertinent weapon system, command and control system, or data link under the jurisdiction of such Secretary or head, including those that use commercial encryption technologies (as relevant), the following:
        (1) The last year of use for applicable cryptographic algorithms. 
        (2) Anticipated key extension requests for systems where cryptographic modernization is assessed to be overly burdensome and expensive or to provide limited operational utility. 
        (3) The funding and deployment schedule for modernized cryptographic algorithms, keys, and equipment over the next five years defense program submitted to Congress pursuant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code, in 2021 together with the budget of the President for fiscal year 2022. 
(b) Requirements for Chief Information Officer.—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall—
        (1) oversee the construction and implementation of the cryptographic modernization schedules required by subsection (a);
        (2) establish and maintain an integrated cryptographic modernization schedule for the entire Department of Defense, collating the cryptographic modernization schedules required under subsection (a); and 
        (3) in coordination with the Director of the National Security Agency and the Joint Staff Director for Command, Control, Communications, and Computers/Cyber, use the budget certification, standard-setting, and policy-making authorities provided in section 142 of title 10, United States Code, to amend Armed Force and Defense Agency and Field Activity plans for key extension requests and cryptographic modernization funding and deployment that pose unacceptable risk to military operations.
(c) Annual Notices.—Not later than January 1, 2022, and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until January 1, 2026, the Chief Information Officer and the Joint Staff Director shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees notification of all—
        (1) delays to or planned delays of Armed Force and Defense Agency and Field Activity funding and deployment of modernized cryptographic algorithms, keys, and equipment over the previous year; and