PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4853

(c) INFORMATION REQUESTED.—To the extent authorized by section 705 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4555) and section 702 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, the information sought from a responding entity specified in subsection (b) shall include, at minimum, information on the following with respect to the manufacture, design, or end use of microelectronics by such entity: 

(1) An identification of the geographic scope of operations. 
(2) Information on relevant cost structures. 
(3) An identification of types of microelectronics development, manufacture, assembly, test, and packaging equipment in operation at such an entity. 
(4) An identification of all relevant intellectual property, raw materials, and semi-finished goods and components sourced domestically and abroad by such an entity. 
(5) Specifications of the microelectronics manufactured or designed by such an entity, descriptions of the end-uses of such microelectronics, and a description of any technical support provided to end-users of such microelectronics by such an entity. 
(6) Information on domestic and export market sales by such an entity. 
(7) Information on the financial performance, including income and expenditures, of such an entity. 
(8) A list of all foreign and domestic subsidies, and any other incentives, received by such an entity in each market in which such entity operates.
(9) A list of regulatory or other informational requests about the respondents’ operations, sales, or other proprietary information by the People’s Republic of China entities under its direction or officials of the Chinese Communist Party, a description of the nature of each request, and the type of information provided.
(10) Information on any joint ventures, technology licensing agreements, and cooperative research or production arrangements of such an entity. 
(11) A description of efforts by such an entity to evaluate and control supply chain risks. 
(12) A list and description of any sales, licensing agreements, or partnerships between such an entity and the People’s Liberation Army or People’s Armed Police, including any business relationships with entities through which such sales, licensing agreements, or partnerships may occur. 

(d) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate Federal departments and agencies, as appropriate, including the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of Homeland Security, and Secretary of Energy, submit to Congress a report on the results of the review required by subsection (a). The report shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the results of the review.
(B) A list of critical technology areas impacted by potential disruptions in production of microelectronics, and a detailed description and assessment of the impact of such potential disruptions on such areas.