PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 3465

shall carry out a program of research and development in social science, management science, and information science.
(b) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the program under subsection (a) are as follows:
          (1) To ensure that the Department of Defense has access to innovation and expertise in social science, management science, and information science to enable the Department to improve the effectiveness, efficiency, and agility of the Department’s operational and management activities.
          (2) To develop and manage a portfolio of research initiatives in fundamental and applied social science, management science, and information science that is stable, consistent, and balanced across relevant disciplines.
          (3) To enhance cooperation and collaboration on research and development in the fields of social science, management science, and information science between the Department of Defense and appropriate private sector and international entities that are involved in research and development in such fields.
          (4) To accelerate the development of a research community and industry to support Department of Defense missions in the fields of social science, management science, and information science, including the development of facilities, a workforce, infrastructure, and partnerships in support of such missions.
          (5) To coordinate all research and development within the Department of Defense in the fields of social science, management science, and information science.
          (6) To collect, synthesize, and disseminate critical information on research and development in the fields of social science, management science, and information science.
          (7) To assess and appropriately share, with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government and appropriate entities in the private sector—
                   (A) challenges within the Department of Defense that may be addressed through the application of advances in social science, management science, and information science; and
                   (B) datasets related to such challenges.
          (8) To support the identification of organizational and institutional barriers to the implementation of management and organizational enhancements and best practices.
          (9) To accelerate efforts—
                   (A) to transition, and deploy within the Department of Defense, technologies and concepts derived from research and development in the fields of social science, management science, and information science; and
                   (B) to establish policies, procedures, and standards for measuring the success of such efforts.
          (10) To integrate knowledge from cross-disciplinary research on—
                   (A) how factors relating to social science, management science, and information science affect the global security environment; and
                   (B) best practices for management in the public and private sectors.
          (11) To apply principles, tools, and methods from social science, management science, and information science—