PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3641

any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of cer- tain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may award the Medal of Honor under section 7271 of such title to Earl D. Plumlee for the acts of valor described in paragraph (2).
(2) ACTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED.—The acts of valor described in this paragraph are the actions of Earl D. Plumlee on August 28, 2013, as a member of the Army serving in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom, for which he was awarded the Silver Star.

SEC. 563. FEASIBILITY STUDY ON ESTABLISHMENT OF SERVICE MEDAL
             
FOR RADIATION-EXPOSED VETERANS.
(a) STUDY REQUIRED; REPORT.—Not later than May 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing the results of a study assessing the feasibility of estab- lishing a service medal to award to radiation-exposed veterans.
        (b) ELEMENTS.—The report shall contain the following:
                (1) An analysis of how the decorations and awards of the Department of Defense have been updated to reflect the nature of military service across generations and conflicts.
                (2) An assessment of the conditions of service of radiation- exposed veterans.
                (3) Any plan of the Secretary to recognize (by means of a decoration or award) current, retired, or former members of the Armed Forces exposed to toxic materials or environments in the course of military service, including radiation-exposed veterans.
                (4) An assessment of the feasibility of establishing an atomic veterans service device to be added to the National Defense Service Medal or another appropriate medal.
                (5) A determination of the direct or indirect costs to the Department that would arise from the establishment of such a device or other appropriate medal.
                (6) Any other element the Secretary determines appro- priate.
(c) MEETING REQUIRED.—In the course of the feasibility study, the Secretary shall hold no fewer than one meeting with representa- tives of organizations that advocate for radiation-exposed veterans (including leadership of the National Association of Atomic Veter- ans, Inc.) to discuss the study and to work with such organizations on steps towards a mutually agreeable and timely recognition of the valued service of radiation-exposed veterans.
(d) RADIATION-EXPOSED VETERAN DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘radiation-exposed veteran’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1112 of title 38, United States Code.

SEC. 564. EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF SILVER
             
STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY.
        Congress supports the designation of a ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’ and recommends that the President issues each year a proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe Silver Star Service Banner Day with appropriate programs, cere- monies, and activities.