PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021            134 STAT. 3543

(10) To develop and recommend issuances to define the functions of the explosive safety board.
(11) To establishes joint hazard classification procedures with covered components of the Department.
(12) To make recommendations to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment with respect to explosives and chemical agent safety tenets and requirements.
(13) To conducts oversight of Department of Defense explo- sive safety management programs.
(14) To carry out such other responsibilities as the Sec- retary of Defense determines appropriate.
(d) RESPONSIBILITIES OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CIVILIAN MEMBERS.—The executive director and civilian members of the explosive safety board shall—
(1) provide assistance to the chair in carrying out the responsibilities specified in subsection (c); and
(2) carry out such other responsibilities as the chair determines appropriate.
(e) MEETINGS.—(1) The explosive safety board shall meet not less frequently than quarterly.
(2) The chair shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report describing the activities conducted at the meetings of the board.
(f) EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITIES.—The explosive safety board shall have exclusive responsibility within the Department of Defense for—
(1) recommending new and updated explosive and chem- ical agent safety regulations and standards to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy Installations and Environment for submittal to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment; and
(2) acting as the primary forum for coordination among covered components of the Department on all matters related to explosive safety management.
(g) COVERED COMPONENTS.—In this section, the covered components of the Department are each of the following:
(1) The Office of the Secretary of Defense.
(2) The military departments.
(3) The Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Joint Staff, the Combatant Commands.
(4) The Office of the Inspector General of the Department.
(5) The Defense Agencies.
(6) The Department of Defense field activities.
(7) All other organizational entities within the Department.
(b) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall take such steps as may be necessary to ensure that the explosive safety board of the Department of Defense, as authorized under section 172 of title 10, United States Code, has a chair who is a military officer and whose responsibilities include the day-to-day management of the explosive safety board and the responsibilities provided in subsection (c) of such section.
(c) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment for fiscal year 2021, not more than 75 percent may