134 STAT. 3638 PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(H) Any other matters the Secretary determines appropriate.
(3) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary shall—
(A) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study by not later than January 1, 2022; and 
Briefings. (B) provide interim briefings to such committees upon request.
(b) DESIGNATION.—The study conducted under subsection (a) shall be known as the ‘‘Study on Reducing Barriers to Minority Participation in Elite Units in the Armed Services’’.
(c) IMPLEMENTATION REQUIRED.—
Deadline. (1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall commence the implementation of each recommendation included in the final report submitted under subsection (a)(3).
(2) EXCEPTIONS.—
(A) DELAYED IMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary of Defense may commence implementation of a recommendation described paragraph (1) later than March 1, 2023, if—
(i) the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees, not later than January 1, 2023, written notice of the intent of the Secretary to delay implementation of the recommendation; and 
(ii) includes, as part of such notice, a specific justification for the delay in implementing the recommendation.
(B) NONIMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary of Defense may elect not to implement a recommendation described in paragraph (1), if—
(i) the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees, not later than January 1, 2023, written notice of the intent of the Secretary not to implement the recommendation; and 
(ii) includes, as part of such notice—
Notice. 
Deadline. (I) the reasons for the Secretary’s decision not to implement the recommendation; and 
(II) a summary of alternative actions the Secretary will carry out to address the purposes underlying the recommendation.
(3) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—For each recommendation that the Secretary implements under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an implementation plan that includes— 
Summary. (A) a summary of actions the Secretary has carried out, or intends to carry out, to implement the recommendation; and 
(B) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the recommendation.
(d) COVERED UNITS DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘covered units’’ means the following:
(1) Army Special Forces.
(2) Army Rangers.
(3) Navy SEALs.
(4) Air Force Combat Control Teams.
(5) Air Force Pararescue.