134 STAT. 3748            PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                        (1) ASSESSMENT BY SECRETARY.—Not later than October
                  1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-
                  sional defense committees a report on the assessment conducted
                  by the Secretary under subsection (a), includlng—
                             (A) a description of such assessment;
                             (B) the results of such assessment, including the anal-
                                   ysis described in subsection (b)(2);
Analysis.                (C) a plan to reduce, when appropriate, the length
Plan.                            of time between the start of a Capabilities-Based Assess-
                                    ment and the date the Joint Requirements Oversight
                                    Council approves the related Capability Development Docu-
                                    ment; and
Recommendations.           (D) any additional recommendations for legislation,
                                     regulations, or policies that the Secretary determines
                                     appropriate.
                        (2) ASSESSMENT BY DIRECTOR.—
Recommendations. (A) REPORT TO SECRETARY.—Not later than November
                              30, 2021, the Director shall submit to the Secretary of
                              Defense a report on the assessment conducted by the
                              Director pursuant to subsection (a).
                        (B) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than January
                              1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the
                              congressional defense committees the report described in
                              subparagraph (A) together with such comments as the Sec-
                              retary determines appropriate, including—
                                     (i) a description and the results of the assessment
                                           conducted pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(B);
                                     (ii) recommendations on how the Department of
                                           Defense can improve the efficiency of developing and
                                           approving capability requirements; and
                                    (iii) any additional recommendations for legisla-
                                           tion, regulations, or policies that the Secretary deter-
                                           mines appropriate.

  Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
  tracting Authorities, Procedures, and
  Limitations

  SEC. 811. SUSTAINMENT REFORM FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.
           (a) SUSTAINMENT ACTIVITIES IN THE NATIONAL DEFENSE
                 STRATEGY.—
                 (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 113(g)(l)(B) of title 10, United
                        States Code, as amended by section 551 of this Act, is further
                        amended by adding at the end the following new clauses:
                              “(viii) A strategic framework prescribed by the Secretary
                                    that guides how the Department will prioritize and integrate
                                    activities relating to sustainment of major defense acquisition
                                    programs, core logistics capabilities (as described under section
                                    2464 of this title), commercial logistics capabilities, and the
                                    national technology and industrial base (as defined in section
                                    2500 of this title).
Time period.             “(ix) A strategic framework prescribed by the Secretary
                                    that guides how the Department will specifically address con-
                                    tested logistics, including major investments for related infra-
                                    structure, logistics-related authorities, force posture, related