134 STAT. 3596

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(C) measures of performance or effectiveness.
(2) The effectiveness of the funding transfer process between the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Department of Defense.
(3) The development and promulgation of training and education materials for the National Guard and other components of the Department of Defense.
(4) An analysis of lessons learned from the response to COVID–19, including—
(A) policy gaps identified by the Secretary; and
(B) any recommendations of the Secretary to improve such process.
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a).

SEC. 519C. REPORT ON GUIDANCE FOR USE OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS BY THE NATIONAL GUARD.

(a) REVIEW.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall—
(1) review current guidance on the use of unmanned aircraft systems by the National Guard for covered activities within the United States; and
(2) submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing recommendations of the Secretary regarding how to expedite the review of requests for use of unmanned aircraft systems described in paragraph (1).
(b) COVERED ACTIVITIES DEFINED.—In this section, the term “covered activities” means—
(1) emergency operations;
(2) search and rescue operations;
(3) defense support to civil authorities; and
(4) support under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code.

SEC. 519D. STUDY AND REPORT ON ROTC RECRUTIMENT.

(a) STUDY.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study that assesses—
(1) whether members of the Armed Forces who served in the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps are more or less likely than members who served in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps to achieve or receive recommendations for higher ranks;
(2) whether there is a correlation between race or ethnicity and the rank ultimately achieved by such members;
(3) whether individuals who serve in the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps are likelier to join the Armed Forces than other individuals; and
(4) the feasibility of establishing a program to create a pathway for minorities into higher ranks in the Armed Forces.
(b) REPORT.—Not later than December 31, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a).
