PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3569 

(D) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by subparagraph 
(B)— 
(i) by striking “The appointment” and inserting “(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the appointment”; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
“(B) In the case of an officer whose promotion is delayed pursuant to paragraph (1)(F), requirements applicable to notice and opportunity for response to such delay are specified in section 628(a)(3) of this title.”. 
(b) RESERVE OFFICERS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 1407 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 14502 the following new section: 

“§ 14502a. Special selection review boards 
“(a) IN GENERAL.—(1) If the Secretary of the military department concerned determines that a person recommended by a promotion board for promotion to a grade at or below the grade of major general or rear admiral in the Navy is the subject of credible information of an adverse nature, including any substantiated adverse finding or conclusion described in section 14107(a)(3)(A) of this title, that was not furnished to the promotion board during its consideration of the person for promotion as otherwise required by such section, the Secretary shall convene a special selection review board under this section to review the person and recommend whether the recommendation for promotion of the person should be sustained. 
“(2) If a person and the recommendation for promotion of the person is subject to review under this section by a special selection review board convened under this section, the name of the person— 
“(A) shall not be disseminated or publicly released on the list of officers recommended for promotion by the promotion board recommending the promotion of the person; and 
“(B) shall not be forwarded to the Secretary of Defense, the President, or the Senate, as applicable, or included on a promotion list under section 14308(a) of this title. 
“(b) CONVENING.—(1) Any special selection review board convened under this section shall be convened in accordance with the provisions of section 14502(b)(2) of this title. 
“(2) Any special selection review board convened under this section may review such number of persons, and recommendations for promotion of such persons, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify in convening such special selection review board. 
“(c) INFORMATION CONSIDERED.—(1) In reviewing a person and recommending whether the recommendation for promotion of the person should be sustained under this section, a special selection review board convened under this section shall be furnished and consider the following: 
“(A) The record and information concerning the person furnished in accordance with section 14107(a)(2) of this title to the promotion board that recommended the person for promotion. 
“(B) Any credible information of an adverse nature on the person, including any substantiated adverse finding or conclusion described in section 14107(a)(3)(A) of this title, that was not furnished to the promotion board during its consideration of the person for promotion as otherwise required by such section. 

10 USC 14502a. 
Determination. 
Recommendations.