134 STAT. 3892           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Atlantic, shall establish and carry out, for a period of not less
than five years, a Fire Fighters Alternative Work Schedule demonstration project for the Navy Region Mid-Atlantic Fire and Emergency Services. Such demonstration project shall provide, with respect to each employee of the Navy Region Mid-Atlantic Fire
and Emergency Services, that—
    (1) assignments to tours of duty are scheduled in advance
over periods of not less than two weeks;
    (2) tours of duty are scheduled using a regularly recurring pattern of 48-hour shifts followed by 48 or 72 consecutive non-work hours, as determined by mutual agreement between the Commander, Navy Region Mid-Atlantic, and the exclusive employee representative at each Navy Region Mid-Atlantic installation, in such a manner that each employee is regularly
scheduled for 144-hours in any two-week period;
    (3) for any such employee that is a fire fighter working an alternative work schedule, such employee shall earn overtime compensation in a manner consistent with other applicable
law and regulation;
    (4) no right shall be established to any form of premium pay, including night, Sunday, holiday, or hazard duty pay;
and
    (5) leave accrual and use shall be consistent with other
applicable law and regulation.
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the date on which
the demonstration project under this section terminates, the Commander, Navy Region Mid-Atlantic, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report detailing—
    (1) any financial savings or expenses directly and inseparably linked to the demonstration project;
    (2) any intangible quality of life and morale improvements achieved by the demonstration project; and
    (3) any adverse impact of the demonstration project occurring solely as the result of the transition to the demonstration project.
SEC. 1110. SPECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN MONTHLY WORKERS’ COM-
PENSATION PAYMENTS AND OTHER PAYMENTS FOR FED-ERAL GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL UNDER CHIEF OF MISSION AUTHORITY.
Section 901 of title IX of division J of the Further Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2020 (Public Law 116–94; 22 U.S.C. 2680b)
is amended—
    (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or the head of any other Federal agency’’ after ‘‘The Secretary of State’’;
    (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘and the Secretary of
State’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Secretary of State, and, as appropriate, the head of any other Federal agency paying benefits under this section’’;
    (3) in subsection (e)(2)—
        (A) by striking ‘‘the Department of State’’ and inserting
‘‘the Federal Government’’; and
        (B) by inserting after ‘‘subsection (f)’’ the following:
‘‘, but does not include an individual receiving compensation
under section 19A of the Central Intelligence Agency Act
of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3519b)’’; and
        