PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 

134 STAT. 3707

‘‘(viii) medical and public health management of biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear hazards; or

‘‘(ix) such other areas of expertise as the Secretary considers appropriate.

‘‘(4) PRIORITY FOR LOCATIONS.—In selecting locations for the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall give priority to locations that would facilitate public-private partnerships with academic medical centers of institutions of higher education, hospitals, and other entities with facilities that have an established history of providing clinical care, treatment, training, and research in the areas described in paragraph (3)(D) or other specializations determined important by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program.’’;

(5) by striking subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (2), and inserting the following:
‘‘(g) REPORTS.—
‘‘(1) INITIAL REPORT.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the commencement of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the pilot program.
‘‘(B) ELEMENTS.—The report under subparagraph (A) shall include the following:
‘‘(i) A description of the pilot program.
‘‘(ii) The requirements established under subsection (e).
‘‘(iii) The evaluation metrics established under subsection (f).
‘‘(iv) Such other matters relating to the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate.
‘‘(2) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the pilot program.’’; and

(6) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means—
‘‘(A) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives.
‘‘(B) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate.
‘‘(2) The term ‘institution of higher education’ means a four-year institution of higher education, as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)).’’.