134 STAT. 3924               PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

by Mohammed Omar, and that is currently led by Mawlawi Hibatullah Akhundzada; and
(B) includes subordinate organizations, such as the Haqqani Network, and any successor organization.
(4) FEBRUARY 29 AGREEMENT.—The term “February 29 Agreement” refers to the political arrangement between the United States and the Taliban titled “Agreement for Bringing Peace to Afghanistan Between the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan which is not recognized by the United States as a state and is known as the Taliban and the United States of America” signed at Doha, Qatar on February 29, 2020.
(b) OVERSIGHT OF PEACE PROCESS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS.—
(1) TRANSMISSION TO CONGRESS OF MATERIALS RELEVANT TO THE FEBRUARY 29 AGREEMENT.—Not later than January 10, 2021, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that all materials relevant to the February 29 Agreement have been submitted to such commites. If the Secretary of State cannot so certify because materials relevant to the February 29 Agreement have not been submitted, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit such materials not later than January 15, 2021.
(2) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF ANY SUBSEQUENT AGREEMENTS INVOLVING THE TALIBAN.—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, within 5 days of conclusion and on an ongoing basis thereafter, any agreement or arrangement subsequent to the February 29 Agreement involving the Taliban, as well as materials relevant to any subsequent agreement or arrangement involving the Taliban.
(3) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection, the terms “materials relevant to the February 29 Agreement” and “materials relevant to any subsequent agreement or arrangement” include all annexes, appendices, and instruments for implementation of the February 29 Agreement or a subsequent agreement or arrangement, as well as any understandings or expectations related to the February 29 Agreement or a subsequent agreement or arrangement.
(c) REPORT ON VERIFICATION AND COMPLIANCE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 120 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report verifying whether the key tenets of the February 29 Agreement, or subsequent agreements or arrangements, and accompanying instruments for implementation are being upheld.
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) An assessment of each of the following:
(i) The Taliban’s compliance with the February 29 Agreement, including counterterrorism guarantees and guarantees to deny safe haven and freedom of movement to al-Qaeda and other terrorist threats from operating on territory under its influence.