PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3529

committees a briefing on the results of the survey conducted under subsection (a). The briefing shall include—
    (1) a description of the technologies included in the survey;
    (2) a list of the technologies that were considered for further testing or analysis; and
    (3) any technologies that are undergoing additional analysis for possible application within the Department.

SEC. 332. INTERAGENCY BODY ON RESEARCH RELATED TO PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES. 15 USC 8963.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, acting through the National Science and Technology Council, shall establish, or designate, an interagency working group to coordinate Federal activities related to PFAS research and development.
(b) AGENCY PARTICIPATION.—The interagency working group shall include a representative of each of—
    (1) the Environmental Protection Agency;
    (2) the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences;
    (3) the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry;
    (4) the National Science Foundation;
    (5) the Department of Defense;
    (6) the National Institutes of Health;
    (7) the National Institute of Standards and Technology;
    (8) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration;
    (9) the Department of the Interior;
    (10) the Department of Transportation;
    (11) the Department of Homeland Security;
    (12) the National Aeronautics and Space Administration;
    (13) the National Toxicology Program;
    (14) the Department of Agriculture;
    (15) the Geological Survey;
    (16) the Department of Commerce;
    (17) the Department of Energy;
    (18) the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs;
    (19) the Office of Management and Budget; and
    (20) any such other Federal department or agency as the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy considers appropriate.
(c) CO-CHAIRS.—The Interagency working group shall be co-chaired by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and, on a biannual rotating basis, a representative from a member agency, as selected by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.
(d) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE WORKING GROUP.—The interagency working group established under subsection (a) shall—
    (1) provide for interagency coordination of federally funded PFAS research and development; and
    (2) not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, develop and make publicly available a strategic plan for Federal support for PFAS research and development (to be updated not less frequently than once every three years) that—
        (A) identifies all current federally funded PFAS research and development, including the nature and scope of such research and development and the amount of