134 STAT. 3450            PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021            
                    costs of designing, procuring, and fielding the F–35 Operational Data Integrated Network system.
Effective date.    (b) UPDATES.—In each quarterly briefing required by section 155 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public 115-232; 132 Stat. 1672) for a calendar quarter beginning on or after January 1, 2022, the Under Secretary and the Director shall include an update containing current 
information on the following:
                     (1) The manner in which the F–35 Autonomic Logistics Information System is affecting fleet performance of the F–35 aircraft fleet.
                     (2) The progress being made to develop, procure, and field the F–35 Operational Data Integrated Network system.

SEC. 162. BRIEFINGS ON SOFTWARE REGRESSION TESTING FOR F–35 AIRCRAFT.
Consultation.      During the quarterly briefing required by section 155 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1672) covering a quarter in which mission systems production software for the F–35 aircraft was released to units operating such aircraft under the F–35 aircraft continuous capability development and delivery program, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall, in consultation with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, brief the congressional defense committees with the following with respect of the the mission systems production software for the F–35 aircraft:
                    (1) An explanation of the types and methods of regression testing that were completed for the production release of the software concerned to ensure compatibility and proper functionality with—
                                (A) the fire control radar system of each variant of the F–35 aircraft; and
                                (B) all weapons certified for carriage and employment on each variant of the F–35 aircraft.
List.               (2) An identification of any entities that conducted regression testing of such software, including any development facilities of the Federal Government or contractors that conducted such testing.
                    (3) A list of deficiencies identified during regression testing of such software, or by operational units, after fielding of such software, and an explanation of—
                               (A) any software modifications, including quick-reaction capability, that were completed to resolve or mitigate such deficiencies;
                               (B) with respect to any deficiencies that were not resolved or mitigated, whether the deficiencies will be corrected in later releases of the software; and
                               (C) any effects resulting from such deficiencies, including—
                                      (i) any effects on the cost and schedule for delivery of the software; and
                                      (ii) in cases in which the deficiencies resulted in additional, unplanned, software releases, any effects on the ongoing testing of software capability releases.