PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021       134 STAT. 3625

local children’s advocacy center with respect to serious harm to children on such installations.
SEC. 549C. INDEPENDENT ANALYSIS AND RECOMMENDATIONS ON 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE IN THE ARMED FORCES.

(a) ANALYSIS AND RECOMMENDATIONS.—
  (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract or other agreement with an appropriate entity in the private sector (including a Federally funded research and development center) for the conduct of an analysis and the development of recommendations on means to improve the effectiveness of the covered Armed Forces in responding to and preventing domestic violence.
  (2) EXPERTISE.—The entity with which the Secretary enters into a contract or agreement pursuant to this section shall have expertise in—
    (A) scientific and other research relating to domestic violence; and
    (B) science-based strategies for the prevention, intervention, and response to domestic violence.
(b) SCOPE OF ANALYSIS AND RECOMMENDATIONS.—Under the contract or agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a), the entity concerned shall analyze and develop recommendations for the Secretary with respect to each of the following:
  (1) The risk of domestic violence at various stages of military service, including identification of—
    (A) stages at which there is a higher than average risk of domestic violence; and
    (B) stages at which the implementation of domestic violence prevention strategies may have the greatest preventive effect.
  (2) The use and dissemination of domestic violence prevention resources throughout the stages of military service, including providing new members with training in domestic violence prevention.
  (3) Best practices for the targeting of domestic violence prevention resources toward those with a higher risk of domestic violence.
  (4) Strategies to prevent domestic violence by training, educating, and assigning prevention-related responsibilities to—
    (A) commanders;
    (B) medical, behavioral, and mental health service providers;
    (C) family advocacy program representatives;
    (D) Military Family Life Consultants; and
    (E) other individuals and entities with responsibilities that may be relevant to addressing domestic violence.
  (5) The efficacy of providing survivors of domestic violence with the option to request expedited transfers, and the effects of such transfers.
  (6) Improvements to procedures for reporting appropriate legal actions to the National Crime Information Center, and the efficacy of such procedures.
  (7) The effects of domestic violence on—
    (A) housing for military families;
    (B) the education of military dependent children;