134 STAT. 4108                   PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(E) Equipment and infrastructure required to support the missions.
(4) Metrics to measure the effectiveness of each operation, including means to evaluate the value of discovered malware and infrastructure, the effect on the adversary, and the potential for future engagements with the partner country.
(5) Roles and responsibilities for United States Cyber Command and the National Security Agency in the analysis of relevant mission data.
(6) A detailed description of counterintelligence support for cyber hunt forward operations.
(7) A standardized force presentation model across service components and combatant commands.
(8) Review of active and reserve component personnel policies to account for deployment and redeployment operations, including the following: 
(A) Global Force Management.
(B) Contingency, Exercise, and Deployment orders to be considered for and applied towards deployment credit and benefits.
(9) Such other matters as the Secretary determines relevant.

(c) BRIEFING.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than May 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the framework developed pursuant to subsection (a).
(2) CONTENTS.—The briefing required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) An overview of the framework developed pursuant to subsection (a).
(B) An explanation of the tradeoffs associated with the use of Department of Defense resources for cyber hunt forward missions in the context of competing priorities.
(C) Such recommendations as the Secretary may have for legislation action to improve the effectiveness of cyber hunt forward missions.

SEC. 1721. RATIONALIZATION AND INTEGRATION OF PARALLEL CYBERSECURITY ARCHITECTURES AND OPERATIONS.

(a) REVIEW REQUIRED.—The Commander of United States Cyber Command, with support from the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, the Chief Data Office of the Department, the Principal Cyber Advisor, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation, as well as the Principal Cyber Advisors and the Chief Information Officers of the military services, shall conduct a review of the Cybersecurity Service Provider and Cyber Mission Force enterprises.
(b) ASSESSMENT AND IDENTIFICATION OF REDUNDANCIES AND GAPS.—The review required by subsection (a) shall assess and identify—
(1) the optimal way to integrate the Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture and the Cybersecurity Service Provider architectures, associated tools and capabilities, and associated concepts of operations;

