PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021   134 STAT. 3853

List.

‘‘(F) A list of the members of the Ocean Research Advisory 
Panel established under section 8933(a) of this title and any 
working groups described in subsection (e)(4)(A) in existence 
during the fiscal years covered by the report.
‘‘(e) PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM OFFICE.—(1) The Secretary of the 
Navy and Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration shall jointly establish a partnership program office 
for the National Oceanographic Partnership Program.
‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Navy and Administrator of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall use 
competitive procedures to select a non-Government entity to manage 
the partnership program office.
‘‘(3) The Committee shall monitor the management of the part-
nership program office.
‘‘(4) The partnership program office shall perform the following 
duties:
‘‘(A) Supporting working groups established by the Com-
mittee or subcommittee and reporting to the Committee and 
to any Federal agency that has contributed amounts to the 
National Oceanographic Partnership Program on the activities 
of such working groups, including the proposals of such working 
groups for partnership projects.
‘‘(B) Supporting the process for proposing partnership 
projects to the Committee and to the agencies referred to in 
subparagraph (A), including, where appropriate, managing 
review of such projects.
‘‘(C) Submitting to the appropriate congressional commit-
tees, and making publicly available, an annual report on the 
status of all partnership projects, including the Federal and 
non-Federal sources of funding for each project, and activities 
of the office.
‘‘(D) Performing such additional duties for the administra-
tion of the National Oceanographic Partnership Program that 
the Committee and the agencies referred to in subparagraph 
(A) consider appropriate.’’;
(C) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as sub-
sections (f) and (g), respectively;
(D) in subsections (f) and (g), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘Council’’ each place it appears and inserting 
‘‘Committee’’;
(E) by inserting after subsection (g), as so redesignated, 
the following new subsection (h):
‘‘(h) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means—
‘‘(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation of the Senate;
‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate;
‘‘(3) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate;
‘‘(4) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House 
of Representatives;
‘‘(5) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of 
the House of Representatives;
‘‘(6) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives; and
‘‘(7) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-
resentatives.’’.
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.—