134 STAT. 3728      PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

      (3) The increase as compared to the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, of the annual cost associated with readjustment counseling and outpatient mental health care provided by the Department to members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces.
      (4) The changes, as compared to the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, in staffing, training, organization, and resources required for the Department to offer readjustment counseling and outpatient mental health care to members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces.
      (5) Any challenges the Department has encountered in providing readjustment counseling and outpatient mental health care to members of reserve components of the Armed Forces.
   (b) Vet Center Defined.—In this section, the term “Vet Center” has the meaning given that term in section 1712A(h) of title 38, United States Code.

                        TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS
                        Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management
Sec. 801. Report on acquisition risk assessment and mitigation as part of Adaptive Acquisition Framework implementation.
Sec. 802. Improving planning, execution, and oversight of life cycle sustainment activities.
Sec. 803. Disclosures for offerors for certain shipbuilding major defense acquisition program contracts.
Sec. 804. Implementation of modular open systems approach.
Sec. 805. Congressional notification of termination of a middle tier acquisition program.
Sec. 806. Definition of material weakness for contractor business systems.
Sec. 807. Space system acquisition and the adaptive acquisition framework.
Sec. 808. Acquisition authority of the Director of the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center.
Sec. 809. Assessments of the process for developing capability requirements for Department of Defense acquisition programs.
                        Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations
Sec. 811. Sustainment reform for the Department of Defense.
Sec. 812. Inclusion of software in Government performance of acquisition functions.
Sec. 813. Modifications to Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and related initiatives.
Sec. 814. Cost or pricing data reporting requirements for Department of Defense contracts.
Sec. 815. Prompt payment of contractors.
Sec. 816. Documentation pertaining to commercial item determinations.
Sec. 817. Modification to small purchase threshold exception to sourcing requirements for certain articles.
Sec. 818. Repeal of program for qualified apprentices for military construction contracts.
Sec. 819. Modifications to mitigating risks related to foreign ownership, control, or influence of Department of Defense contractors and subcontractors.
Sec. 820. Contract closeout authority for services contracts.
Sec. 821. Revision of proof required when using an evaluation factor for employing or subcontracting with members of the Selected Reserve.
                        Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Software and Technology
Sec. 831. Contract authority for development and demonstration of initial or additional prototype units.