PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3941

(D) an assessment of the extent to which United States security assistance to the Ukrainian air force is in the national security interests of the United States.

(4) An assessment of the progress on defense institutional reforms in Ukraine, including in the Ukrainian navy and air force, in the time period described in paragraph (1) that will be essential for—
(A) enabling effective use and sustainment of capabilities developed under security assistance authorities described in this section;
(B) enhancing the defense of Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity;
(C) achieving the Government of Ukraine’s stated goal of meeting NATO standards; and
(D) allowing Ukraine to achieve its full potential as a strategic partner of the United States.

(c) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) and the resource plan required under subsection (b) shall each be submitted in a classified form with an unclassified summary. Classified information.

(d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means—
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.

SEC. 1237. REPORT ON RUSSIAN FEDERATION SUPPORT OF RACIALLY AND ETHNICALLY MOTIVATED VIOLENT EXTREMISTS. Assessments.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the head of any other relevant Federal department or agency, shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on Russian Federation support of foreign racially and ethnically motivated violent extremist groups and networks, including such support—
(1) provided by agents and entities of the Russian Federation acting at the direction or for the benefit of the Government of the Russian Federation; and
(2) as it relates to undermining stability and security and fomenting or sustaining conflict. Consultation.

(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A list of each foreign racially or ethnically motivated violent extremist group or network known to meet, or suspected of meeting, any of the following criteria:
(A) The group or network has been targeted or recruited by the security services of the Russian Federation.
(B) The group or network has received support (including training, disinformation or amplification on social media platforms, financial support, and any other support) from the Russian Federation or an agent or entity of the Russian Federation acting at the direction or for the benefit of the Government of the Russian Federation. List. Criteria.