PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

flight) and nonionizing radiation (associated with air- borne, ground, and shipboard radars) occurred in which covered individuals could have received increased radi- ation amounts.
(iii) Identify, for each covered individual, duty sta- tions, dates of service, aircraft flown, and additional duties (including Landing Safety Officer, Catapult and Arresting Gear Officer, Air Liaison Officer, Tactical Air Control Party, or personnel associated with aircraft maintenance, supply, logistics, fuels, or transportation) that could have increased the risk of cancer for such covered individual.
(iv) Determine locations where a covered individual served or additional duties of a covered individual that are associated with higher incidences of cancers.
(v) Identify potential exposures due to service in the Armed Forces that are not related to aviation, such as exposure to burn pits or toxins in contaminated water, embedded in the soil, or inside bases or housing.
(vi) Determine the appropriate age to begin screening covered individuals for cancer based on race, gender, flying hours, period of service as aviation sup- port personnel, Armed Force, type of aircraft, and mis- sion.
(B) DATA.—The Secretary small format all data included in the study conducted under this paragraph in accordance with the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results program of the National Cancer Institute, including by disaggregating such data by race, gender, and age.
(C) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the sub- mittal of the report under paragraph (2)(B), if the Secretary conducts the second phase of the study under this para- graph, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings of the study conducted under this paragraph.
(4) USE OF DATA FROM PREVIOUS STUDIES.—In conducting the study under this subsection, the Secretary of Defense shall incorporate data from previous studies conducted by the Air Force, the Navy, or the Marine Corps that are relevant to the study under this subsection, including data from the comprehesive study conducted by the Air Force identifying each covered individual and documenting the cancers, dates of diagnoses, and mortality of each covered individual.
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “appropriate committees of Congress” means—
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com- mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com- mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives.
(2) The term “Armed Forces”—
(A) has the meaning given the term “armed forces” in section 101 of title 10, United States Code; and
(B) includes the reserve components named in section 10101 of such title.
(3) The term “covered individual”—
(A) means an aviator or aviation support personnel who—