PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4773

(D) in section 2202(i), by striking “Sector-Specific Agency” and inserting “Sector Risk Management Agency”; and 6 USC 652. 

(E) in section 2214(c)(4), by striking “sector-specific agency” and inserting “Sector Risk Management Agency”. 6 USC 664. 

(3) REFERENCES.—Any reference to a Sector Specific Agency (including any permutations or conjugations thereof) in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to— 

(A) be a reference to the Sector Risk Management Agency of the relevant critical infrastructure sector; and 

(B) have the meaning give such term in section 2201(5) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. 

(4) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2214 the following new item: 

“Sec. 2215. Sector Risk Management Agencies.”. 

(d) REPORT AND AUDITING.—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and every four years thereafter for 12 years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the effectiveness of Sector Risk Management Agencies in carrying out their responsibilities under section 2215 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this section. Time period.

SEC. 9003. REVIEW AND ANALYSIS OF INLAND WATERS SEAPORT SECURITY. 

(a) SEAPORT CARGO REVIEW.— 
(1) ELEMENTS.—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall conduct a review of all Great Lakes and selected inland waters seaports that receive international cargo— 

(A) to determine, for each such seaport— 

(i) the current screening capability, including the types and numbers of screening equipment and whether such equipment is physically located at a seaport or assigned and available in the area and made available to use; 

(ii) the number of U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel assigned from a Field Operations office, broken out by role; 

(iii) the expenditures for procurement and overtime incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection during the most recent fiscal year; 

(iv) the types of cargo received, such as containerized, break-bulk, and bulk; 

(v) the legal entity that owns the seaport; 

(vi) a description of the use of space at the seaport by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including— 

(I) whether U.S. Customs and Border Protection or the General Services Administration owns or leases any facilities at the seaport; and 

(II) if U.S. Customs and Border Protection is provided space at the seaport, a description of Determination.