PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                        134 STAT. 4367

(c) PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN ACTIVITIES PENDING STUDY.—Until 
the study required by subsection (a) is submitted as provided in 
subsection (b), funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act 
or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2021 and funds author- 
ized to be appropriated by a National Defense Authorization Act 
or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2022 may not be obli- 
gated or expended to implement any activity that would have the 
effect of— 
        (1) reducing the resiliency of any air base in Europe under 
the operational control of the Department of Defense or a 
military department and utilized by the United States Armed 
Forces; or 
        (2) demolishing any protected aircraft shelter in Europe 
utilized by the United States Armed Forces. 

(d) WAIVER AND EXCEPTION.—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the prohibition in subsection (c)(2) and authorize the demoli- 
tion of a protected aircraft shelter covered by the prohibition at 
any time after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the 
date on which the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense 
committees, in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of 
title 10, United States Code, that the protected aircraft shelter— 
        (1) is no longer needed to meet foreseeable threats to United 
States military aircraft in the European theater; or 
        (2) is no longer a viable defensive measure to protect 
against such foreseeable threats. 


Subtitle I—Other Matters 


SEC. 2881. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION INFRASTRUCTURE AND WEAPON 
SYSTEM SYNCHRONIZATION FOR GROUND BASED STRA- 
TEGIC DETERRENT. 

(a) AUTHORIZATION FOR PLANNING AND DESIGN.—Of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for planning and design, 
Air Force, for fiscal year 2021, for the Ground Based Strategic 
Deterrent, as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the 
Secretary of the Air Force may use not more than $15,000,000 
for the purpose of obtaining or carrying out necessary planning 
and construction design in connection with military construction 
projects and other infrastructure projects necessary to support the 
development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent 
weapon system. 

(b) AIR FORCE PROJECT MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION.—Each 
contract entered into by the United States for a military construc- 
tion project or other infrastructure project in connection with the 
development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrence 
weapon system shall be carried out under the direction and super- 
vision of the Secretary of the Air Force. The Secretary may utilize 
and consult with the Air Force Civil Engineer Center, the Army 
Corps of Engineers, and the Naval Facilities Engineering Command 
for subject matter expertise, contracting capacity, and other support 
as determined to be necessary by the Secretary to carry out this 
section. 

(c) USE OF SINGLE PRIME CONTRACTOR.—The Secretary of the 
Air Force may award contracts for planning and construction design 
and for military construction projects and other infrastructure 
projects authorized by law in connection with the development