134 STAT. 4082     PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

    “(A) addresses all of the abilities of such Forces to conduct cyberspace operations based on capability and capacity of personnel, equipment, training, and equipment condition—
        ‘‘(i) using both quantitative and qualitative metrics; and
        ‘‘(ii) in a way that is common to all military departments; and
    ‘‘(B) is consistent with readiness reporting pursuant to section 482 of this title.
    ‘‘(6) Any other matters that the briefers determine to be appropriate.
    ‘‘(c) DOCUMENTS.—Each briefing under subsection (a) shall include a classified placemat, summarizing the elements specified in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (5) of subsection (b), and an unclassified memorandum, summarizing the briefing’s contents.”.
SEC. 1704. CLARIFICATION RELATING TO PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY OF OPERATIONALLY CRITICAL CONTRACTORS.

Paragraph (1) of section 391(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
    (1) by inserting “and contract requirements established pursuant to Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement clause 252.204–7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting,” after “compliance with this section;” and
    (2) by inserting “and such contract requirements” before the period.
SEC. 1705. STRENGTHENING FEDERAL NETWORKS; CISA CYBERSECURITY SUPPORT TO AGENCIES.

Section 3553 of title 44, United States Code, is amended—
    (1) in subsection (b)—
        (A) in paragraph (6)(D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon;
        (B) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (9); and
        (C) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraphs:
            ‘‘(7) hunting for and identifying, with or without advance notice to or authorization from agencies, threats and vulnerabilities within Federal information systems;
            ‘‘(8) upon request by an agency, and at the Secretary’s discretion, with or without reimbursement—
                ‘‘(A) providing services, functions, and capabilities, including operation of the agency’s information security program, to assist the agency with meeting the requirements set forth in section 3554(b); and
                ‘‘(B) deploying, operating, and maintaining secure technology platforms and tools, including networks and common business applications, for use by the agency to perform agency functions, including collecting, maintaining, storing, processing, disseminating, and analyzing information; and’’; and
        (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
            ‘‘(l) INFORMATION SHARING.—
                ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including any provision of law that would otherwise restrict