134 STAT. 4418

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

of a vessel in a foreign country shall not apply to a vessel for any day the operator of the vessel is receiving payments for the operation of that vessel under an operating agreement under this chapter.
    “(c) TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT.—The telecommunications and other electronic equipment on an existing vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States for operation under an operating agreement under this chapter shall be deemed to satisfy all Federal Communications Commission equipment approval requirements, if—
        “(1) such equipment complies with all applicable international agreements and associated guidelines as determined by the country in which the vessel was documented immediately before becoming documented under the laws of the United States;
        “(2) that country has not been identified by the Secretary as inadequately enforcing international regulations as to that vessel; and
        “(3) at the end of its useful life, such equipment shall be replaced with equipment that meets Federal Communications Commission equipment approval standards.

“§ 53409. Special rule regarding age of participating Fleet vessels

    “Any age restriction under section 53402(b)(4) of this title shall not apply to a participating Fleet vessel during the 30-month period beginning on the date the vessel begins operating under an operating agreement under this chapter, if the Secretary determines that the program participant for the vessel has entered into an arrangement to obtain and operate under the operating agreement for the participating Fleet vessel a replacement vessel that, upon commencement of such operation, will be eligible to be included in the Fleet under section 53402(b) of this title.

“§ 53410. Regulations

    “The Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Defense may each prescribe rules as necessary to carry out their respective responsibilities under this chapter.

“§ 53411. Authorization of appropriations

    “There is authorized to be appropriated for payments under section 53406, $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2035, to remain available until expended.

“§ 53412. Acquisition of Fleet vessels

    “(a) IN GENERAL.—Upon replacement of a Fleet vessel under an operating agreement under this chapter, and subject to agreement by the program participant of the vessel, the Secretary of Transportation is authorized, subject to the concurrence of the Secretary of Defense, acquire the vessel being replaced for inclusion in the National Defense Reserve Fleet.
    “(b) REQUIREMENTS.—To be eligible for acquisition by the Secretary of Transportation under this section a vessel shall—
        “(1) have been covered by an operating agreement under this chapter for not less than 3 years; and
        “(2) meet recapitalization requirements for the Ready Reserve Force.