134 STAT. 3478

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

such covered vessel that cannot otherwise be met through further land-based subsystem prototyping or other demonstration approaches.
(d) LIMITATION ON WEAPON INTEGRATION.— Effective date. Compliance.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may not integrate any offensive weapon system into a covered vessel until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such covered vessel—
(A) will comply with applicable laws, including the law of armed conflict, with a detailed explanation of how such compliance will be achieved; and
(B) has been determined to be the most appropriate surface vessel to meet applicable offensive military requirements.
(2) COMPLETION OF ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES REQUIRED.— A determination under paragraph (1)(B) shall be made only after the completion of an analysis of alternatives that—
(A) is described in subsection (e)(1); and
(B) supports such determination.
(e) SUBMITTAL OF ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES TO CONGRESS.— Deadline.
(1) ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES REQUIRED.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an analysis of alternatives regarding covered vessels with an integrated offensive weapon system and the most appropriate surface vessels to meet applicable offensive military requirements.
(2) CONTENTS.—The analysis submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following elements:
(A) Identification of capability needs applicable to such covered vessels, including offensive strike capability and capacity from the Mark–41 vertical launch system.
(B) Projected threats.
(C) Projected operational environments.
(D) Projected operational concepts.
(E) Projected operational requirements.
(F) Status quo (baseline) and surface vessel alternatives able to meet the capability needs identified in subparagraph (A), including—
(i) modified naval vessel designs, including amphibious ships, expeditionary fast transports, and expeditionary sea bases;
(ii) modified commercial vessel designs, including container ships and bulk carriers;
(iii) new naval vessel designs; and
(iv) new commercial vessel designs.
(G) Vessel design, performance, and measures of effectiveness of the baseline and each alternative, including a description of critical mission, hull, mechanical, and electrical subsystems.
(H) Estimated research, development, test, and evaluation cost of baseline and each alternative.
(I) Estimated lead vessel and average follow-on vessel procurement costs of baseline and each alternative.
(J) Life-cycle costs of baseline and each alternative.