134 STAT. 4098                                 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

    ‘‘(11) ANNUAL REPORTS.—The Director shall annually 
    submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-
    mental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland 
    Security of the House of Representatives a report (which may 
    include a classified annex but with the presumption of declas-
    sification) on the use of subpoenas issued pursuant to this 
    subsection, which shall include the following:
    ‘‘(A) A discussion of the following:
    ‘‘(i) The effectiveness of the use of such subpoenas 
    to mitigate critical infrastructure security 
    vulnerabilities.
    ‘‘(ii) The critical infrastructure security risk assess-
    ment process conducted for subpoenas issued under 
    this subsection.
    ‘‘(iii) The number of subpoenas so issued during 
    the preceding year.
    ‘‘(iv) To the extent practicable, the number of 
    vulnerable covered devices or systems mitigated under 
    this subsection by the Agency during the preceding 
    year.
    ‘‘(v) The number of entities notified by the Director 
    under this subsection, and their responses, during the 
    preceding year.
    ‘‘(B) For each subpoena issued pursuant to this sub-
    section, the following:
    ‘‘(i) Information relating to the source of the secu-
    rity vulnerability detected, identified, or received by 
    the Director.
    ‘‘(ii) Information relating to the steps taken to 
    identify the entity at risk prior to issuing the subpoena.
    ‘‘(iii) A description of the outcome of the subpoena, 
    including discussion on the resolution or mitigation 
    of the critical infrastructure security vulnerability.
    ‘‘(12) PUBLICATION OF THE ANNUAL REPORTS.—The Director 
    shall publish a version of the annual report required under 
    paragraph (11) on the website of the Agency, which shall, 
    at a minimum, include the findings described in clauses (iii), 
    (iv), and (v) of subparagraph (A) of such paragraph.
    ‘‘(13) PROHIBITION ON USE OF INFORMATION FOR UNAUTHOR-
    IZED PURPOSES.—Any information obtained pursuant to a sub-
    poena issued under this subsection may not be provided to 
    any other Federal department or agency for any purpose other 
    than a cybersecurity purpose or for the purpose of enforcing 
    a subpoena issued pursuant to this subsection.’’.
    (b) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.—
    (1) PROHIBITION ON NEW REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—Nothing 
    in this section or the amendments made by this section may 
    be construed to grant the Secretary of Homeland Security, 
    or the head of any other Federal agency or department, 
    any authority to promulgate regulations or set standards 
    relating to the cybersecurity of private sector critical infrastruc-
    ture that was not in effect on the day before the date of 
    the enactment of this Act.
    (2) PRIVATE ENTITIES.—Nothing in this section or the 
    amendments made by this section may be construed to require 
    any private entity to—