134 STAT. 3522          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

       (B) are located within 20 miles of public or private 
refueling or recharging stations.
             (2) AIR FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER.—One of the facilities 
or installations selected under paragraph (1) shall be an Air 
Force Logistics Center.
       (c) ALTERNATIVE FUEL VEHICLE DEFINED.—In this section, the 
term “alternative fuel vehicle” includes a vehicle that uses—
             (1) a fuel or power source described in the first sentence 
of section 241(2)of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7581(2)); or 
             (2) propane.

10 USC 221 note. 
 SEC. 322. BUDGETING OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RELATING TO 
                       OPERATIONAL ENERGY IMPROVEMENT.
        The Secretary of Defense shall include in the annual budget 
submission of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United 
States Code, a dedicated budget line item for fielding operational 
energy improvements, including such improvements for which funds 
from the Operational Energy Capability Improvement Fund have 
been expended to create the operational and business case for 
broader employment. 


SEC. 323. ASSESSMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OPERATIONAL 
                                     ENERGY USAGE.
Deadline. 
Contracts. 
       (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter 
into an agreement with a federally funded research and develop‐
ment center with relevant expertise under which such center shall 
conduct an assessment of Department of Defense operational energy 
usage, including an agency-wide view and breakdowns of progress 
by service branch. 
Analyses. 
       (b) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required under subsection (a) 
shall include—
              (1) an analysis of the extent to which the Department 
of Defense developed an integrated operational energy strategy 
and the extent to which each of the military departments 
has implemented such strategy;
              (2) an analysis of the viability of implementing net zero 
initiatives within the operational energy enterprise without 
negatively impacting mission capability; 
               (3) an analysis of ways to overcome contested logistics 
challenges such as the tyranny of distance within the United 
States Indo-Pacific Command, including—
Strategies. 
                     (A) strategies to improve the energy production, stor‐
age, and distribution system that enhance logistics supply 
chain resiliency; and 
                     (B) ways to reduce the demand for resupply to decrease 
the strain on the logistics supply chain; and 
               (4) an analysis of the integration between energy offices 
with program offices, budget, and operational planners within 
the Department of Defense and military departments, and rec‐
ommendations for improving coordination. 
Classified 
information. 
         (c) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required under this section 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified 
annex.