134 STAT. 3554          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                 (1) assess the cost of renaming or removing names, symbols,
                            displays, monuments, or paraphernalia that commemorate the
                            Confederate States of America or any person who served volun-
                            tarily with the Confederate States of America;
                                 (2) develop procedures and criteria to assess whether an
                            existing name, symbol, monument, display, or paraphernalia
                            commemorates the Confederate States of America or person
                            who served voluntarily with the Confederate States of America;
                                 (3) recommend procedures for renaming assets of the
                            Department of Defense to prevent commemoration of the
                            Confederate States of America or any person who served volun-
                            tarily with the Confederate States of America;
                                 (4) develop a plan to remove names, symbols, displays,
                            monuments, or paraphernalia that commemorate the Confed-
                            erate States of America or any person who served voluntarily
                            with the Confederate States of America from assets of the
                            Department of Defense, within the timeline established by this
                            Act; and
                                 (5) include in the plan procedures and criteria for collecting
                            and incorporating local sensitivities associated with naming
                            or renaming of assets of the Department of Defense.
          Appointments.           (d) MEMBERSHIP.—The Commission shall be composed of eight
                            members, of whom—
                                 (1) four shall be appointed by the Secretary of Defense;
                                 (2) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Com-
                            mittee on Armed Services of the Senate;
                                 (3) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of
                            the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate;
                                 (4) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Com-
                            mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives;
                            and
                                 (5) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of
                            the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-
                            tives.
          Deadline.               (e) APPOINTMENT.—Members of the Commission shall be
                            appointed not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment
                            of this Act.
          Deadline.               (f) INITIAL MEETING.—The Commission shall hold its initial
                            meeting on the date that is 60 days after the enactment of this
                            Act.
          Deadline.               (g) BRIEFINGS AND REPORTS.—Not later than October 1, 2021,
                            the Commission shall brief the Committees on Armed Services
                            of the Senate and House of Representatives detailing the progress
                            of the requirements under subsection (c). Not later than October
                            1, 2022, and not later than 90 days before the implementation
                            of the plan in subsection (c)(4), the Commission shall present a
                            briefing and written report detailing the results of the requirements
                            under subsection (c), including:
                                  (1) a list of assets to be removed or renamed.
                                  (2) Costs associated with the removal or renaming of assets
                            in subsection (g)(1).
                                  (3) Criteria and requirements used to nominate and rename
                            assets in subsection (g)(1).
                                  (4) Methods of collecting and incorporating local sensitiv-
                            ities associated with the removal or renaming of assets in sub-
                            section (g)(1).
                                  (h) FUNDING.—