134 STAT. 4618             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                               “(B) incorporate Federal information system security
       controls for high-impact systems, excluding national secu-
       rity systems, consistent with applicable law to prevent
       the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of
       information that may have a severe or catastrophic adverse
       effect.

                      “(9) REPORT BY THE SECRETARY.—Not later than 1 year
       Time period.
          after the effective date of the regulations prescribed under
          this subsection, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the Sec-
          retary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on
          Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the
          Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representa-
          tives a report, which—

                               “(A) may include a classified annex; and
       Classified
       information.
                               “(B) shall, with respect to each request submitted
             under paragraph (2)(B)(ii)(II) during the period covered by
             the report, and consistent with protocols established by
             the Secretary that are necessary to protect law enforcement
             sensitive, tax-related, or classified information, include—
                                       “(i) the date on which the request was submitted;
                                       “(ii) the source of the request;
                                       “(iii) whether the request was accepted or rejected
                 or is pending; and
                                       “(iv) a general description of the basis for rejecting
                 the such request, if applicable.
          Deadline.
                      “(10) AUDIT BY THE COMPTROLLER GENERAL.—Not later than
       Time period.
          1 year after the effective date of the regulations prescribed
          under this subsection, and annually thereafter for 6 years,
          the Comptroller General of the United States shall—

                               “(A) audit the procedures and safeguards established
             by the Secretary of the Treasury under those regulations,
             including duties for verification of requestor agencies sys-
             tems and adherence to the protocols established under
             this subsection, to determine whether such safeguards and
             procedures meet the requirements of this subsection and
             that the Department of the Treasury is using beneficial
             ownership information appropriately in a manner con-
             sistent with this subsection; and
                               “(B) submit to the Secretary of the Treasury, the Com-
             mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the
             Senate, and the Committee on Financial Services of the
             House of Representatives a report that contains the
             findings and determinations with respect to any audit con-
             ducted under this paragraph.
          Deadlines.
                      “(11) DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY TESTIMONY.—
       Time period.
                               “(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 31 of each
             year for 5 years beginning in 2022, the Director shall
             be made available to testify before the Committee on
             Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and
             the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-
             resentatives, or an appropriate subcommittee thereof,
             regarding FinCEN issues, including, specifically, issues
             relating to—
                                       “(i) anticipated plans, goals, and resources nec-
                 essary for operations of FinCEN in implementing the
                 requirements of the Anti-Money Laundering Act of
                 2020 and the amendments made by that Act;
