PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4061

year 2021 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or
expended for the following, and the Department may not otherwise
take any action to do the following:
(1) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the responsiveness or
alert level of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United
States.
(2) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the quantity of deployed
intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States to a
number less than 400.
(b) EXCEPTION.—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not
apply to any of the following activities:
(1) The maintenance or sustainment of intercontinental
ballistic missiles.
(2) Ensuring the safety, security, or reliability of interconti-
nental ballistic missiles.

Subtitle D—Missile Defense Programs
SEC. 1641. ALIGNMENT OF THE MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY WITHIN
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.
(a) REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR REPORTING STRUCTURE OF
MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY.—Section 205 of title 10, United States
Code, is amended to read as follows:
‘‘§ 205. Missile Defense Agency
‘‘The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall be appointed
for a six-year term.’’.
(b) REPORT ON ALIGNMENT.—Not later than February 28, 2021,
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense
committees a report on the alignment of the Missile Defense Agency
within the Department of Defense. The report shall include—
(1) a description of the risks and benefits of both—
(A) continuing the alignment of the Agency under the
authority, direction, and control of the Under Secretary
of Defense for Research and Engineering; and
(B) realigning the Agency to be under the authority,
direction, and control of the Under Secretary of Defense
for Acquisition and Sustainment; and
(2) if the Agency were to be realigned, the actions that
would need to be taken to realign the Agency to be under
the authority, direction, and control of the Under Secretary
of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment or another element
of the Department of Defense.
(c) NOTICE AND WAIT REQUIREMENT TO MODIFY CERTAIN
DODI.—The Secretary of Defense may not modify Department of
Defense Directive 5134.09, as in effect on the date of the enactment
of this Act, unless—
(1) the Secretary submits to the congressional defense
committees a final draft of the proposed modified directive,
both in an electronic format and in a hard copy format;
(2) the Secretary provides to such committees a briefing
to describe the modifications made in the proposed modified
directive; and
(3) a period of 60 days has elapsed following the date
on which the Secretary has carried out both paragraphs (1)
and (2).