PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021             134 STAT. 4835

foreign financial institution), that come within the United States, or that come within the possession or control of any United States person;
(2) the forfeiture of stolen assets in an account at a U.S. financial institution (including a U.S. branch of a foreign financial institution), that come within the United States, or that come within the possession or control of any United States person; or
(3) where appropriate, the repatriation of stolen assets in an account at a U.S. financial institution (including a U.S. branch of a foreign financial institution), that come within the United States, or that come within the possession or control of any United States person.
(c) PROCEDURES.—To ensure that the payment of rewards pursuant to this section does not duplicate or interfere with any other payment authorized by the Department of Justice or other Federal agencies for the obtaining of information or other evidence, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, and the heads of such other agencies as the Secretary may find appropriate, shall establish procedures for the offering, administration, and payment of rewards under this section, including procedures for—
(1) identifying actions with respect to which rewards will be offered;
(2) the receipt and analysis of data; and
(3) the payment of rewards and approval of such payments.
(d) PAYMENT OF REWARDS.—
(1) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—For the purpose of paying rewards pursuant to this section, there is authorized to be appropriated—
(A) $450,000 for fiscal year 2021; and
(B) for each fiscal year, any amount, not to exceed the amount recovered during the fiscal year in stolen assets described under subsection (b), that the Secretary determines is necessary to carry out this program consistent with this section.
(2) LIMITATION ON ANNUAL PAYMENTS.—Except as provided under paragraph (3), the total amount of rewards paid pursuant to this section may not exceed $25 million in any calendar year.
(3) PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY.—The President may waive the limitation under paragraph (2) with respect to a calendar year if the President provides written notice of such waiver to the appropriate committees of the Congress at least 30 days before any payment in excess of such limitation is made pursuant to this section.
(4) PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS.—In paying any reward under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent possible, make such reward payment—
(A) first, from appropriated funds authorized under paragraph (1)(A); and
(B) second, from appropriated funds authorized under paragraph (1)(B).
(e) LIMITATIONS.—