134 STAT. 4348          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(2) DEPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary of the Army shall deposit the cash payment received under paragraph (1) in the special account in the Treasury established for that Secretary under section 2667(e) of title 10, United States Code. The entire amount deposited shall be available for use in accordance with paragraph (1)(C) of such section. Paragraph (1)(D) of such section shall not apply to the entire amount deposited.
(c) REVERSIONARY INTEREST.—
(1) INTEREST RETAINED.—If the Secretary of the Army determines at any time that the property conveyed to the University under subsection (a)(2) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title, and interest in and to the conveyed property, including any improvements thereon, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto the property. A determination by the Secretary under this subsection shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing.
(2) ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION OPTION.—In lieu of exercising the reversionary interest retained under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Army may accept an offer by the University to pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the fair market value of the property conveyed under subsection (a)(2), excluding the value of any improvements or facilities that are or were constructed without Federal funds after the date the conveyance is completed, as determined by the Secretary. Subsection (b)(2) shall apply to any cash payment received by the Secretary under this paragraph.
(d) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE.—
(1) CONVEYANCE TO CITY.—The Secretary of the Army shall require the City to pay costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance authorized by subsection (a)(1), including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the conveyance, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance.
(2) CONVEYANCE TO UNIVERSITY.—The Secretary shall require the University to pay costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance authorized by subsection (a)(2), including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the conveyance, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance.
(3) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED.—Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to pay the cost incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyances under subsection (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations of that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account.