PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(6) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate;
(7) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate;
(8) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and
(9) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.

SEC. 1641. REPORT AND STRATEGY ON SPACE COMPETITION WITH CHINA.

(a) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the National Space Council shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an interagency assessment of the ability of the United States to compete with the space programs of China.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following—
(A) A comparative assessment between the United States and China on—
(i) human exploration and spaceflight capabilities;
(ii) the viability and potential environmental impacts of extraction of space-based precious minerals, onsite exploitation of space-based natural resources, and the use of space-based solar power;
(iii) the strategic interest in and capabilities for cislunar space; and
(iv) current and future space launch capabilities.
(B) The extent of foreign investment in the commercial space sector of the United States, including venture capital and other private equity investments that seek to work with the Federal Government, and a description of due diligence reviews of such investments conducted by the Federal Government to mitigate threats by China.
(C) An assessment of the ability, role, costs, and authorities of the Department of Defense to mitigate the threats of commercial communications and navigation in space from the growing counterspace capabilities of China.
(D) An assessment of how the activities of China are impacting the national security of the United States with respect to space, including—
(i) theft of United States intellectual property; and
(ii) efforts by China to seize control of critical elements of the United States space industry supply chain and United States space industry companies.
(E) An assessment of efforts by China to pursue cooperative agreements with other nations to advance space development.
(F) Recommendations to Congress, including recommendations with respect to any legislative proposals to address threats by China to the United States national space programs and the domestic commercial launch and satellite industries.
(3) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.

(b) STRATEGY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date on which the National Space Council submits the report under