134 STAT. 4526             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) modifying any authority or responsibility, including any operational authority or responsibility of any head of a Federal department or agency, with respect to intelligence or the intelligence community, as those terms are defined in 50 U.S.C. 3003;
(2) authorizing the Initiative, or anyone associated with its derivative efforts to approve, interfere with, direct or to conduct an intelligence activity, resource, or operation; or
(3) authorizing the Initiative, or anyone associated with its derivative efforts to modify the classification of intelligence information.
(e) SUNSET.—The Initiative established in this division shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act.

15 USC 9412.
SEC. 5102. NATIONAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE INITIATIVE OFFICE.
 (a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish or designate, and appoint a director of, an office to be known as the ‘‘National Artificial Intelligence Initiative Office’’ to carry out the responsibilities described in subsection (b) with respect to the Initiative. The Initiative Office shall have sufficient staff to carry out such responsibilities, including staff detailed from the Federal departments and agencies described in section 5103(c), as appropriate.
    (b) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Director of the Initiative Office shall—
         (1) provide technical and administrative support to the Interagency Committee and the Advisory Committee;
         (2) serve as the point of contact on Federal artificial intelligence activities for Federal departments and agencies, industry, academia, nonprofit organizations, professional societies, State governments, and such other persons as the Initiative Office considers appropriate to exchange technical and programmatic information;
         (3) conduct regular public outreach to diverse stakeholders, including civil rights and disability rights organizations; and
         (4) promote access to the technologies, innovations, best practices, and expertise derived from Initiative activities to agency missions and systems across the Federal Government.
    (c) FUNDING ESTIMATE.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in coordination with each participating Federal department and agency, as appropriate, shall develop and annually update an estimate of the funds necessary to carry out the activities of the Initiative Coordination Office and submit such estimate with an agreed summary of contributions from each agency to Congress as part of the President’s annual budget request to Congress.

15 USC 9413. 
SEC. 5103. COORDINATION BY INTERAGENCY COMMITTEE.
    (a) INTERAGENCY COMMITTEE.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, acting through the National Science and Technology Council, shall establish or designate an Interagency Committee to coordinate Federal programs and activities in support of the Initiative.
    (b) CO-CHAIRS.—The Interagency Committee shall be co-chaired by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy 

