134 STAT. 4626           PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

                        

(2) in paragraph (4), by inserting “under paragraph (7)” after “funds disgorged”; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
        “(7) DISGORGEMENT.—In any action or proceeding brought 
        by the Commission under any provision of the securities laws,     
        the Commission may seek, and any Federal court may order,     
        disgorgement.

Deadlines.


        “(8) LIMITATIONS PERIODS.—
                “(A) DISGORGEMENT.—The Commission may bring a         
                claim for disgorgement under paragraph (7)—
                        “(i) not later than 5 years after the latest date       
                        of the violation that gives rise to the action or pro-     
                        ceeding in which the Commission seeks the claim         
                        occurs; or
                        “(ii) not later than 10 years after the latest date            
                        of the violation that gives rise to the action or pro-     
                        ceeding in which the Commission seeks the claim if     
                        the violation involves conduct that violates—
                                 “(I) section 10(b);
                                 “(II) section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act of 
                                 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q(a)(1));
                                 “(III) section 206(1) of the Investment Advisers 
                                 Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–6(1)); or 
                                 “(IV) any other provision of the securities laws      
                                 for which scienter must be established.
                “(B) EQUITABLE REMEDIES.—The Commission may seek         
                a claim for any equitable remedy, including for an injunc-     
                tion or for a bar, suspension, or cease and desist order,                    
                not later than 10 years after the latest date on which    
                a violation that gives rise to the claim occurs.
                “(C) CALCULATION.—For the purposes of calculating 
                any limitations period under this paragraph with respect         
                to an action or claim, any time in which the person against            
                which the action or claim, as applicable, is brought is    
                outside of the United States shall not count towards the         
                accrual of that period.
        “(9) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in paragraph (7)     
        may be construed as altering any right that any private party        
        may have to maintain a suit for a violation of this Act.”.
        
Effective date.         
15 USC 78u note.


        (b) APPLICABILITY.—The amendments made by subsection (a)     
        shall apply with respect to any action or proceeding that is pending     
        on, or commenced on or after, the date of enactment of this Act.

SEC. 6502. GAO AND TREASURY STUDIES ON BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 
               INFORMATION REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.

Assessments.

        (a) EFFECTIVENESS OF INCORPORATION PRACTICES STUDY.—Not     
        later than 2 years after the effective date of the regulations promul-       
        gated under section 5336(b)(4) of title 31, United States Code,     
        as added by section 6403(a) of this division, the Comptroller General    
        of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to Congress     
        a report assessing the effectiveness of incorporation practices imple-     
        mented under this division, and the amendments made by this       
        division, in—
                (1) providing national security, intelligence, and law     
                enforcement agencies with prompt access to reliable, useful,     
                and complete beneficial ownership information; and