134 STAT. 3398                   PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Sec. 757. Study on force mix options and service models to enhance readiness of medical force of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 758. Report on billing practices for health care from Department of Defense.

Subtitle E—Mental Health Services From Department of Veterans Affairs for Members of Reserve Components

Sec. 761. Short title.
Sec. 762. Expansion of eligibility for readjustment counseling and related outpatient services from Department of Veterans Affairs to include members of reserve components of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 763. Provision of mental health services from Department of Veterans Affairs to members of reserve components of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 764. Inclusion of members of reserve components in mental health programs of Department of Veterans Affairs.
Sec. 765. Report on mental health and related services provided by Department of Veterans Affairs to members of the Armed Forces.

TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS

Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management

Sec. 801. Report on acquisition risk assessment and mitigation as part of Adaptive Acquisition Framework implementation.
Sec. 802. Improving planning, execution, and oversight of life cycle sustainment activities.
Sec. 803. Disclosures for offerors for certain shipbuilding major defense acquisition program contracts.
Sec. 804. Implementation of modular open systems approaches.
Sec. 805. Congressional notification of termination of a middle tier acquisition programs.
Sec. 806. Definition of material weakness for contractor business systems.
Sec. 807. Space system acquisition and the adaptive acquisition framework.
Sec. 808. Acquisition authority of the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Sec. 809. Assessments of the process for developing capability requirements for Department of Defense acquisition programs.

Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations

Sec. 811. Sustainment reform for the Department of Defense.
Sec. 812. Inclusion of software in Government performance of acquisition functions.
Sec. 813. Modifications to Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and related initiatives.
Sec. 814. Cost or pricing data reporting requirements for Department of Defense contracts.
Sec. 815. Prompt payment of contractors.
Sec. 816. Documentation pertaining to commercial item determinations.
Sec. 817. Modification to small purchase threshold exception to sourcing requirements for certain articles.
Sec. 818. Repeal of program for qualified apprentices for military construction contracts.
Sec. 819. Modifications to mitigating risks related to foreign ownership, control, or influence of Department of Defense contractors and subcontractors.
Sec. 820. Contract closeout authority for services contracts.
Sec. 821. Revision of proof required when using an evaluation factor for employing or subcontracting with members of the Selected Reserve.

Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Software and Technology

Sec. 831. Contract authority for development and demonstration of initial or additional prototype units.
Sec. 832. Extension of pilot program for streamlined awards for innovative technology programs.
Sec. 833. Listing of other transaction authority consortia.
Sec. 834. Pilot program on the use of consumption-based solutions to address software-intensive warfighting capability.
Sec. 835. Balancing security and innovation in software development and acquisition.
Sec. 836. Digital modernization of analytical and decision-support processes for managing and overseeing Department of Defense acquisition programs.
Sec. 837. Safeguarding defense-sensitive United States intellectual property, technology, and other data and information.