134 STAT. 4018           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

technologies are as secure, transparent, and accessible as pos-
sible, and require that any such tools, components, code, or
technology supported by the Open Technology Fund remain
fully open-source, to the extent practicable;
	‘‘(2) support technologies that undergo comprehensive secu-
rity audits to ensure that such technologies are secure and
have not been compromised in a manner detrimental to the
interest of the United States or to individuals and organizations
benefitting from programs supported by the Open Technology
Fund;
	Review.
	‘(3) review and update periodically as necessary security
Update.
auditing procedures used by the Open Technology Fund to
reflect current industry security standards;
	‘(4) establish safeguards to mitigate the use of such supported technologies for illicit purposes;
	‘(5) solicit project proposals through an open, transparent,
and competitive application process to attract innovative
applications and reduce barriers to entry;
	‘(6) seek input from technical, regional, and subject matter
experts from a wide range of relevant disciplines, to review,
provide feedback, and evaluate proposals to ensure the most
competitive projects are funded;
	Review.
	‘‘(7) implement an independent review process, through
which proposals are reviewed by such experts to ensure the
highest degree of technical review and due diligence;
	‘‘(8) maximize cooperation with the public and private sec-
tors, as well as foreign allies and partner countries, to maximize
efficiencies and eliminate duplication of efforts; and
	‘‘(9) utilize any other methodology approved by the United
States Agency for Global Media in furtherance of the mission
of the Open Technology Fund.
Contracts.
	‘‘(d) GRANT AGREEMENT.—Any grant agreement with or grants
made to the Open Technology Fund under this section shall be
subject to the following limitations and restrictions:
		‘‘(1) The headquarters of the Open Technology Fund and
its senior administrative and managerial staff shall be located
in a location which ensures economy, operational effectiveness,
and accountability to the United States Agency for Global
Media.
		‘‘(2) Grants awarded under this section shall be made
pursuant to a grant agreement which requires that grant funds
be used only for activities consistent with this section, and
that failure to comply with such requirements shall permit
the grant to be terminated without fiscal obligation to the
United States.
		‘‘(3) Any grant agreement under this section shall require
that any contract entered into by the Open Technology Fund
shall specify that all obligations are assumed by the grantee
and not by the United States Government.
		‘‘(4) Any grant agreement under this section shall require
that any lease agreements entered into by the Open Technology
Fund shall be, to the maximum extent possible, assignable
to the United States Government.
		‘‘(5) Administrative and managerial costs for operation of
the Open Technology Fund should be kept to a minimum and,
to the maximum extent feasible, should not exceed the costs