134 STAT. 3608          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) The term "Armed Forces" has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, except such term does not include the Coast Guard.

(2) The term "military service academy" means the following:
(A) The United States Military Academy.
(B) The United States Naval Academy.
(C) The United States Air Force Academy.

(3) The term "minor collateral misconduct" means any minor misconduct that is potentially punishable under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that—
(A) is committed close in time to or during the sexual assault, and directly related to the incident that formed the basis of the sexual assault allegation;
(B) is discovered as a direct result of the report of sexual assault or the ensuing investigation into the sexual assault; and
(C) does not involve aggravating circumstances (as specified in the regulations prescribed under subsection (c)) that increase the gravity of the minor misconduct or its impact on good order and discipline.

10 USC 1561 note.
SEC. 539B. ACCOUNTABILITY OF LEADERSHIP OF THE DEPARTMENT
       OF DEFENSE FOR DISCHARGING THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
       POLICIES AND PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT.
(a) STRATEGY ON HOLDING LEADERSHIP ACCOUNTABLE REQUIRED.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement Department of Defense-wide a strategy to hold individuals in positions of leadership in the Department (including members of the Armed Forces and civilians) accountable for the promotion, support, and enforcement of the policies and programs of the Department on sexual harassment.
(b) OVERSIGHT FRAMEWORK.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The strategy required by subsection (a) shall provide for an oversight framework for the efforts of the Department of Defense to promote, support, and enforce the policies and programs of the Department on sexual harassment.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The oversight framework required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) Long-term goals, objectives, and milestones in connection with the policies and programs of the Department on sexual harassment.
(B) Strategies to achieve the goals, objectives, and milestones referred to in subparagraph (A).
(C) Criteria for assessing progress toward the achievement of the goals, objectives, and milestones referred to in subparagraph (A).
(D) Criteria for assessing the effectiveness of the policies and programs of the Department on sexual harassment.
(E) Mechanisms to ensure that adequate resources are available to the Office of the Secretary of Defense to develop and discharge the oversight framework.
(c) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to