134 STAT. 4848                    PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Determination.
	(A) finance the construction, expansion, or modernization of a facility or equipment to be used for semiconductors described in paragraph (1), as documented in the application submitted by the covered entity under paragraph (2)(B), as determined necessary by the Secretary for purposes relating to the national security and economic competitiveness of the United States;
	(B) support workforce development for a facility described in subparagraph (A);
	(C) support site development and modernization for a facility described in subparagraph (A); and
	(D) pay reasonable costs related to the operating expenses for a facility described in subparagraph (A), including specialized workforce, essential materials, and complex equipment maintenance, as determined by the Secretary.
(5) CLAWBACK.—
	(A) TARGET DATES.—For all major awards to covered entities, the Secretary shall—
		(i) determine target dates by which a project shall commence and complete; and
		(ii) set these dates by the time of award.
	(B) PROGRESSIVE RECOVERY FOR DELAYS.—If the project does not commence and complete by the set target dates in (A), the Secretary shall progressively recover up to the full amount of an award provided to a covered entity under this subsection.
	(C) TECHNOLOGY CLAWBACK.—The Secretary shall recover the full amount of an award provided to a covered entity under this subsection if, during the applicable term with respect to the award, the covered entity knowingly engages in any joint research or technology licensing effort—
		(i) with a foreign entity of concern; or
			(ii) that relates to a technology or product that raises national security concerns, as determined by the Secretary and communicated to the covered entity before engaging in such joint research or technology licensing.
	(D) WAIVER.—In the case of delayed projects, the Secretary may waive elements of the clawback provisions incorporated in each major award after—
		(i) making a formal determination that circumstances beyond the ability of the covered entity to foresee or control are responsible for delays; and
		(ii) submitting congressional notification.
	(E) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION.—The Secretary shall notify appropriate committees of Congress—
		(i) of the clawback provisions attending each such major award; and
		(ii) of any waivers provided, not later than 15 days after the date on which such a waiver was provided.
	(b) COORDINATION REQUIRED.—In carrying out the program established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary

Determination.
Deadline.