134 STAT. 3960

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

anti-armor, air defense, undersea warfare, advanced command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, and resilient command and control capabilities;
(B) ensuring timely review of and response to requests of Taiwan for defense articles and services;
(C) conducting practical training and military exercises with Taiwan that enable Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-defense capability;
(D) examining the potential for expanding professional military education and technical training opportunities in the United States for military personnel of Taiwan;
(E) increasing exchanges between senior defense officials and general officers of the United States and Taiwan at the strategic, policy, and functional levels, consistent with the Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135; 132 Stat. 341), especially for the purposes of—
(i) enhancing cooperation on defense planning;
(ii) improving the interoperability of the military forces of the United States and Taiwan; and
(iii) improving the reserve force of Taiwan; and
(F) expanding cooperation in humanitarian assistance and disaster relief;
(2) the Secretary of State should ensure that any policy guidance related to United States-Taiwan relations is fully consistent with the statement of policy set forth in subsection (a); and
(3) the Secretary of Defense should ensure that policy guidance related to United States-Taiwan defense relations is fully consistent with the statement of policy set forth in subsection (a); and
(4) the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other Federal agencies and departments, as appropriate, should issue new guidance as required to carry out such policy.

SEC. 1260A. ANNUAL BRIEFING ON TAIWAN ARMS SALES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State, or his or her designee, shall brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on the United States commitment to supporting Taiwan in maintaining a sufficient self-defense capability, as required by the Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and affirmed in the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018 (22 U.S.C. 3301 note).
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A description of United States efforts to implement section 209(b) of the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018 (22 U.S.C. 3301 note) by conducting regular transfers to Taiwan of defense articles tailored to meet the existing and likely future threats from the People’s Republic of China, including any effort to support Taiwan in the development and integration into its military forces of asymmetric capabilities, as appropriate, including mobile, survivable, and cost-effective capabilities.