PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                134 STAT. 3525

SEC. 326. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ACQUISITION OF FUR-
NISHED ENERGY FOR RHINE ORDNANCE BARRACKS ARMY
MEDICAL CENTER.

None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act
or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2021 for the Department
of Defense may be used to enter into a contract for the acquisition
of furnished energy for the new Rhine Ordnance Barracks Army
Medical Center (hereafter referred to as the “Medical Center”)
before the date on which Secretary of Defense submits to the
congressional defense committees a written certification that the
Medical Center does not use any energy sourced from inside the
Russian Federation as a means of generating the furnished energy.
SEC. 327. REQUIREMENT TO UPDATE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
ADAPTATION ROADMAP.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 1, 2022, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services
of the Senate and House of Representatives an update to the
Department of Defense 2014 Adaptation Roadmap. Such update
shall include an outline of the strategy and implementation plan
of the Department to address the current and foreseeable effects
of extreme weather and sea level fluctuations on the mission of
the Department of Defense.
(b) ELEMENTS OF STRATEGY AND IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—The
strategy and implementation plan required to be included in the
update under subsection (a) shall include—
(1) a description of the overarching approach of the Depart-
ment to extreme weather, sea level fluctuations, and associated
mitigation measures; and
(2) a discussion of the current and foreseeable effects of
extreme weather and seal level fluctuations on—
(A) plans and operations, including—
(i) military readiness;
(ii) increased frequency, if any, of extreme weather
events, including flooding, drought, desertification,
wildfires, thawing permafrost, hurricanes, and extreme
heat;
(iii) geopolitical instability, if any, caused by cli-
mate events, including extreme weather;
(iv) increased demand, if any for Defense Support
for Civil Authorities and disaster or humanitarian
relief operations;
(v) the operating environment of the Arctic and
of the strategic and geopolitical implications of an ice-
free Arctic Ocean; and
(vi) alteration or limitation on operation environ-
ments;
(B) training and testing, including—
(i) changes in land carrying capacity;
(ii) increased maintenance and repair require-
ments for equipment and infrastructure;
(iii) mitigation of heat stress and heat-related ill-
nesses resulting from increasing temperatures;
(iv) increased dust generation and fire hazards;
and