PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 4389

(1) The Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) was enacted in 1990 to provide monetary compensation to individuals who contracted certain cancers and other serious diseases following their exposure to radiation released during atmospheric nuclear weapons testing during the Cold War or following exposure to radiation as a result of employment in the uranium industry during the Cold War.
(2) The Radiation Exposure Compensation Act expires on July 9, 2022. Unless that Act is extended, individuals who contract certain cancers and other serious diseases because of events described in paragraph (1) may be unable to claim compensation for such diseases.
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should continue to appropriately compensate and recognize the individuals described in subsection (a).


Subtitle F—Budget and Financial Management Matters

SEC. 3151. REPORTS ON FINANCIAL BALANCES FOR ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 4732 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2772) is amended to read as follows:
‘‘SEC. 4732. REPORTS ON FINANCIAL BALANCES FOR ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES.
‘‘(a) REPORTS REQUIRED.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Concurrent with the submission of budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year (submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the financial balances for each atomic energy defense program.
‘‘(2) PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION.—In each report required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall—
‘‘(A) present information on the financial balances for each atomic energy defense program at the budget control levels used in the report accompanying the most current Act appropriating funds for energy and water development; and
‘‘(B) present financial balances in connection with funding under recurring DOE national security authorizations (as defined in section 4701) separately from balances in connection with funding under any other provision of law.
‘‘(b) ELEMENTS.—
‘‘(1) FORMAT.—Each report required by subsection (a) shall—
‘‘(A) be divided into two parts, as specified in paragraphs (2) and (3); and
‘‘(B) set forth the information required by those paragraphs in summary form and by fiscal year.