134 STAT. 3866       PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                               (1) Modernization of covered materials, including the fol-
                           lowing:

                                     (A) Updating the format of such materials in order 
					     			     to account for significant improvements in document
                                     management and data visualization.

                                     (B) Expanding the scope and quality of data included
					                     in such materials.

                               (2) Streamlining of the production of covered materials
                           within the Department of Defense.

                               (3) Transmission of covered materials to Congress.

                               (4) Availability of adequate resources and capabilities to
                           permit the Department to integrate changes to covered mate-
                           rials together with its submittal of current covered materials.

                               (5) Promotion of the flow between the Department and
                           the congressional defense committees of other information
                           required by Congress for its oversight of budgeting for the
                           Department and the future-years defense programs.
                      (b) COVERED MATERIALS DEFINED.—In this section, the term
                  ‘‘covered materials’’ means the following:
                               (1) Materials submitted in support of the budget of the
                           President for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31,
                           United States Code.

                               (2) Materials submitted in connection with the future-years
                           defense program for a fiscal year under section 221 of title
                           10, United States Code.

     SEC. 1076. QUARTERLY BRIEFINGS ON JOINT ALL DOMAIN COMMAND
                          AND CONTROL EFFORT.
                      (a) IN GENERAL.—During the period beginning on October 1,
                  2021, and ending on October 1, 2024, the Vice Chairman of the
                  Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Chief Information Officer of the Depart-
                  ment of Defense, and a senior military service representative for
                  each of the Armed Forces shall provide to the Committees on
                  Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives quar-
                  terly briefings on the progress of the Department’s Joint All Domain
                  Command and Control (in this section referred to as ‘‘JADC2’’)
                  effort.
                      (b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing under subsection (a) shall
                  include, with respect to the JADC2 effort, the following elements:
                               (1) The status of the joint concept of command and control.
  
                               (2) How the JADC2 effort is identifying gaps and
                           addressing validated requirements based on the joint concept
                           of command and control.

                               (3) Progress in developing specific plans to evaluate and
                           implement materiel and non-materiel improvements to com-
                           mand and control capabilities.

                           (4) Clarification on distribution of responsibilities and
                        authorities within the Cross Functional Team, the Armed
                        Forces, and the Office of the Secretary of Defense with respect
                        to JADC2, and how the Armed Forces, the Cross Functional
                        Team, and the Office of the Secretary of Defense are synchro-
                        nizing and aligning with joint and military concepts, solutions,
                        experimentation, and exercises.
                           (5) The status of and review of any recommendations for
                        resource allocation necessary to achieve operational JADC2.