134 STAT. 4662

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) shall include information with respect to any child develop- 
ment center accessible pursuant to the pilot program under 
section 8234. 
Deadline. 
(3) ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION, PAYMENT, AND TRACKING 
SYSTEM.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Commandant shall develop and maintain an 
internet website of the Coast Guard accessible to qualified 
families to carry out the following activities: 
(A) Register children for a Coast Guard child develop- 
ment center. 
(B) Make online child care payments to a Coast Guard 
child development center. 
(C) Track the status of a child on the wait list of 
a Coast Guard child development center, including the 
placement and position of the child on the wait list. 
(b) WAIT LIST.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant shall maintain a record 
of the wait list for each Coast Guard child development center. 
Time period. 
(2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—Each record under para- 
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The total number of children of qualified families 
on the wait list. 
(B) With respect to each child on the wait list— 
(i) the age of the child; 
(ii) the number of days the child has been on 
the wait list; 
(iii) the position of the child on the wait list; 
(iv) any special needs consideration; and 
(v) information on whether a sibling of the child 
is on the wait list of, or currently enrolled in, the 
Coast Guard child development center concerned. 
Time period. 
(3) REQUIREMENT TO ARCHIVE.—Information placed in the 
record of a Coast Guard child development center under para- 
graph (1) shall be archived for a period of not less than 10 
years after the date of its placement in the record. 
14 USC 2922 
note. 
SEC. 8233. STUDY AND SURVEY ON COAST GUARD CHILD CARE NEEDS. 
Deadline. 
Time period. 
(a) STUDY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, and for each of the 2 fiscal 
years thereafter, the Commandant shall conduct a study on 
the child care needs of qualified families that incorporates— 
(A) the results of the survey under subsection (b); 
and 
(B) any other information the Commandant considers 
appropriate to ensure adequate tracking and future needs- 
based assessments with respect to adequate access to Coast 
Guard child development centers. 
(2) CONSULTATION.—In conducting a study under para- 
graph (1), the Commandant may consult a federally funded 
research and development center. 
(3) SCOPE OF DATA.—The data obtained through each study 
under paragraph (1) shall be obtained on a regional basis, 
including by Coast Guard unit, sector, and district. 
(b) SURVEY.—