134 STAT. 3432            PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

      (c) PROHIBITION ON RETIREMENT OF KC–135 AIRCRAFT.—Except 
as provided in subsection (e), during the period beginning on the 
date of the enactment of this Act and ending on October 1, 2023, 
the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, or prepare to retire, 
any KC–135 aircraft.
      (d) KC–135 AIRCRAFT FLEET MANAGEMENT.—None of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made avail- 
able for fiscal year 2021 for the Air Force may be obligated or 
expended to reduce the number of KC–135 aircraft designated as 
primary mission aircraft inventory.
      (e) EXCEPTIONS.—
           (1) KC–10A AIRCRAFT.—The requirement in subsection (b) 
      shall not apply to an aircraft otherwise required to be main- 
      tained by that subsection if the Secretary of the Air Force 
      determines, on a case-by-case basis, that such aircraft is no 
      longer mission capable due to mishap or other damage, or 
      being uneconomical to repair.
           (2) KC–135 AIRCRAFT.—The requirement in subsection (c) 
      shall not apply to an aircraft otherwise required to be main- 
      tained by that subsection if the Secretary of the Air Force—
                (A) at any time during the period beginning on the 
           date of the enactment of this Act and ending on October 
           1, 2023, determines, on a case-by-case basis, that such 
           aircraft is no longer mission capable due to mishap or 
           other damage, or being uneconomical to repair; or
                (B) during fiscal year 2023, certifies in writing to the 
           congressional defense committees, not later than 30 days 
           before the date of divestment of such aircraft, that the 
           Air Force can meet combatant command tanker aircraft 
           requirements by leveraging Air National Guard and Air 
           Force Reserve capacity with increased Military Personnel 
           Appropriation (MPA) Man-day Tours to the reserve force.
      (f) PRIMARY MISSION AIRCRAFT INVENTORY DEFINED.—In this 
section, the term “primary mission aircraft inventory” has the 
meaning given that term in section 9062(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United 
States Code.

SEC. 136. AUTHORITY TO USE F–35A FIGHTER AIRCRAFT AT AT–1 
THROUGH AT–6.
      (a) IN GENERAL.—Subject to written approval by the Secretary 
of Defense to the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of 
the Air Force is authorized to utilize, modify, and operate the 
six F–35A aircraft designated as AT–1 through AT–6 that are 
possessed by the United Government and currently reside in long- 
term storage at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
      (b) NOTICE ON APPROVAL.—Not later than 15 days after the 
Secretary of Defense provides written approval to the Secretary 
of the Air Force as described in subsection (a), the Secretary of 
Defense shall provide a copy of the written approval to the congres- 
sional defense committees.

SEC. 137. F–35 AIRCRAFT GUN SYSTEM AMMUNITION.
      The Director of the F–35 Joint Program Office shall, in consulta- 
tion with the Secretary of the Air Force, take appropriate actions 
to ensure that any 25mm ammunition fielded for use by F–35A 
aircraft—
           (1) provides effective full-spectrum target engagement capa- 
      bility; and