PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4645

‘‘(3) As commander, 2.6 percent.
‘‘(4) As captain, 2.6 percent.’’.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis for subchapter I of chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

‘‘2130. Promotion to certain grades for officers with critical skills: captain, commander, lieutenant commander, lieutenant.’’.

SEC. 8204. CAREER INTERMISSION PROGRAM.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter I of chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
         
         ‘‘§ 2514. Career flexibility to enhance retention of members

‘‘(a) PROGRAMS AUTHORIZED.—The Commandant may carry out a program under which members of the Coast Guard may be inactivated from active duty in order to meet personal or professional needs and returned to active duty at the end of such period of inactivation from active duty.
‘‘(b) PERIOD OF INACTIVATION FROM ACTIVE DUTY; EFFECT OF INACTIVATION.—
          ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The period of inactivation from active duty under a program under this section of a member participating in the program shall be such period as the Commandant shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (c), except that such period may not exceed 3 years.
          ‘‘(2) EXCLUSION FROM YEARS OF SERVICE.—Any service by a Reserve officer while participating in a program under this section shall be excluded from computation of the total years of service of that officer pursuant to section 14706(a) of title 10.
          ‘‘(3) EXCLUSION FROM RETIREMENT.—Any period of participation of a member in a program under this section shall not count toward—
                   ‘‘(A) eligibility for retirement or transfer to the Ready Reserve under either chapter 841 or 1223 of title 10; or
                   ‘‘(B) computation of retired or retainer pay under chapter 71 or 1223 of title 10.
‘‘(c) AGREEMENT.—Each member of the Coast Guard who participates in a program under this section shall enter into a written agreement with the Commandant under which that member shall agree as follows:
          ‘‘(1) To accept an appointment or enlist, as applicable, and serve in the Coast Guard Ready Reserve during the period of the inactivation of the member from active duty under the program.
          ‘‘(2) To undergo during the period of the inactivation of the member from active duty under the program such inactive service training as the Commandant shall require in order to ensure that the member retains proficiency, at a level determined by the Commandant to be sufficient, in the military skills, professional qualifications, and physical readiness of the member during the inactivation of the member from active duty.
          ‘‘(3) Following completion of the period of the inactivation of the member from active duty under the program, to serve 2 months as a member of the Coast Guard on active duty.