134 STAT. 4858			PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(i) PROGRESS BRIEFING.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the progress of the Subcommittee in developing the strategy required under subparagraph (A).

(ii) STRATEGY UPDATE.—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Subcommittee shall update the strategy developed under subparagraph (A) and submit the revised strategy to the appropriate committees of Congress.

(4) SUNSET.—The Subcommittee shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.

(b) INDUSTRIAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE.—

(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish an advisory committee to be composed of not fewer than 12 members, including representatives of industry, federal laboratories, and academic institutions, who are qualified to provide advice to the United States Government on matters relating to microelectronics research, development, manufacturing, and policy.

(2) DUTIES.—The advisory committee shall assess and provide guidance to the United States Government on— 
    (A) science and technology needs of the nation’s domestic microelectronics industry;
    (B) the extent to which the strategy developed under subsection (a)(3) is helping maintain United States leadership in microelectronics manufacturing;
    (C) assessment of the research and development programs and activities authorized under this section; and
    (D) opportunities for new public-private partnerships to advance microelectronics research, development, and domestic manufacturing.
(3) FACA EXEMPTION.—Section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the advisory committee established under this subsection.

.

(c) NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR TECHNOLOGY CENTER.—

(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the Secretary of Commerce, in collaboration with the Secretary of Defense, shall establish a national semiconductor technology center to conduct research and prototyping of advanced semiconductor technology to strengthen the economic competitiveness and security of the domestic supply chain. Such center shall be operated as a public-private-sector consortium with participation from the private sector, the Department of Energy, and the National Science Foundation.

(2) FUNCTIONS.—The functions of the center established under paragraph (1) shall be as follows:
    (A) To conduct advanced semiconductor manufacturing, design and packaging research, and prototyping that strengthens the entire domestic ecosystem and is aligned with the strategy required under subsection (a)(3)(A) with emphasis on the following:
