PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4763

‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), with respect to a member of the Committee whom the Commission appoints to represent an entity or group—
‘‘(A) the member is authorized to represent the interests of the applicable entity or group; and
‘‘(B) requirements under Federal law that would interfere with such representation and that apply to a special Government employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18), including requirements relating to employee conduct, political activities, ethics, conflicts of interest, and corruption, do not apply to the member.
‘‘(2) EXCEPTION.—Notwithstanding subsection (b), a member of the Committee shall be treated as a special Government employee for purposes of the committee service of the member if the member, without regard to service on the Committee, is a special Government employee.
‘‘(e) SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.— ‘‘(1) SOLICITATION OF NOMINATIONS.—Before appointing an individual as a member of the Committee, the Commission shall publish a timely notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on such Committee.
‘‘(2) APPOINTMENTS.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—After considering nominations received pursuant to a notice published under paragraph (1), the Commission may appoint a member to the Committee.
``(B) PROHIBITION.—The Commission shall not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Committee.
‘‘(3) SERVICE AT PLEASURE OF COMMISSION.—Each member of the Committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Commission.
‘‘(4) SECURITY BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS.—The Commission may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to the Committee.
‘‘(5) PROHIBITION.—A Federal employee may not be appointed as a member of the Committee.
‘‘(6) TERMS.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term of each member of the Committee shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment.
‘‘(B) CONTINUED SERVICE AFTER TERM.—When the term of a member of the Committee ends, the member, for a period not to exceed 1 year, may continue to serve as a member until a successor is appointed.
‘‘(7) VACANCIES.—A vacancy on the Committee shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment.
‘‘(8) SPECIAL RULE FOR REAPPOINTMENTS.—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the Commission may reappoint a member of a committee for any term, other than the first term of the member, without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appointment.
‘‘(f) STAFF SERVICES.—The Commission shall furnish to the Committee any staff and services considered by the Commission to be necessary for the conduct of the Committee’s functions.
‘‘(g) CHAIR; VICE CHAIR.—


Federal Register, publication. Notice.
