PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4597

ownership or control of assets involved in a monetary transaction if— 
“(1) the person or entity who owns or controls the assets is a senior foreign political figure, or any immediate family member or close associate of a senior foreign political figure, as set forth in this title or the regulations promulgated under this title; and 
“(2) the aggregate value of the assets involved in 1 or more monetary transactions is not less than $1,000,000.

“(c) SOURCE OF FUNDS.—No person shall knowingly conceal, falsify, or misrepresent, or attempt to conceal, falsify, or misrepresent, from or to a financial institution, a material fact concerning the source of funds in a monetary transaction that—
“(1) involves an entity found to be a primary money laundering concern under section 5318A or the regulations promulgated under this title; and 
“(2) violates the prohibitions or conditions prescribed under section 5318A(b)(5) or the regulations promulgated under this title.

“(d) PENALTIES.—A person convicted of an offense under subsection (b) or (c), or a conspiracy to commit an offense under subsection (b) or (c), shall be imprisoned for not more than 10 years, fined not more than $1,000,000, or both.
“(e) FORFEITURE.— 
“(1) CRIMINAL FORFEITURE.— 
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The court, in imposing a sentence under subsection (d), shall order that the defendant forfeit to the United States any property involved in the offense and any property traceable thereto. 
“(B) PROCEDURE.—The seizure, restraint, and forfeiture of property under this paragraph shall be governed by section 413 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 853). 
“(2) CIVIL FORFEITURE.— 
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Any property involved in a violation of subsection (b) or (c), or a conspiracy to commit a violation of subsection (b) or (c), and any property traceable thereto may be seized and forfeited to the United States. 
“(B) PROCEDURE.—Seizures and forfeitures under this paragraph shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18 relating to civil forfeitures, except that such duties, under the customs laws described in section 981(d) of title 18, given to the Secretary of the Treasury shall be performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be designated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General.”.
(b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by sections 6306(b)(1) and 6307(b) of this division, is amended by adding at the end the following:

“5335. Prohibition on concealment of the source of assets in monetary transactions.”.

SEC. 6314. UPDATING WHISTLEBLOWER INCENTIVES AND PROTECTION. 
(a) WHISTLEBLOWER INCENTIVES AND PROTECTION.—Section 5323 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: