134 STAT. 3916           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                      (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and
                                      (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate.
22 USC 2656
note.                            SEC. 1210D. MITIGATION AND PREVENTION OF ATROCITIES IN HIGH-
                                      RISK COUNTRIES.  
 Coordination.

                                      (a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy of the United States that the Department of State, in coordination with the Department of Defense and the United States Agency for International Develop-
                                      ment, should address global fragility, as required by the Global Fragility Act of 2019 and, to the extent practicable, incorporate
                                      efforts to identify, prevent, and respond to the causes of atrocities, as required by section 3 of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 (22 U.S.C. 2656 note), into security assist-
                                      ance and cooperation planning and implementation for covered for-
                                      eign countries.
 Consultation.

                                      (b) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State, in consultation with chiefs of mission and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall ensure that the Department
                                      of State’s Atrocity Assessment Framework is factored into the Integrated Country Strategy and the Country Development Coopera-
                                      tion Strategy where appropriate for covered foreign coun-
                                      tries.
                                      (c) REPORT.—
                                      (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 5 of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 is amended—
                                      (A) by amending subparagraph (E) of subsection (a)(1) to read as follows:
                                      ‘‘(E) countries and regions at risk of atrocities, including covered foreign countries, and a description of specific risk factors, at risk groups, likely scenarios in which atrocities would occur, and efforts taken by the Board or relevant Federal agencies to prevent such atrocities;
                                      and’’; and
                                      (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
 Consultation.

                                      ‘‘(d) COVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY DEFINED.—The term ‘covered foreign country’ means a foreign country that is not listed as a priority country under section 505 of the Global Fragility Act of
                                      2019 (22 U.S.C. 9804) but remains among the top 30 most at risk countries for new onset of mass killing, according to the Depart-
                                      ment of State’s internal assessments, and in consultation with the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on
                                      Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the 
                                      Senate.’’.
 Applicability.

                                      (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by paragraph
                                      (1) shall take effect and apply beginning with the first report required under section 5 of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atroc-
                                      ities Prevention Act of 2018 that is required after the date of the enactment of this Act.
                                      (d) STAKEHOLDER CONSULTATION.—Consistent with section 504(b) of the Global Fragility Act of 2019 (22 U.S.C. 9803(b)), the Secretary of State and other relevant agencies should consult with credible representatives of civil society with experience in
                                      atrocities prevention and national and local governance entities, as well as relevant international development organizations with