134 STAT. 4308          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

       (A) for the assessment of each option, a proposal for 
       the federal agency or agencies to be responsible for such 
       option; and 
              (B) for the assessment of the establishment of any 
       such Reserve, an estimate of the costs of construction and 
       operation of such Reserve. 
           (c) REPORT.—The contract under subsection (a) shall require 
       the Federally funded research and development center that conducts 
       the study under the contract to submit to the Secretary of Defense 
       and the Secretary of Energy a report on the results of study. 
       The report shall be so submitted in both classified and unclassified 
Classified 
    form. 
information. 
           (d) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.— 
                (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days after the date 
        on which the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy 
Consultation. 
receive the report under subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall submit 
to the appropriate committees of Congress the following:
Classified 
     (A) The report under subsection (c), unaltered, in both 
information. 
     classified and unclassified form.
                (B) Such comments as the Secretary of Defense con­
                siders appropriate in light of the report under subsection 
                (c). 
                      (2) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS DEFINED.—In 
      this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ 
      means—
                               (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee 
      on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on 
      Appropriations of the Senate; and 
                                (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee 
      on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Appro­
      priations of the House of Representatives.
                      TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL 
                        PROGRAMS
       Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 
Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. 
Sec. 2503. Execution of projects under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se­
curity Investment Program. 
              Subtitle B—Host Country In-Kind Contributions 
Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded construction projects. 
Sec. 2512. Qatar funded construction projects.

Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organi­zation Security Investment Program

SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI­
TION PROJECTS.

    The Secretary of Defense may make contributions for the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program as pro­
vided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount 
not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appropriated 
for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from