134 STAT. 4310        PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

      “(3)(A)  If contributions are made under paragraph (1) as 
reimbursement for a project or portion of a project previously com- 
pleted by the Department of Defense, such contributions shall be 
credited to—
        “(i) the appropriations used for the project or portion 
thereof, if such appropriations have not yet expired; or 
        “(ii) the appropriations for the Program, if the appropria- 
tions described in clause (i) have expired. 
        “(B) Funding credited under subparagraph (A) shall merge 
with and remain available for the same purposes and duration 
as the appropriations to which credited. 

      
    Determination.     “(d)  OBLIGATION AUTHORITY.—The construction agent of the 
Department of Defense designated by the Secretary of Defense 
to execute a project under subsection (a) may recognize the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization project authorization amounts as 
budgetary resources to incur obligations against for the purposes 
      executing the project.
      
    10 USC 2500a       “(e)  INSUFFICIENT CONTRIBUTIONS.—(1) In the event that the
prec.                      North Atlantic Treaty Organization does not agree to contribute 
funding for all costs necessary for the Department of Defense to 
carry out a project under subsection (a), including necessary per- 
sonnel costs of the construction agent designated by the Department 
of Defense, contract claims, and any conjunctive funding require- 
ments that exceed the project authorization or standards of the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the Secretary of Defense, upon 
      determination that completion of the project is in the national 
interest of the United States, may, from time to time, obligate and 
such conjunctively funded requirements not otherwise authorized 
by law, using any unobligated funds available among funds appro- 
priated for the Program for military construction. 
        “(2) The use of funds under paragraph (1) from appropriations 
for the Program may be in addition to or in place of any other 
funding sources otherwise available for the purposes for which 
those funds are used. 
        “(f)  AUTHORIZED EXPENDITURES DEFINED.—In this section, the 
term ‘authorized expenditures’ means project expenses for which 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization has agreed to contribute 
funding.”. 
    (b)  CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin- 
ning of subchapter II of chapter 138 of such title is amended 
by adding at the end the following new item:
“2350m.  Execution of projects under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu- 
      rity Investment Program.”

    (c)  CONFORMING REPEALS.—
        (1) 2019.—Section 2502 of the John S. McCain National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 
115–232;  132 Stat. 2252) is amended—
            (A) in subsection (a)—
                (i) by striking “(a) AUTHORIZATION.—Funds” and 
inserting “Funds”; and 
                (ii) by striking the second sentence; and 
            (B) by striking subsection (b).
            (2) 2020.—Section 2502 of the National Defense Authoriza- 
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 
1874) is amended—
            (A) in subsection (a), by striking “(a) AUTHORIZATION.— 
Funds” and inserting “Funds”; and