PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021              134 STAT. 4689

or more agreements or otherwise take actions to secure access to resources, including a gym, that are not otherwise available to members of the Coast Guard during such closures.
    (b) BRIEFING.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall brief Congress with respect to actions taken by the Commandant to comply with subsection (a).

SEC. 8244. SOUTHERN RESIDENT ORCA CONSERVATION AND ENFORCEMENT.

    (a) REPORT AND ACTION PLAN ON ORCA ENFORCEMENT OPPORTUNITIES.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall submit to Congress a report on Coast Guard efforts to enforce southern resident orca vessel buffer zones and other vessel-related regulations in Puget Sound in coordination with existing Coast Guard fisheries enforcement, maritime domain awareness, the Be Whale Wise campaign, and other related missions. Such report shall include recommendations on what resources, appropriations, and assets are needed to meet orca conservation and related fisheries enforcement targets in the 13th Coast Guard District within 1 year of the date of enactment of this Act.
    (b) SOUTHERN RESIDENT ORCAS.—The Commandant, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall undertake efforts to reduce vessel noise impacts on Southern resident orcas in Puget Sound, the Salish Sea, and the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
    (c) PROGRAM.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant shall—
            (A) support the development, implementation, and enforcement of commercial vessel noise reduction measures that are technically feasible and economically achievable;
            (B) establish procedures for timely communication of information to commercial vessel operators regarding orca sightings in Puget Sound and make navigational safety recommendations in accordance with the Cooperative Vessel Traffic Service Agreement; and
            (C) collaborate on studies or trials analyzing vessel noise impacts on Southern resident orcas.
        (2) VESSEL NOISE IMPACTS.—The Undersecretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere shall assess vessel noise impacts on Southern resident orcas in the program area and make recommendations to reduce that noise and noise related impacts to Southern resident orcas to the Commandant.
        (3) COORDINATION.—In carrying out this section, the Commandant shall coordinate with Canadian agencies affiliated with the Enhancing Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO) program and other international organizations as appropriate.
        (4) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out this section, the Commandant and the Undersecretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere shall consult with State, local, and Tribal governments and maritime industry and conservation stakeholders including ports, higher education institutions, and nongovernmental organizations.