134 STAT. 4784

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(2) The policies and procedures of the Department for managing undisbursed funds and for communicating with veterans, other beneficiaries, and heirs regarding undisbursed funds.

(3) The challenges regarding the policies and procedures identified under paragraph (2), any legal barriers to improving such policies and procedures, and the plans of the Secretary for improvement.

(c) REVIEW OF REPORT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the report submitted under subsection (a).

(d) UNDISBURSED FUNDS DEFINED.—The term “undisbursed funds”— 

(1) means any amount of money that is owed to a beneficiary and that has not been disbursed— 

(A) in the case of an amount that is owed by reason of an insurance benefit under chapter 19 of title 38, United States Code, for a period of one year or longer; or 

(B) in the case of an amount that is owed by reason of any other benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, for a period of 30 days or longer; and 

(2) does not include any amount of money that— 

(A) has not been disbursed due to a contested claim for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary; or 

(B) is in dispute by two or more parties over who is the entitled beneficiary.

SEC. 9107. TRANSFER OF MARE ISLAND NAVAL CEMETERY TO SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR MAINTENANCE BY NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION.

(a) AGREEMENT.—Beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report required by subsection (c)(1), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall seek to enter into an agreement with the city of Vallejo, California, under which the city of Vallejo shall transfer to the Secretary all right, title, and interest in the Mare Island Naval Cemetery in Vallejo, California, at no cost to the Secretary. The Secretary shall seek to enter into such agreement before the date that is one year after the date on which such report is submitted.

(b) MAINTENANCE BY NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION.—If the Mare Island Naval Cemetery is transferred to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs pursuant to subsection (a), the National Cemetery Administration shall maintain the cemetery in the same manner as other cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration.

(c) REPORT.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility and advisability of exercising the authority to enter into an agreement under subsection (a). 

(2) CONTENTS.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 

(A) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of entering into such an agreement.