134 STAT. 4332          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 
                                  
(ii) An enduring location is primarily characterized either by the presence of permanently assigned United States forces with robust infrastructure and quality of life amenities to support that presence, by the sustained presence of allocated United States forces with infrastructure and quality of life amenities consistent with that presence, or by the periodic presence of allocated United States forces with little or no permanent United States military presence or controlled infrastructure. Enduring locations include main operating bases, forward operating sites, and cooperative security locations. 
(iii) A contingency location refers to a location outside of the United States that is not covered by subparagraph (B), but that is used by United States forces to support and sustain operations during named and unnamed contingency operations or other operations as directed by appropriate authority and is categorized by mission life-cycle requirements as initial, temporary, or semi-permanent.
(B)(i) The term 'construction or facility improvement project' includes any construction, development, conversion, or extension of a building, structure, or other improvement to real property carried out at an overseas military location, whether to satisfy temporary or permanent requirements, and any acquisition of land for an overseas military location.
(ii) The term does not include repairs to a building, structure, or other improvement to real property, unless the building, structure, or other improvement cannot effectively be used for its designated functional purpose until such repairs are performed. 
(4) The Secretary of Defense shall prepare the report under paragraph (1) in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment.
(5) A report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary.".
(b) CONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.— 
(1) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—Section 2687a(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking "host nation" both places it appears and inserting "host country".
(2) SECTION HEADING.—The heading of section 2687a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
"§ 2687a. Overseas base closures and realignments and status of United States overseas military locations".
(3) TABLE OF SECTIONS.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 159 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2687a and inserting the following new item:
"2687a. Overseas base closures and realignments and status of United States overseas military locations.".
(c) TEMPORARY CONTINUATION OF SUPERCEDED REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Until the Secretary of Defense submits the first report required by section 2687a(a) of title 10, United States Code, that includes the information required by paragraph (2) of such section, as added by subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall continue to prepare and submit the report required by section 2816 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114-92; 129 Stat. 1176), notwithstanding the expiration of such reporting requirement.