134 STAT. 4648

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

the program, be eligible for consideration for promotion under chapter 21 or 37 of this title.
‘‘(B) RETURN TO DUTY.—Upon the return of an officer to active duty after completion by the officer of participation in a program—
‘‘(i) the Commandant may adjust the date of rank of the officer in such manner as the Commandant may prescribe in regulations for purposes of this section; and
‘‘(ii) the officer shall be eligible for consideration for promotion when officers of the same grade and seniority are eligible for consideration for promotion.
‘‘(2) ENLISTED MEMBERS.—An enlisted member participating in a program under this section shall not be eligible for consideration for advancement during the period that—
‘‘(A) begins on the date of the inactivation of the member from active duty under the program; and
‘‘(B) ends at such time after the return of the member to active duty under the program that the member is treatable as eligible for promotion by reason of time in grade and such other requirements as the Commandant shall prescribe in regulations for purposes of the program.
‘‘(h) CONTINUED ENTITLEMENTS.—A member participating in a program under this section shall, while participating in the program, be treated as a member of the Armed Forces on active duty for a period of more than 30 days for purposes of—
‘‘(1) the entitlement of the member and of the dependents of the member to medical and dental care under the provisions of chapter 55 of title 10; and
‘‘(2) retirement or separation for physical disability under the provisions of chapter 61 of title 10 and chapters 21 and 23 of this title.’’.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis for subchapter I of chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘2514. Career flexibility to enhance retention of members.’’.
SEC. 8205. DIRECT COMMISSIONING AUTHORITY FOR INDIVIDUALS
WITH CRITICAL SKILLS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3738 the following:
‘‘§ 3738a. Direct commissioning authority for individuals with critical skills
‘‘An individual with critical skills that the Commandant considers necessary for the Coast Guard to complete its missions who is not currently serving as an officer in the Coast Guard may be commissioned into the Coast Guard at a grade up to and including commander.’’.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis for subchapter II of chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3738 the following:
‘‘3738a. Direct commissioning authority for individuals with critical skills.’’.
(c) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—The heading for the first chapter of subtitle III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘CHAPTER 1’’ and inserting ‘‘CHAPTER 37’’.