134 STAT. 3722        PUBLIC LAW 116-283 — JAN. 1, 2021

       (4) The effect of any such lapses on—
           (A) the delivery of health care benefits to members
       of the reserve components and the eligible dependents of
       such members; or
           (B) force readiness and force retention.
       (5) The parties responsible for identifying and commu-
       nicating to a member of a reserve component issues relating
       to eligibility under the TRICARE program.
       (6) The methods by which a member of a reserve compo-
       nent, an eligible dependent of such member, or the Secretary
       of Defense may verify the status of enrollment in the TRICARE
       program regarding the member before, during, and after a
       deployment of the member.
       (7) The comparative effectiveness, with respect to the
       delivery of health care benefits to a member of a reserve compo-
       nent and eligible dependents of such member, of—
           (A) continuing the current process by which a pre-
       viously eligible member must transition from coverage
       under TRICARE Reserve Select to coverage under
       TRICARE Prime after a change to active service in the
       duty status of such member; and
           (B) establishing a new process by which a previously
       eligible member may remain covered by TRICARE Reserve
       Select after a change to active service in the duty status
       of such member (whether by allowing a previously eligible
       member to pay a premium for such coverage or by requiring
       the Federal Government to provide for such coverage).
       (8) Whether the current process referred to in paragraph
       (7)(A) negatively affects the delivery of health care benefits
       as a result of transitions between network providers.
       (9) The current status and expected completion of duty
       status reform for personnel of the reserve components.
       (10) The actions necessary to prevent future occurrences
       of such lapses, including legislative actions.
 (b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
       (1) The term “active service” has the meaning given that
       term in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code.
       (2) The term “eligible dependent” means a dependent of
       a member of a reserve component—
            (A) described in subparagraph (A), (D), or (I) of section
       1072(2) of title 10, United States Code; and
            (B) eligible for coverage under the TRICARE program.
       (3) The term “previously eligible member” means a member
       of a reserve component who was eligible for coverage under
       TRICARE Reserve Select pursuant to section 1076d of title
       10, United States Code, prior to a change to active service
       in the duty status of such member.
       (4) The terms “TRICARE Prime” and “TRICARE program”
       have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title
       10, United States Code.
       (5) The term “TRICARE Reserve Select” has the meaning
       given that term in section 1076d(f) of title 10, United States
       Code.