134 STAT. 3966		PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

 subordinate to the Central Military Commission of the Chinese Communist Party; or
		 (II) identified as a military-civil fusion contrib-
	 utor to the Chinese defense industrial base; and
	 (ii) engaged in providing commercial services,
  manufacturing, producing, or exporting.
  (2) MILITARY-CIVIL FUSION CONTRIBUTOR.—The term ‘‘mili-
tary-civil fusion contributor’’ includes any of the following:
 (A) Entities knowingly receiving assistance from the
 Government of China or the Chinese Communist Party
 through science and technology efforts initiated under the
 Chinese military industrial planning apparatus.
 (B) Entities affiliated with the Chinese Ministry of
 Industry and Information Technology, including research
 partnerships and projects.
 (C) Entities receiving assistance, operational direction
  or policy guidance from the State Administration for
 Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense.
 (D) Any entities or subsidiaries defined as a ‘‘defense
 enterprise’’ by the State Council of the People’s Republic
 of China.
 (E) Entities residing in or affiliated with a military-
 civil fusion enterprise zone or receiving assistance from
 the Government of China through such enterprise zone.
 (F) Entities awarded with receipt of military production
 licenses by the Government of China, such as a Weapons
 and Equipment Research and Production Unit Classifica-
 tion Qualification Permit, Weapons and Equipment
 and Production Certificate, Weapons and Equipment
 Quality Management System Certificate, or Equipment
 Manufacturing Unit Qualification.
 (G) Entities that advertise on national, provincial, and
 non-governmental military equipment procurement plat-
 forms in the People’s Republic of China.
 (H) Any other entities the Secretary determines is
 appropriate.
  (3) PEOPLE’S LIBERATION ARMY.—The term ‘‘People’s Libera-
tion Army’’ means the land, naval, and air military services,
 the People’s Armed Police, the Strategic Support Force, the
 Rocket Force, and any other related security element within 
 the Government of China or the Chinese Communist Party
 that the Secretary determines is appropriate.
 SEC. 1260I. REPORT ON DIRECTED USE OF FISHING FLEETS.
 (a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the date
 of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the Office of
 Naval Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional
 committees an unclassified report on the use of distant-water fishing
 fleets by foreign governments as extensions of such countries’ official
 maritime security forces, including the manner and extent to which
 such fishing fleets are leveraged in support of naval operations
 and foreign policy more generally. The report shall also consider
 the threats, on a country-by-country basis, posed by such use of
 distant-water fishing fleets to—
 (1) fishing or other vessels of the United States and partner
 countries;