PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021            134 STAT. 3479

(K) Life-cycle cost per baseline vessel and each alter native vessel.
(L) Life-cycle cost per specified quantity of baseline vessels and alternative vessels.
(M) Technology readiness assessment of baseline and each alternative.
(N) Analysis of alternatives, including relative cost and capability performance of baseline and alternative vessels.
(O) Trade-off analysis.
(P) Sensitivity analysis.
(Q) Conclusions and recommendations, which if the Secretary of Defense deems it appropriate, shall include the determination required under subsection (d)(1)(B).
(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term ‘‘critical mission, hull, mechanical, and elec trical subsystems’’, with respect to a covered vessel, includes the following subsystems;
(A) Command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance.
(B) Autonomous vessel navigation, vessel control, con tact management, and contact avoidance.
(C) Communications security, including cryptography, encryption, and decryption.
(D) Main engines, including the lube oil, fuel oil, and other supporting systems.
(E) Electrical generation and distribution, including propulsion motors.
(F) Military payloads.
(G) Any other subsystem identified as critical by the Senior Technical Authority for the class of naval vessels that includes the covered vessel.
(2) The term ‘‘Senior Technical Authority’’ means, with respect to a class of naval vessels, the Senior Technical Authority designated for that class of naval vessels under sec tion 8669b of title 10, United States Code.
Subtitle C—Artificial Intelligence and 
 Emerging Technology
SEC. 231. MODIFICATION OF BIANNUAL REPORT ON THE JOINT ARTIFI 
 CIAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER.
Section 260(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1293) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs:
‘‘(11) The results of an assessment, conducted biannually, on the efforts of the Center and the Department of Defense to develop or contribute to the development of standards for artificial intelligence, including—
(A) a description of such efforts;
(B) an evaluation of the need to incorporate standards of artificial intelligence into the strategies and doctrine of the Department and a description of any efforts under taken to further the development and adoption of such standards;
(C) an explanation of any collaboration on artificial intelligence standards development with—