134 STAT. 4736		PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

including an entity, that owned the vessel on the date of the enactment of this Act.
		(2) The vessel is rebuilt and not rebuilt in the United States (as defined in section 12101(a) of title 46, United States Code).
		(3) The vessel is no longer operating in primary service as a sailing school vessel.

33 USC 59mm.	SEC. 8436. WATERS DEEMED NOT NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES.
	The Coalbank Slough in Coos Bay, Oregon, is deemed to not be navigable waters of the United States for all purposes of subchapter J of Chapter I of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations.

New York.	SEC. 8437. ANCHORAGES.
	(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall suspend the establishment of new anchorage grounds on the Hudson River between Yonkers, New York, and Kingston, New York, under section 7 of the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1915 (33 U.S.C. 471) or chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code.
	(b) RESTRICTION.—The Commandant may not establish or expand any anchorage grounds outside of the reach on the Hudson River described in subsection (a) without first providing notice to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 180 days prior to the establishment or expansion of any such anchorage grounds.
	(c) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this section—
		(1) prevents the master or pilot of a vessel operating on the reach of the Hudson River described in subsection (a) from taking actions necessary to maintain the safety of the vessel or to prevent the loss of life or property; or
		(2) shall be construed as limiting the authority of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to exercise authority over the movement of a vessel under section 70002 of title 46, United States Code, or any other applicable laws or regulations governing the safe navigation of a vessel.
Consultation.	New York. Examination.
	(d) STUDY.—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Hudson River Safety, Navigation, and Operations Committee, shall conduct a study of the Hudson River north of Tarrytown, New York to examine—
		(1) the nature of vessel traffic including vessel types, sizes, cargoes, and frequency of transits;
		(2) the risks and benefits of historic practices for commercial vessels anchoring; and
		(3) the risks and benefits of establishing anchorage grounds on the Hudson River.
Recommendations.
	(e) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing the findings, conclusions, and recommendations from the study required under subsection (d).
