134 STAT. 4378

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(1) establish specific benchmarks for technology readiness levels of critical technologies for life extension programs at key decision points; and

“(2) ensure that critical technologies meet such benchmarks at such decision points.

“(c) APPLICABILITY.—This section shall apply to programs that, as of the date of the enactment of this section, have not entered phase 3 of the nuclear weapons acquisition process or phase 6.3 of a nuclear weapons life extension program.

“(d) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term ‘earned value management national standard’ means the most recent version of the EIA-748 Earned Value Management System Standard published by the National Defense Industrial Association.”.

(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4223, as added by section 3111(a)(2), the following new item:

“Sec. 4224. Earned value management and technology readiness levels for life extension programs.”.

SEC. 3113. MONITORING OF INDUSTRIAL BASE FOR NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPONENTS, SUBSYSTEMS, AND MATERIALS.
(a) DESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall designate a senior official within the National Nuclear Security Administration to be responsible for monitoring the industrial base that supports the nuclear weapons components, subsystems, and materials of the Administration, including—
(1) the consistent monitoring of the current status of the industrial base;
(2) tracking of industrial base issues over time; and
(3) proactively identifying gaps or risks in specific areas relating to the industrial base.
(b) PROVISION OF RESOURCES.—The Administrator shall ensure that the official designated under subsection (a) is provided with resources sufficient to conduct the monitoring required by that subsection.
(c) CONSULTATIONS.—The Administrator, acting through the official designated under subsection (a), shall, to the extent practicable and beneficial, in conducting the monitoring required by that subsection, consult with—
(1) officials of the Department of Defense who are members of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code;
(2) officials of the Department of Defense responsible for the defense industrial base; and
(3) other components of the Department of Energy that rely on similar components, subsystems, or materials.
(d) BRIEFINGS.—
(1) INITIAL BRIEFING.—Not later than April 1, 2021, the Administrator shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the designation of the official required by subsection (a), including on—
(A) the responsibilities assigned to that official; and