134 STAT. 4712         PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

within the frequency bands 157.1875–157.4375 MHz and 161.7875–162.0375 MHz.
Federal Register, publication. 
Deadline. 

‘‘(b) NATIONAL POLICY.— 
‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT AND UPDATE OF NATIONAL POLICY.— 
‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT OF POLICY.—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish a national policy which is inclusive of local variances permitted under subsection (c), to be applied to all vessel traffic service centers and publish such policy in the Federal Register.
‘‘(B) UPDATE.—The Secretary shall periodically update the national policy established under subparagraph (A) and shall publish such update in the Federal Register or on a publicly available website. 
‘‘(2) ELEMENTS.—The national policy established and updated under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) Standardization of titles, roles, and responsibilities for all personnel assigned, working, or employed in a vessel traffic service center. 
‘‘(B) Standardization of organizational structure within vessel traffic service centers, to include supervisory and reporting chain and processes.
‘‘(C) Establishment of directives for the application of authority provided to each vessel traffic service center, specifically with respect to directing or controlling vessel movement when such action is justified in the interest of safety.
‘‘(D) Establishment of thresholds and measures for monitoring, informing, recommending, and directing vessel traffic. 
‘‘(E) Establishment of national procedures and protocols for vessel traffic management. 
‘‘(F) Standardization of training for all vessel traffic service directors, operators, and watchstanders. 
‘‘(G) Establishment of certification and competency evaluation for all vessel traffic service directors, operators, and watchstanders. 
‘‘(H) Establishment of standard operating language when communicating with vessel traffic users. 
‘‘(I) Establishment of data collection, storage, management, archiving, and dissemination policies and procedures for vessel incidents and near-miss incidents.
‘‘(c) LOCAL VARIANCES.— 
‘‘(1) DEVELOPMENT.—In this section, the Secretary may provide for such local variances as the Secretary considers appropriate to account for the unique vessel traffic, waterway characteristics, and any additional factors that are appropri- ate to enhance navigational safety in any area where vessel traffic services are provided. 
‘‘(2) REVIEW AND APPROVAL BY SECRETARY.—The Captain of the Port covered by a vessel traffic service center may develop and submit to the Secretary regional policies in addition to the national policy established and updated under subsection (b) to account for variances from that national policy with respect to local vessel traffic conditions and volume, geography,