134 STAT. 3550             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(6) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter, limit, or duplicate the roles, responsibilities, authorities, or current activities, as established in statute or otherwise through existing practice or policy, of each Federal department or agency with responsibilities for biodefense or otherwise relevant to implementation of the National Biodefense Strategy.

SEC. 365. PLANS AND REPORTS ON EMERGENCY RESPONSE TRAINING FOR MILITARY INSTALLATIONS.
Deadlines. (a) PLANS.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that each military installation under the jurisdiction of the Secretary that does not conduct live emergency response training on an annual basis or more frequently with the civilian law enforcement and emergency response agencies responsible for responding to an emergency at the installation develops a plan to conduct such training.
Costs. (2) ELEMENTS.—Each plan developed under paragraph (1) with respect to an installation— (A) shall include— (i) the cost of implementing training described in paragraph (1) at the installation; (ii) a description of any obstacles to the implementation of such training; and (iii) recommendations for mitigating any such obstacles; and (B) shall be designed to ensure that the civilian law enforcement and emergency response agencies described in paragraph (1) are familiar with— (i) the physical features of the installation, including gates, buildings, armories, headquarters, command and control centers, and medical facilities; and (ii) the emergency response personnel and procedures of the installation. Procedures. (3) SUBMITTAL OF PLANS.— (A) SUBMITTAL TO SECRETARY.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the commander of each military installation required to develop a plan under paragraph (1) shall submit such plan to the Secretary of Defense.
Summary. (B) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a summary of the plans submitted to the Secretary under subparagraph (A).
Deadline. (b) REPORTS ON TRAINING CONDUCTED.— (1) LIST OF INSTALLATIONS.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a list of all military installations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary that conduct live emergency response training on an