134 STAT. 3468

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Deadline.
Consultation.

(1) INITIAL COST ESTIMATE.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the
Air Force, in consultation with the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, shall—

(A) define key technical, programmatic, and operational
characteristics for the Advanced Battle Management System; and

(B) produce an initial cost estimate for the System
that includes—
(i) estimated costs for each product category
described in the report submitted to Congress under
section 236 the National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat.
1281); and

(ii) a description of each cost estimating methodology used in the preparation of the estimate.

(2) REVIEW AND REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after
the completion of the estimate required under paragraph (1),
the Air Force Cost Analysis Agency shall—

(A) conduct a non-advocate cost assessment of the estimate; and

(B) submit to the congressional defense committees
and the Government Accountability Office a report on the
results of the assessment.

(b) PROGRAM UPDATE BRIEFINGS.—

Deadline.
Time period.

(1) IN GENERAL.—Beginning not later than January 1, 2021,
and on a quarterly basis thereafter, the Secretary of the Air
Force shall provide to the congressional defense committees
a program update briefing on the Advanced Battle Management
System and all associated technologies.

(2) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include—

(A) a detailed explanation of any on-ramp exercise of the Advanced Battle Management System conducted during the quarter covered by the report, including an
explanation of—

(i) the objectives achieved by the exercise and any
data collected for the purposes of decision making;
(ii) identification of the portions of the exercise
that were scripted and unscripted and any technical
workarounds or substitutes used for purposes of the
exercise; and

(iii) the interim capabilities provided to combatant
commanders after the conclusion of the exercise (commonly known as "leave behind" capabilities) and a
plan for the sustainment or upgrade of such capabilities; and

(iv) the total cost of the exercise and a breakdown
of the costs with respect to technology, range and demonstration resources, personnel, and logistics; and

(B) such other information as the Secretary of the
Air Force determines appropriate.

(c) REPORT ON SECURITY AND RESILIENCY MEASURES.—At the
same time as the budget of the President for fiscal year 2022
is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31,
United States Code, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit
to the congressional defense committees a report that describes