PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3485

(b) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—
	(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense completes the assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the results of the assessment.
	(2) ELEMENTS.—The briefing under paragraph (1) shall include, based on the results of the assessment—
		(A) an explanation of whether the Department of Defense has personnel, in the proper roles and with sufficient expertise across multiple disciplines, to ensure the acquisition of ethically and responsibly developed artificial intelligence technology;
		(B) an explanation of whether the Department has adequate procedures to encourage or require the consultation of such experts as part of the acquisition process for artificial intelligence technology;
		(C) an explanation of any procedures the Department has in place to ensure that activities involving artificial intelligence are consistent with the Department’s ethical artificial intelligence standards; and
		(D) with respect to any deficiencies identified under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C), a description of any measures that have been taken, and any additional resources that may be needed, to mitigate such deficiencies.

SEC. 236. STEERING COMMITTEE ON EMERGING TECHNOLOGY.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Defense may establish a steering committee on emerging technology and national security threats (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Steering Committee’’).
(b) MEMBERSHIP.—The Steering Committee shall be composed of the following:
	(1) The Deputy Secretary of Defense.
	(2) The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
	(3) The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security.
	(4) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.
	(5) The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.
	(6) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment.
	(7) The Chief Information Officer.
	(8) Such other officials of the Department of Defense as the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate.
(c) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Steering Committee shall be responsible for—
	(1) developing a strategy for the organizational change, concept and capability development, and technology investments in emerging technologies that are needed to maintain the technological superiority of the United States military as outlined in the National Defense Strategy;
	(2) providing assessments of emerging threats and identifying investments and advances in emerging technology areas undertaken by adversaries of the United States;
	(3) making recommendations to the Secretary of Defense on—