134 STAT. 3910         PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

    “(B) A description of any amount received by the 
    Department of Defense as part of such program, including 
    the country from which the amount was received.
    “(f) Limitation on Statutory Construction.—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to authorize the use of foreign sealift 
in violation of section 2631.”.
    (b) Clerical Amendment.—The table of sections at the begin- 
ning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item 
relating to section 2350l the following new item:
“2350m. Participation in European program on multilateral exchange of surface 
                    transportation services.”.
SEC. 1203. Participation in programs relating to coordination or exchange of air refueling and air 
                   transportation services.
    (a) In General.—Subchapter II of chapter 138 of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by section 1202, is further amended 
by adding at the end the following new section:
“§ 2350o. Participation in programs relating to coordination or exchange of air refueling and air transpor- 
    tation services
    “(a) Participation Authorized.— 
            “(1) In General.—The Secretary of Defense, with the 
    concurrence of the Secretary of State, may authorize the partici- 
    pation of the Department of Defense in programs relating to 
    the coordination or exchange of air refueling and air transpor- 
    tation services, including in the arrangement known as the 
    Air Transport and Air-to-Air Refueling and other Exchanges 
    of Services program (in this section referred to as the ‘ATARES 
    program’).
            “(2) Scope of Participation.—Participation of the Depart- 
    ment of Defense in programs referred to in paragraph (1) 
    may include—
                “(A) the reciprocal exchange or transfer of air refueling 
    and air transportation services on a reimbursable basis 
    or by replacement-in-kind; and
                “(B) the exchange of air refueling and air transpor- 
    tation services of an equal value.
            “(3) Limitations with Respect to Participation in Atares 
    Program.—
                “(A) In General.—The Department of Defense balance 
    of executed flight hours in participation in the ATARES 
    program under paragraph (1), whether as credits or debits, 
    may not exceed a total of 500 hours.
                “(B) Air Refueling.—The Department of Defense bal- 
    ance of executed flight hours for air refueling in participa- 
    tion in the ATARES program under paragraph (1) may 
    not exceed 200 hours.
        “(b) Written Arrangement or Agreement.—Participation of 
the Department of Defense in a program referred to in subsection 
(a)(1) shall be in accordance with a written arrangement or agree- 
ment entered into by the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence 
of the Secretary of State.
        “(c) Implementation.—In carrying out any arrangement or 
agreement entered into under subsection (b), the Secretary of 
Defense may—