PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) ARRANGEMENT OR AGREEMENT REQUIRED.—The participation of the Department of Defense in the ATARES program under subsection (a) shall be in accordance with a written arrangement or agreement entered into by the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State.
(2) FUNDING ARRANGEMENTS.—If Department of Defense facilities, equipment, or funds are used to support the ATARES program, the written arrangement or agreement under paragraph (1) shall specify the details of any equitable cost-sharing or other funding arrangement.
(3) OTHER ELEMENTS.—Any written arrangement or agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall require that any accrued credits and liabilities resulting from an unequal exchange or transfer of air transportation or air refueling services shall be liquidated, not less than once every 5 years, through the ATARES program.
(c) IMPLEMENTATION.—In carrying out any written arrangement or agreement entered into under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may—
(1) pay the Department of Defense’s equitable share of the operating expenses of the Center and the ATARES program from funds available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance; and
(2) assign members of the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilian personnel, within billets authorized for the United States Indo-Pacific Command, to duty at the Center as necessary to fulfill the obligations of the Department of Defense under that arrangement or agreement.

SEC. 1062. LIMITATION ON PROVISION OF FUNDS TO INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION HOSTING CONFUCIUS INSTITUTES.
(a) LIMITATION.—Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be provided to an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute, other than amounts provided directly to students as educational assistance.
(b) WAIVER.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation under subsection (a) with respect to an institution of higher education if the Secretary, after consultation with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, determines such a waiver is appropriate.
(2) MANAGEMENT PROCESS.—If the Secretary issues a waiver under paragraph (1), the academic liaison designated pursuant to subsection (g) of section 1286 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note), as amended by section 1299C of this Act, shall manage the waiver process on behalf of the Secretary.
(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The limitation under subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the first fiscal year that begins after the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of this Act and to any subsequent fiscal year.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: