PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021           134 STAT. 3483

dated June 27, 2018, and titled ‘Establishment of the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center’, or any successor to such Center.’’.
SEC. 233. BOARD OF ADVISORS FOR THE JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTEL-
LIGENCE CENTER.
   (a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish 
a board of advisors for the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center.
   (b) DUTIES.—The duties of the board of advisors shall include 
the following:
        (1) Provide independent strategic advice and technical 
 expertise to the Secretary and the Director on matters relating 
 to the development and use of artificial intelligence by the 
 Department of Defense.
        (2) Evaluate and advise the Secretary and the Director 
 on ethical matters relating to the development and use of 
 artificial intelligence by the Department.
        (3) Conduct long-term and long-range studies on matters 
 relating to artificial intelligence, as required.
        (4) Evaluate and provide recommendations to the Secretary 
 and the Director regarding the Department’s development of 
 a robust workforce proficient in artificial intelligence.
        (5) Assist the Secretary and the Director in developing 
 strategic level guidance on artificial intelligence-related hard-
ware procurement, supply chain matters, and other technical 
 matters relating to artificial intelligence.
   (c) MEMBERSHIP.—The board of advisors shall be composed 
of appropriate experts from academic or private sector organizations 
outside the Department of Defense, who shall be appointed by 
the Secretary.
   (d) CHAIRPERSON.—The chairperson of the board of advisors 
shall be selected by the Secretary.
   (e) MEETINGS.—The board of advisors shall meet not less than 
once each fiscal quarter and may meet at other times at the call 
of the chairperson or a majority of its members.
   (f) REPORTS.—Not later than September 30 of each year through 
September 30, 2024, the board of advisors shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a report that summarizes the 
activities of the board over the preceding year.
   (g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
        (1) The term ‘‘artificial intelligence’’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 238(g) of the John S. McCain National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 
115-232; 10 U.SC. 2358 note).
        (2) The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Joint 
 Artificial Intelligence Center.
        (3) The term ‘‘Joint Artificial Intelligence Center’’ means 
 the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center of the Department of 
 Defense established pursuant to the memorandum of the Sec-
 retary of Defense dated June 27, 2018, and titled ‘‘Establish-
 ment of the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center’’, or any suc-
 cessor to such Center.
        (4) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Defense.

SEC. 234. APPLICATION OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TO THE 
DEFENSE REFORM PILLAR OF THE NATIONAL DEFENSE 
STRATEGY.
   (a) IDENTIFICATION OF USE CASES.—The Secretary of Defense, 
acting through such officers and employees of the Department of