134 STAT. 3940          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

                      (5)  An assessment of the human resource requirements of the Office of Defense Cooperation at the United States Embassy in Kyiv and any gaps in its capacity to transfer and facilitate security assistance to Ukraine.
                      (6) Any recommendations the Secretaries deem appropriate concerning coordination of security assistance efforts of the Department of Defense and Department of State with respect to Ukraine.
Deadline.         (b) Resource Plan.—Not later than February 15, 2022, the Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on resourcing United States security assistance with respect to Ukraine, which shall include the following:
Time periods.      (1) A plan to resource the following initiatives and programs with respect to Ukraine in fiscal year 2023 and the four succeeding fiscal years to assist Ukraine in meeting the most critical capability gaps and capacity shortfalls of the military forces of Ukraine:
                            (A) The Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative of the Department of Defense.
                            (B) Department of Defense security assistance authorized by section 333 of title 10, United States Code.
                            (C) The Foreign Military Financing and Foreign Military Sales programs of the Department of State.
                            (D) The provision of excess defense articles pursuant to the requirements of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.).
                      (2) With respect to the Ukrainian navy:
                            (A) A capability development plan, with milestones, describing the manner in which the United States will assist the Government of Ukraine in meeting the requirements described in subsection (a)(1)(A).
                            (B) A plan for United States cooperation with third countries and international organizations that have the resources and ability to provide immediate assistance to the Ukrainian navy, while maintaining interoperability with United States platforms to the extent feasible.
                            (C) A plan to prioritize Excess Defense Articles for the Ukrainian navy to the maximum extent practicable during the time period described in paragraph (1).
                            (D) An assessment of the extent to which United States security assistance to the Ukrainian navy is in the national security interests of the United States.
                      (3) With respect to the Ukrainian air force—
                            (A) a capability development plan, with milestones, detailing how the United States will assist the Government of Ukraine in meeting the requirements described in section (a)(1)(B);
                            (B) a plan for United States cooperation with third countries and international organizations that have the resources and ability to provide immediate assistance to the Ukrainian air force, while maintaining interoperability with United States platforms to the extent feasible;
                            (C) a plan to prioritize excess defense articles for the Ukraine air force to the maximum extent practicable during the time period described in paragraph (1);