134 STAT. 3618 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(5) Such other attorneys and entities as the Secretary considers appropriate.
“(e) LEGAL ASSISTANCE IN RURAL AREAS.—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that pro bono legal assistance is provided under subsection (a) in rural areas.
“(f) DEFINITION OF VETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION.—In this section, the term ‘veterans service organization’ means any organization recognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of this title.”.
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 59 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item:
“5906. Availability of legal assistance at Department facilities.”.
(b) PILOT PROGRAM TO ESTABLISH AND SUPPORT LEGAL ASSIST- ANCE CLINICS.—
(1) PILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a pilot program to assess the feasi- bility and advisability of awarding grants to eligible entities to establish new legal assistance clinics, or enhance existing legal assistance clinics or other pro bono efforts, for the provision of pro bono legal assistance described in subsection (c) of section 5906 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), on a year-round basis to individ- uals who served in the Armed Forces, including individuals who served in a reserve component of the Armed Forces, and who were discharged or released therefrom, regardless of the conditions of such discharge or release, at locations other than medical centers and facilities described in sub- section (a) of such section.
(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed to limit or affect—
(i) the provision of pro bono legal assistance to eligible individuals at medical centers and facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs under section 5906(a) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a); or
(ii) any other legal assistance provided pro bono at medical centers or facilities of the Department as of the date of the enactment of this Act.
(2) ELIGIBLE ENTITIES.—For purposes of the pilot program, an eligible entity is—
(A) a veterans service organization or other nonprofit organization specifically focused on assisting veterans;
(B) an entity specifically focused on assisting veterans and associated with an accredited law school;
(C) a legal services organization or bar association; or
(D) such other type of entity as the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the pilot program.
(3) LOCATIONS.—The Secretary shall ensure that at least one grant is awarded under paragraph (1)(A) to at least one eligible entity in each State, if the Secretary determines that there is such an entity in a State that has applied for, and meets requirements for the award of, such a grant.