134 STAT. 4116 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

for in the report required under section 1649 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92), including the following programs:
        (i) GenCyber.
       (ii) Centers for Academic Excellence – Cyber Defense.
      (iii) Centers for Academic Excellence – Cyber Operations.
        (C) DEADLINE.—Not later than 120 days after the submission of the report required under subparagraph (A), the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall carry out the implementation plan contained in such report.
        10 USC 2224 note. Deadline. 
(b) IMPROVING THE TRAINING WITH INDUSTRY PROGRAM.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisors of the military services and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the congressional defense committees a review of the current utilization and utility of the Training With Industry (TWI) programs, including relating to the following:
        (A) Recommendations regarding how to improve and better utilize such programs, including regarding individuals who have completed such programs.
        (B) An implementation plan for carrying out such recommendations.
        (2) ADDITIONAL.—Not later than 90 days after the submission of the report required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall carry out such elements of the implementation plan required under paragraph (1)(B) as the Secretary considers appropriate and notify the congressional defense committees of the determinations of the Secretary relating thereto.
        (c) ALIGNMENT OF CYBERSECURITY TRAINING PROGRAMS.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing recommendations on how cybersecurity training programs described in section 1649 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 can be better aligned and harmonized.
        (2) REPORT.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall provide recommendations concerning the following topics and information:
        (A) Developing a comprehensive mechanism for utilizing and leveraging the Cyber Excepted Service workforce of the Department of Defense referenced to in subsection (a), as well as mechanisms for military participation.
        (B) Unnecessary redundancies in such programs, or in any related efforts, initiatives, or investments.
        (C) Mechanisms for tracking participation and transition of participation from one such program to another.
        (D) Department level oversight and management of such programs.
        (3) CYBER WORKFORCE PIPELINE AND EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION.—