134 STAT. 4066		PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

		(2) DELEGATION.—The Secretary may not delegate the authority to carry out paragraph (1) below the level of an Under Secretary of Defense.
	(c) REPORT ON FUNDING PROFILE.—Unless the Secretary makes a waiver under subsection (b), the Director shall include with the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2022 (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report on the funding profile necessary for the interim ground-based interceptor program to meet the objectives under subsection (a).
	Deadlines.

SEC. 1647. NEXT GENERATION INTERCEPTORS.
	(a) NOTIFICATION OF CHANGED REQUIREMENTS.—During the acquisition and development process of the next generation interceptor program, not later than seven days after the date on which any changes are made to the requirements for such program that are established in the equivalent to capability development documentation, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall notify the congressional defense committees of such changes.
	(b) BRIEFING ON CONTRACT.—Not later than 14 days after the date on which the Director awards a contract for design, development, or both, of the next generation interceptor, the Director shall provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on such contract, including with respect to the cost, schedule, performance, and requirements of the contract.
	(c) INDEPENDENT COST ASSESSMENT AND VALIDATION.—
		(1) ASSESSMENT.—The Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall—
			(A) conduct an independent cost assessment of the next generation interceptor program; and
			(B) make available to the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering preliminary findings of the assessment to inform the award of a contract for the design, development, or both, of the next generation interceptor.
		(2) VALIDATION.—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall validate the preliminary findings of the cost assessment conducted under paragraph (1) that will be used to inform the award of a contract for the design, development, or both, of the next generation interceptor.
		(3) SUBMISSION.—Not later than the date on which the Director of the Missile Defense Agency awards a contract for the design, development, or both, of the next generation interceptor, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the preliminary findings of the independent cost assessment under paragraph (1) and the validation under paragraph (2).
	(d) FLIGHT TESTS.—In addition to the requirements of section 2399 of title 10, United States Code, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency may not make any decision regarding the initial production, or equivalent, of the next generation interceptor unless the Director has—