PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4117

(A) ELEMENTS.—The Secretary of Defense shall, when completing the report required under paragraph (1), take into consideration existing Federal childhood cyber education programs, including the programs identified in the report required under section 1649 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116– 92) and the Department of Homeland Security’s Cybersecurity Education and Training Assistance Program (CETAP), that can provide opportunities to military-connected students and members of the Armed Forces to pursue cyber careers.

(B) DEFINITION.—In this paragraph, the term “military-connected student” means an individual who—
(i) is a dependent a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty; and
(ii) is enrolled in a preschool, an elementary or secondary school, or an institution of higher education.

SEC. 1727. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR CROSS DOMAIN INCIDENTS AND EXEMPTIONS TO POLICIES FOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.
(a) INCIDENT REPORTING.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Effective beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military services shall submit to the congressional defense committees a monthly report in writing that documents each instance of indication of a cross-domain incident within the Department of Defense.

(2) PROCEDURES.—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees procedures for complying with the requirements of paragraph (1) consistent with the national security of the United States and the protection of operational integrity. The Secretary shall promptly notify such committees in writing of any changes to such procedures at least 14 days prior to the adoption of any such changes.

(3) DEFINITION.—In this subsection, the term “cross domain incident” means any unauthorized connection of any duration between software, hardware, or both that is either used on, or designed for use on a network or system built for classified data, and systems not accredited or authorized at the same or higher classification level, including systems on the public internet, regardless of whether the unauthorized connection is later determined to have resulted in the exfiltration, exposure, or spillage of data across the cross domain connection.

(b) EXEMPTIONS TO POLICY FOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act and biannually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense and the secretaries of the military services shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report in writing that enumerates and details each current exemption to information technology policy, interim Authority To Operate (ATO) order, or both. Each such report shall include other relevant information pertaining to each such exemption, including relating to the following:
(1) Risk categorization.
(2) Duration.
(3) Estimated time remaining.