134 STAT. 4402      PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

    ‘‘(i) be incurred prior to the date on which assist-
    ance is provided; and
    ‘‘(ii) include a loan agreement, a commitment from
    investors, cash on balance sheet, or other contributions
    determined acceptable by the Secretary.
    ‘‘(B) DETERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS.—In deter-
    mining whether a project meets the criteria under clauses
    (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), and (vi) of subsection (c)(6)(A), the Sec-
    retary shall accept documentation used to obtain a commit-
    ment of the matching funds covered by this paragraph,
    including feasibility studies, business plans, investor
    prospectuses, loan applications, or similar documentation.’’;
    and
    (4) in subsection (e)(3), as so redesignated—
    (A) by inserting ‘‘or subsection (d)’’ after ‘‘subsection
    (c)’’; and
    (B) by striking ‘‘to port authorities or commissions
    or their subdivisions and agents’’ and inserting ‘‘to any
    eligible applicants as described in subsection (c)(2)’’.

SEC. 3505. MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM EMERGENCY RELIEF
           PROGRAM.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 503 of title 46, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the following:

‘‘§ 50308. Maritime transportation system emergency relief
                program

    ‘‘(a) GENERAL AUTHORITY.—The Maritime Administrator may
    make grants to, and enter into contracts and agreements with,
    eligible State and Tribal entities and eligible entities for—
        ‘‘(1) the costs of capital projects to protect, repair,
        reconstruct, or replace equipment and facilities of the United
        States maritime transportation system that the
        Administrator determines is in danger of suffering serious phys-
        ical damage, or has suffered serious physical damage, as a
        result of an emergency; and
        ‘‘(2) eligible operating costs of United States maritime
        transportation equipment and facilities in an area directly
        affected by an emergency during—
            ‘‘(A) the one-year period beginning on the date of a
            declaration of an emergency referred to in subparagraph
            (A) or (B) of subsection (j)(4); and
            ‘‘(B) an additional one-year period beginning one year
            after the date of an emergency referred to in subparagraph
            (A) or (B) of subsection (j)(4), if the Maritime Administrator,
            in consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Emer-
            gency Management Administration, determines there is a
            compelling need arising out of the emergency for which
            the declaration is made.
    ‘‘(b) ALLOCATION.—
        ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Maritime Administrator shall deter-
        mine an appropriate method for the equitable allocation and
        distribution of funds under this section to eligible State and
        Tribal entities and eligible entities.