PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                134 STAT. 3653

(C) The level of satisfaction of military families with
special needs with the family and medical support they
are provided.
(7) A requirement that the Secretary of each military
   department provide legal services by an attorney, trained in
   education law, at each military installation—
(A) the Secretary determines is a primary receiving
   installation for military families with special needs; and
(B) in a State that the Secretary determines has
historically not supported families enrolled in the EFMP.
(8) The option for a family enrolled in the EFMP to continue
   to receive all services under that program and a family separa-
   tion allowance, if otherwise authorized, if—
(A) the covered member receives a new permanent
duty station; and
(B) the covered member and family elect for the family
not to relocate with the covered member.
(9) The solicitation of feedback from military families with
special needs, and discussions of challenges and best practices
of the EFMP, using existing family advisory organizations.
(c) CASE MANAGEMENT.—The Secretary of Defense, in coordina-
   tion with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall develop
   an EFMP case management model, including the following:
(1) A single EFMP office, located at the headquarters of
each covered Armed Force, to oversee implementation of the
EFMP and coordinate health care services, permanent change
of station order processing, and educational support services
for that covered Armed Force.
(2) An EFMP office at each military installation with case
managers to assist each family of a covered member in the
development of a plan that addresses the areas specified in
subsection (b)(1).
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the
   enactment of the Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to
   the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House
   of Representatives a report on the implementation of this section,
   including any recommendations of the Secretary regarding addi-
   tional legislation.
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
   (1) The term ‘‘covered Armed Force’’ means an Armed
Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military
department.
   (2) The term ‘‘covered member’’ means a member—
(A) of a covered Armed Force; and
(B) with a dependent with special needs.

SEC. 583. SUPPORT SERVICES FOR MEMBERS OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS
                     FORCES AND IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1788a of title 10, United States Code,
is amended—
(1) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘Support pro-
grams: special operations forces personnel; immediate
family members’’;
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for the immediate family
members of members of the armed forces assigned to special
operations forces’’;