134 STAT. 3546	                                 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

include each of the following for the year covered by the report and each of the preceding 3 years:

(1) 	A list of each waiver, exemption, and secretarial exemp- tion or certification provided with respect to any Department of Defense munitions safety standard.

(2) 	For each such waiver, exemption, or certification pro- vided—
(A)	the location where the waiver, exemption, or certifi- cation was provided;
(B)	a summary of the justification used for providing the waiver, exemption, or certification;
(C) 	the time period during which the waiver, exemp- tion, or certification applies and the number of times such a waiver, exemption, or certification has been provided at that location; and
(D) 	a list of all safety-related mishaps that occurred at locations where waivers, exemptions, or certifications were in place, and for each such mishap, whether or not a subsequent investigation determined the waiver, exemp- tion, or certification was related or may have been related to the mishap.
(3) 	A list and summary of all class A through class E mishaps related to the construction, storage, transportation, usage, and demilitarization of munitions.
(4) 	Any mitigation efforts in place at any location where a waiver, exemption, or certification has been provided or where a safety-related mishap has occurred.
(5) 	Such other matters as the Secretary determines appro- priate.
(b) MUNITIONS DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘munitions’’ includes ammunition, explosives, and chemical agents.

Subtitle E—Other Matters

SEC. 361. PILOT PROGRAM FOR TEMPORARY ISSUANCE OF MATER- NITY-RELATED UNIFORM ITEMS.

(a) PILOT PROGRAM.—The Director of the Defense Logistics Agency, in coordination with the Secretaries concerned, shall carry out a pilot program for issuing maternity-related uniform items to pregnant members of the Armed Forces, on a temporary basis and at no cost to such member. In carrying out the pilot program, the Director shall take the following actions:
(1) The Director shall maintain a stock of each type of maternity-related uniform item determined necessary by the Secretary concerned, including service uniforms items, utility uniform items, and other items relating to the command and duty assignment of the member requiring issuance.
(2) 	The Director shall ensure that such items have not been treated with the chemical permethrin.
(3) 	The Director, in coordination with the Secretary con- cerned, shall determine a standard number of maternity-related uniform items that may be issued per member.
(4) 	The Secretary concerned shall ensure that any member receiving a maternity-related uniform item returns such item to the relevant office established under paragraph (1) on the