134 STAT. 3990        PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

            (C) An assessment of the impact of such a reduction on the ability of the Department of Defense to execute the National Defense Strategy.
            (D) A description of any consultation with the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development with respect to such a reduction and the potential impact that such a reduction would have on diplomatic, developmental, or humanitarian efforts in Africa.
            (E) A description of any consultation with United States allies and partners with respect to such a reduction.
            (F) Any other matters determined to be relevant by the Secretary of Defense.
        
        (b) REPORT REQUIRED.—
            (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days after the date of a reduction in the number of covered United States Armed Forces described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report that includes the following:
                (A) The average number of covered United States Armed Forces by month for each of the fiscal years 2019 and 2020.
                (B) The anticipated number of covered United States Armed Forces in 2021.
                (C) An assessment of the threat posed by violent extremest organizations in the AFRICOM AOR and a detailed description of the Department of Defense’s plan to degrade such organizations.
                (D) A detailed description of the Department of Defense’s plan to counter the military influence of China and Russia in the AFRICOM AOR.
                (E) A detailed assessment of the anticipated effect that such a reduction would have on military and intelligence efforts in the AFRICOM AOR.
            (2) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.

        (c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
            (1) AFRICOM AOR.—The term “AFRICOM AOR” means the United States Africa Command area of responsibility.
            (2) COVERED UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES.—The term “covered United States Armed Forces”—
                (A) means United States Armed Forces that are deployed to the AFRICOM AOR and under the command authority and operational control of the Commander of United States Africa Command; but
                (B) does not include—
                    (i) forces deployed in conjunction with other Commands;
                    (ii) forces participating in joint exercises;
                    (iii) forces used to assist in emergency situations; and
                    (iv) forces designated or assigned for diplomatic or embassy security.