134 STAT. 4338		PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

and the House of Representatives a report on the progress made in implementing this section.
		(2) REPORT ELEMENTS.—The report shall include the following:
			(A) The methodology developed under subsection (b) to conduct water management and security assessments.
			(B) A list of the military installations that have been assessed using such methodology and a description of the findings.
			(C) A list of planned assessments for the one-year period beginning on the date of the submission of the report.
			(D) An evaluation of the progress made on implementation of xeriscaping and other regionally appropriate landscaping practices at military installations. 
	(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
		(1) The term ‘‘net zero water usage’’, with respect to a military installation or installation activity, means a situation in which the combination of limitations on the consumption of water resources and the return of water to an original water source by the installation or activity is sufficient to prevent any reduction in the water resources of the area in both quantity and quality over a reasonable period of time.
		(2) The terms ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ and ‘‘Secretary’’ mean the Secretary of a military department and the Secretary of Defense with respect to the Pentagon Reservation.
		(3) The term ‘‘xeriscaping’’ means landscape design that emphasizes low water use and drought-tolerant plants that require little or no supplemental irrigation.

10 USC 2687a note.
SEC. 2828. PROHIBITION RELATING TO CLOSURE OR RETURN TO HOST NATION OF EXISTING MILITARY INSTALLATIONS, INFRASTRUCTURE, OR REAL PROPERTY IN EUROPE.

	(a) PROHIBITION ON CLOSURE OR RETURN.—Except as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall not implement any activity that closes or returns to the host nation any military installation, infrastructure, or real property in Europe that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, is under the operational control of the Department of Defense or a military department and is utilized by the United States Armed Forces.
	(b) WAIVER AND EXCEPTION.—The Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that there is no longer a foreseeable need for the military installation, infrastructure, or real property, or a portion of the military installation in the case of a partial closure and return of a military installation, to support a permanent or rotational United States military presence in the European theater.

Subtitle D—Land Conveyances
SEC. 2831. LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMP NAVAJO, ARIZONA.

	(a) CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED.—The Secretary of the Army may convey, without consideration, to the State of Arizona Department of Emergency and Military Affairs (in this section referred to as the ‘‘State’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in