134 STAT. 4002

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Recommendations.
	‘‘(C) Such recommendations as the Secretary may have 
	for legislative or administrative action relating to the mat-
	ters described in subsection (a), including actions related 
	to foreign talent programs.
	‘‘(D) Identification and discussion of the gaps in legal 
	authorities that need to be improved to enhance the secu-
	rity of research institutions of higher education performing 
	defense research.
	‘‘(E) A description of the actions taken by such ins-
	titutions to comply with such best practices and guidelines 
	as may be established by under the initiative.
	‘‘(F) Identification of any incident relating to undue 
	influence to security threats to academic research activities 
	funded by the Department of Defense, including theft of 
	property or intellectual property relating to a project funded 
	by the Department at an institution of higher education.
	 ‘‘(3) FORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) 
	shall be submitted in both unclassified and classified formats, 
	as appropriate.
	 ‘‘(f) PUBLICATION OF UPDATED LISTS.—
	 ‘‘(1) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—Not later than January 1, 
	2021, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to 
	the congressional defense committees the most recently updated 
	lists described in paragraphs (8) and (9) of subsection (c).
	‘‘(2) FORM.—Each list submitted under paragraph (1) shall 
	be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified 
	annex.
	 ‘‘(3) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—Each list submitted under para-
	graph (1) shall be published on a publicly accessible internet 
	website of the Department of Defense in a searchable format.
	 ‘‘(4) INTERVENING SUBMITTAL AND PUBLICATION.—The Sec-
	retary may submit and publish an updated list described in 
	paragraph (1) more frequently than required by that paragraph, 
	as the Secretary considers necessary.
	 ‘‘(g) DESIGNATION OF ACADEMIC LIAISON.—
	 ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date 
	of the enactment of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
	Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021, the Secretary, 
	acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research 
	and Engineering, shall designate an academic liaison with prin-
	cipal responsibility for working with the academic and research
	communities to protect Department-sponsored academic 
	research of concern from undue foreign influence and threats.
	 ‘‘(2) QUALIFICATION.—The Secretary shall designate an 
	individual under paragraph (1) who is an official of the Office 
	of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and 
	Engineering.
	 ‘‘(3) DUTIES.—The duties of the academic liaison designated 
	under paragraph (1) shall be as follows:
	  ‘‘(A) To serve as the liaison of the Department with 
	the academic and research communities.
	  ‘‘(B) To execute initiatives of the Department related 
	to the protection of Department-sponsored academic 
	research of concern from undue foreign influence and 
	threats, including the initiative required by subsection (a).
	  ‘‘(C) To conduct outreach and education activities for 
	the academic and research communities on undue foreign

Deadline.

Deadline.