134 STAT. 3628		          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(C) by redesignating subsections (m) and (n) as subsections (n) and (o), respectively; and
(D) by inserting after subsection (l) the following new subsections (l) and (m):

Coordination. “(l)(1) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, shall establish metrics to measure—
“(A) efforts to reflect across all grades comprising the officer and enlisted corps of each armed force the diverse population of the United States eligible to serve in the armed forces; and
“(B) the efforts of the armed forces to generate and maintain a ready military force that will prevail in war, prevent and deter conflict, defeat adversaries, and succeed in a wide range of contingencies.
“(2) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, shall—
Data.		“(A) ensure that data elements, data collection methodologies, and reporting processes and structures pertinent to each metric established pursuant to that paragraph are comparable across the armed forces, to the extent practicable;
“(B) establish standard classifications that members of the armed forces may use to self-identify their gender, race, or ethnicity, which classifications shall be consistent with Office of Management and Budget Number Directive 15, entitled ‘Race and Ethnic Standards for Federal Statistics and Administrative Reporting’, or any successor directive;
“(C) define conscious and unconscious bias with respect to matters of diversity and inclusion, and provide guidance to eliminate such bias;
“(D) conduct a barrier analysis to review demographic diversity patterns across the military life cycle, starting component of service; selection for career development schools and education programs; and rates of advancement and retention. The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that such data collection includes all appropriate self-identification issues, confidentiality protections, and safeguards to preserve the service reputations of members of the armed forces while ensuring that the armed forces have the information necessary to carry out the Secretary’s functions under this section; and
Analysis.                “(E) develop and implement plans and processes to ensure Reviews. that advertising and marketing to promote enlistment or accession into the armed forces is representative of the diverse and qualified population of the United States eligible to serve in the armed forces.
“(3) Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military department, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall develop and implement a plan and strategy to implement this section, and shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on such plan and strategy.

Plans.			“(4) The plans and strategy developed under paragraph (3) shall—
“(A) prioritize addressing barriers to diversity; 
“(B) address retention and inclusion; 
“(C) address bias training, including training to understand conscious and unconscious bias; and 
“(D) be in accordance with the requirements of the Disposition of Remains Act of 2000 (10 U.S.C. 1481 note).
Time period.
       “(5) Not later than one year after the date of enactment of Assessment. this Act and annually thereafter, the Defense Advisory Recommendations. Committee on Diversity and Inclusion in the Armed Forces shall submit to the Com- mittees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate comments and recommendations based on the Secretary’s report required under paragraph (6).
“(6) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary upon Diversity and Inclusion in the Armed Forces, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on— Reports.

Coordination.
(A) the metrics established under paragraph (1);
(B) the aggregate findings of the barrier analyses conducted under paragraph (2)(D); 
(C) a summary of the data collected under paragraph (2), disaggregated by armed force and by component as appropriate, etent to which each armed force has incorporated 
inter-service diversity goals and metrics into the plans developed under paragraph (4); 
(D) an analysis of the plans developed under different grades across the armed forces, disaggregated by region and area of conflict; 
(E) a statement of the actions taken to address retention and inclusion issues in the armed forces;
(F) a summary of the climate survey results referenced by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget submission for fiscal year 2021; 
(G) plans, strategy, and a timeline for implementing each component of the Department of Defense Diversity and Inclusion Strategic Plan 2012–2017 in the armed forces and for ensuring such plans, strategy, and timeline are adequate to address the Secretary’s functions are section; and 
(H) any other relevant matters. ordem the Secretary shall ensure that the report under this section does not include personally identifiable information of any member of the armed forces.

Coordination. Reports.
“(m) Accompanying each national defense strategy provided to the congressional defense committees in accordance with subsection (g)(1)(D), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, shall provide a report that sets forth a detailed discussion, current as of the preceding fiscal year, of the following: