PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3695

(1) IN GENERAL.—During the two-year period beginning
on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the requirements described in paragraph (2) shall
not apply with respect to the voluntary collection of information
during the conduct of research and program evaluations—
(A) conducted or sponsored by the Uniformed Services
University of the Health Sciences; and
(B) funded through the Defense Health Program.
(2) REQUIREMENTS DESCRIBED.—The requirements described in this paragraph are the requirements under the following provisions of law:
(A) Section 3506(c) of title 44, United States Code.
(B) Sections 3507 and 3508 of such title.
(b) REPORTS.—
(1) INTERIM REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the preliminary findings with respect to—
(A) the estimated time saved by the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences (if applicable) by reason of the exemption under paragraph (1) of subsection (a) to requirements described in paragraph (2) of such subsection;
(B) the research within the scope of such exemption that has been initiated, is ongoing, or has been completed during the period in which the exemption is in effect;
(C) the estimated cost savings by the University that can be attributed to such exemption; and
(D) the additional burdens upon the research subjects of the University that are attributable to such exemption.
(2) UPDATED REPORT.—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing—
(A) updated information with respect to the matters under paragraph (1); and
(B) any recommendations with respect to policy or legislative actions regarding the exemption under paragraph (1) of subsection (a) to requirements described in paragraph (2) of such subsection.
(c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means—
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives; and
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.

SEC. 717. MODIFICATION TO LIMITATION ON THE REALIGNMENT OR REDUCTION OF MILITARY MEDICAL MANNING END STRENGTH.

Section 719 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1454) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may not realign or reduce military medical end strength authorizations until’’ and inserting the following: