PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021           134 STAT. 4011

and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.

SEC. 1299I. ASSESSMENT OF WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION TER-
    RORISM.

(a) ASSESSMENT.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation 
with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Energy, shall 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences—
(1) to conduct an assessment of strategies of the United States for preventing, countering, and responding to nuclear, biological, and chemical terrorism; and
(2) to make recommendations to improve such strategies.
(b) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The assessment and rec-ommendations required by subsection (a) shall address the adequacy of strategies described in such subsection and identify technical, policy, and resource gaps with respect to—
(1) identifying national and international nuclear, biological, and chemical risks, and critical emerging threats;
(2) preventing state-sponsored and non-state actors from acquiring or misusing the technologies, materials, and critical expertise needed to carry out nuclear, biological, and chemical attacks, including dual-use technologies, materials, and exper-tise;
(3) countering efforts by state-sponsored and non-state actors to carry out such attacks;
(4) responding to nuclear, biological, and chemical terrorism incidents to attribute their origin and help manage their con-sequences;
(5) budgets likely to be required to implement effectively such strategies; and
(6) other important matters that are directly relevant to such strategies.
(c) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains the assessment and recommendations required by subsection (a).
(2) FORM.—The report required by this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.
(d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees” means—
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Committee on Armed Services, and Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, Committee on Armed Services, and Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.