134 STAT. 4128          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                             Recommendations.
(9) Recommendations with respect to threat information
      sharing progam participation, including the following:
      (A) Incentives for defense industrial base entities to
           participate in the threat information sharing program.
      (B) Mandating minimum levels of threat information
           sharing program participation for any entity that is part
           of the defense industrial base.
      (C) Procurement prohibitions on any defense industrial
           base entity that are not in compliance with the require-
           ments of the threat information sharing program.
      (D) Waiver authority and criteria.
      (E) Adopting tiers of requirements for participation
            within the threat information sharing program based on—
            (i) the role of and relative threats related to
                 defense industrial base entities; and
            (ii) Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification
                 level.
    (10) Options to utilize an existing federally recognized
           information sharing program to satisfy the requirements for
           a threat information sharing program if—
           (A) the existing program includes, or is modified to
               include, two-way sharing of threat information that is
               specifically relevant to the defense industrial base; and
           (B) such a program is coordinated with other Federal
                Government agencies with existing information sharing
                programs where overlap occurs.
    (11) Methods to encourage participation of defense indus-
          trial base entities in appropriate private sector information
          sharing and analysis centers (ISACs).
    (12) Methods to coordinate collectively with defense indus-
          trial base entities to consider methods for mitigating compliance
          costs.
    (13) The resources needed, governance roles and structures
          required, and changes in regulation or law needed for execution
          of a threat information sharing program, as well as any other
          considerations determined relevant by the Secretary.
    (14) Identification of any barriers that would prevent the
          establishment of a defense industrial base threat information
          sharing programa.
                          Recommendations.
    (c) CONSULTATION.—In conducting the assessment required
          under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with
          and solicit recommendations from representative industry stake-
          holders across the defense industrial base regarding the elements
          described in subsection (b) and potential stakeholder costs of compli-
          ance
    (d) DETERMINATION AND BRIEFING.—Upon completion of the
         assessment required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense
         shall make a determination regarding the establishment by the
         end of fiscal year 2021 of a defense industrial base threat informa-
         tion sharing program and provide a briefing to the Committee
         on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed
         Services of the House of Representatives on—
         (1) the findings of the Secretary with respect to such assess-
              ment and such determination; and
                              Plans.
         (2) such implementation plans as the Secretary may have
              arising from such findings.