PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 4095

“(B) does not include personal devices and systems, such as consumer mobile devices, home computers, residential wireless routers, or residential internet enabled consumer devices.
“(2) AUTHORITY.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—If the Director identifies a system connected to the internet with a specific security vulnerability and has reason to believe such security vulnerability relates to critical infrastructure and affects a covered device or system, and the Director is unable to identify the entity at risk that owns or operates such covered device or system, the Director may issue a subpoena for the production of information necessary to identify and notify such entity at risk, in order to carry out a function authorized under subsection (c)(12).
“(B) LIMIT ON INFORMATION.—A subpoena issued pursuant to subparagraph (A) may seek information—
“(i) only in the categories set forth in subparagraphs (A), (B), (D), and (E) of section 2703(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code; and
“(ii) for not more than 20 covered devices or systems.
“(C) LIABILITY PROTECTIONS FOR DISCLOSING PROVIDERS.—The provisions of section 2703(e) of title 18, United States Code, shall apply to any subpoena issued pursuant to subparagraph (A).
“(3) COORDINATION.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—If the Director exercises the subpoena authority under this subsection, and in the interest of avoiding interference with ongoing law enforcement investigations, the Director shall coordinate the issuance of any such subpoena with the Department of Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation, pursuant to interagency procedures which the Director, in coordination with the Attorney General, shall develop not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection.
“(B) CONTENTS.—The inter-agency procedures developed under this paragraph shall provide that a subpoena issued by the Director under this subsection shall be—
“(i) issued to carry out a function described in subsection (c)(12); and
“(ii) subject to the limitations specified in this subsection.
“(4) NONCOMPLIANCE.—If any person, partnership, corporation, association, or entity fails to comply with any duly served subpoena issued pursuant to this subsection, the Director may request that the Attorney General seek enforcement of such subpoena in any judicial district in which such person, partnership, corporation, association, or entity resides, is found, or transacts business.
“(5) NOTICE.—Not later than seven days after the date on which the Director receives information obtained through a subpoena issued pursuant to this subsection, the Director shall notify any entity identified by information obtained pursuant to such subpoena regarding such subpoena and the identified vulnerability.