PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4013

(A) A description of the benefits to the United States, and the allies and partners of the United States, of establishing such a functional center, including the manner in which the establishment of such a functional center would enhance and sustain focus on, and advance knowledge and understanding of, matters of irregular warfare, including cybersecurity, nonstate actors, information operations, counterterrorism, stability operations, and the hybridization of such matters.
(B) A detailed description of the mission and purpose of such a functional center, including applicable policy guidance from the Office of the Secretary of Defense.
(C) An analysis of appropriate reporting and liaison relationships between such a functional center and—
    (i) the geographic and functional combatant commands;
    (ii) other Department of Defense stakeholders; and
    (iii) other government and nongovernment entities and organizations.
(D) An enumeration and valuation of criteria applicable to the determination of a suitable location for such a functional center.
(E) A description of the establishment and operational costs of such a functional center, including for—
    (i) military construction for required facilities;
    (ii) facility renovation;
    (iii) personnel costs for faculty and staff; and
    (iv) other costs the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate.
(F) An evaluation of the existing infrastructure, resources, and personnel available at military installations, existing regional centers, interagency facilities, and universities and other academic and research institutions that could reduce the costs described in subparagraph (E).
(G) An examination of partnership opportunities with United States allies and partners for potential collaboration and burden sharing.
(H) A description of potential courses and programs that such a functional center could carry out, including—
    (i) core, specialized, and advanced courses;
    (ii) planning workshops and structured after-action reviews or debriefs;
    (iii) seminars;
    (iv) initiatives on executive development, relationship building, partnership outreach, and any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate; and
    (v) focused academic research and studies in support of Department priorities.
(I) A description of any modification to title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law, necessary for the effective establishment and administration of such a functional center.
(3) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.

(b) ESTABLISHMENT.—