134 STAT. 4350          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

    ‘‘(i) a description of the officials and other individ-
uals to be invited to participate as members in the
executive committee under subparagraph (C);
    ‘‘(ii) a description of the duties of the Chairperson
and Vice Chairperson of the executive committee; and
    ‘‘(iii) subject to subparagraphs (D) and (E), a proce-
dure for—
    ‘‘(I) creating a forum to carry out the purpose
described in subparagraph (A);
    ‘‘(II) rotating the Chairperson of the executive
committee; and
    ‘‘(III) scheduling regular meetings of the execu-
tive committee.
    ‘‘(C) MEMBERSHIP.—The executive committee shall be
comprised of—
    ‘‘(i) 1 representative of the Nevada Department
of Wildlife;
    ‘‘(ii) 1 representative of the Nevada Department
of Conservation and Natural Resources;
    ‘‘(iii) 1 county commissioner from each of Churchill,
Lyon, Nye, Mineral, and Pershing Counties, Nevada;
    ‘‘(iv) 1 representative of each Indian tribe in the
vicinity of the land described in paragraph (2); and
    ‘‘(v) not more than 3 members that the Secretary
of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior jointly
determine would advance the goals and objectives of
the executive committee.
    ‘‘(D) CHAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON.—The mem-
bers of the executive committee shall elect from among
the members—
    ‘‘(i) 1 member to serve as Chairperson of the execu-
tive committee; and
    ‘‘(ii) 1 member to serve as Vice Chairperson of
the executive committee.
    ‘‘(E) MEETINGS.—
    ‘‘(i) FREQUENCY.—The executive committee shall
meet not less frequently than 3 times each calendar
year.
    ‘‘(ii) LOCATION.—The location of the meetings of
the executive committee shall rotate to facilitate ease
of access for all members of the executive committee.
    ‘‘(iii) PUBLIC ACCESSIBILITY.—The meetings of the
executive committee shall—
    ‘‘(I) be open to the public; and
    ‘‘(II) serve as a forum for the public to provide
comments regarding the natural and cultural
resources of the land described in paragraph (2).
    ‘‘(F) CONDITIONS AND TERMS.—
    ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Each member of the executive
committee shall serve voluntarily and without com-
pensation.
    ‘‘(ii) TERM OF APPOINTMENT.—
    ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in sub-
clause (II)(bb), each member of the executive com-
mittee shall be appointed for a term of 4 years.
    ‘‘(II) ORIGINAL MEMBERS.—Of the members ini-
tially appointed to the executive committee, the