134 STAT. 3614               PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

in paragraph (2), in any system of records, records database, records center, or repository maintained by or on behalf of the Department.
   (b) COVERED PERSONS.—For purposes of this section, a covered person is any person whose name was placed or reported, or is maintained—
       (1) in the subject or title block of a law enforcement or criminal investigative report of the Department of Defense (or any component of the Department);
       (2) as an item or entry in the Department of Defense Central Index of Investigations; or
       (3) in any other record maintained in connection with a report described in paragraph (1), or an index item or entry described in paragraph (2), in any system of records, records database, records center, or repository maintained by or on behalf of the Department.
   (c) ELEMENTS.—The policy and process required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements:
       (1) BASIS FOR CORRECTION OR EXPUNGEMENT.—That the name, personally identifying information, and other information of a covered person shall be corrected in, or expunged or otherwise removed from, a report, item or entry, or record described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a) in the following circumstances:
           (A) Probable cause did not or does not exist to believe that the offense for which the person’s name was placed or reported, or is maintained, in the report, item, entry, or record occurred, or insufficient evidence existed or exists to determine whether or not such offense occurred.
           (B) Probable cause did not or does not exist to believe that the person actually committed the offense for which the person’s name was so placed or reported in, or is so maintained, or insufficient evidence existed or exists to determine whether or not the person actually committed such offense.
           (C) Such other circumstances, or on such other bases, as the Secretary may specify in establishing the policy and process, which circumstances and bases may not be inconsistent with the circumstances and bases provided by subparagraphs (A) and (B).
       (2) CONSIDERATIONS.—While not dispositive as the existence of a circumstance or basis set forth in paragraph (1), the following shall be considered in the determination whether such circumstance or basis applies to a covered person for purposes of this section:
           (A) The extent or lack of corroborating evidence against the covered person concerned with respect to the offense at issue.
           (B) Whether adverse administrative, disciplinary, judicial, or other such action was initiated against the covered person for the offense at issue.
           (C) The type, nature, and outcome of any action described in subparagraph (B) against the covered person.
      (3) PROCEDURES.—The policy and process required by subsection (a) shall include procedures as follows:
           (A) Procedures under which a covered person may appeal a determination of the applicable component of the