134 STAT. 4836         PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

          (1) SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION.—No award may be made

under this section based on information submitted to the Sec­
retary unless such information is submitted under penalty of  
perjury.
               (2) MAXIMUM AMOUNT.—No reward paid under this section

may exceed $5 million, unless the Secretary—
(A) personally authorizes such greater amount in writing;
Determination. (B) determines that offer or payment of a reward of a greater amount is necessary due to the exceptional nature of the case; and 
Notification. (C) notifies the appropriate committees of the Congress of such determination.
(3) APPROVAL.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—No reward amount may be paid under this section without the written approval of the Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and the Attorney General.
(B) DELEGATION.—The Secretary may not delegate the approval required under subparagraph (A) to anyone other than an Under Secretary of the Department of the Treasury. 
Determination. (4) PROTECTION MEASURES.--If the Secretary determines that the identity of the recipient of a reward or of the members of the recipient’s immediate family must be protected, the Sec­ retary shall, consistent with applicable law, take such measures in connection with the payment of the reward as the Secretary considers necessary to effect such protection.
               (5) FORMS OF REWARD PAYMENT.—The Secretary may make

a reward under this section in the form of a monetary payment.
(f) INELIGIBILITY, REDUCTION IN, OR DENIAL OF REWARD.—
(1) OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES.—An officer or employee of any entity of Federal, State, or local government or of a foreign government who, while in the performance of official duties, furnishes information described under subsection (b) shall not be eligible for a reward under this section.
(2) PARTICIPATING INDIVIDUALS.—If the claim for a reward
is brought by an individual who the Secretary has a reasonable basis to believe knowingly planned, initiated, directly partici­pated in, or facilitated the actions that led to assets of a foreign state or governmental entity being stolen, misappro­priated, or illegally diverted or to the payment of bribes or other foreign governmental corruption, the Secretary shall appropriately reduce, and may deny, such award. If such indi­vidual is convicted of criminal conduct arising from the role described in the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall deny or may seek to recover any reward, as the case may be.
(3) REPORT.—
                (A) IN GENERAL.—Within 180 days of the enactment of  
Time period. this section, and annually thereafter for 3 years, the Secretary shall issue a report to the appropriate committees of the Con­gress—
(i) detailing to the greatest extent possible the amount, location, and ownership or beneficial ownership of any stolen assets that, on or after the date of the enact­ment of this section, come within the United States or