134 STAT. 3898               PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(c) POSITIONS.—The positions described in this subsection are positions that require expertise of an extremely high level in innovative leadership and management of enterprise-wide business operations, including financial management, health care, supply chain and logistics, information technology, real property stewardship, and human resources, across a large and complex organization.
(d) RATE OF BASIC PAY.—Without regard to the basic pay authorities in sections 5376, 5382, 5383 and 9903 of title 5, United States Code, the pay authority specified in this subsection is authority as follows:
     (1) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for a position at a rate not to exceed 150 percent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval of the applicable official under subsection (b).
     (2) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for a position at a rate in excess of 150 percent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval of the Secretary of Defense.
(e) LIMITATIONS.—
     (1) IN GENERAL.—The authority in subsection (a) may be used only to the extent necessary to competitively recruit or retain individuals exceptionally well qualified for positions described in subsection (c).
     (2) NUMBER OF POSITIONS.—The authority in subsection (a) may not be used with respect to—
          (A) more than 10 positions in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and components of the Department of Defense other than the military departments at any one time; and
          (B) more than five positions in each military department at any one time.
     (3) TERM OF POSITIONS.—The authority in subsection (a) may be used only for positions having terms less than five years.
     (4) PAST SERVICE.—An individual may not be appointed to a position pursuant to the authority provided by subsection (a) if the individual separated or retired from Federal civil service or service as a commissioned officer of an Armed Force on a date that is less than five years before the date of such appointment of the individual.
(f) TERMINATION.—
     (1) IN GENERAL.—The authority to fix rates of basic pay for a position under this section shall terminate on October 1, 2025.
     (2) CONTINUATION OF PAY.—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to prohibit the payment after October 1, 2025, of basic pay at rates fixed under this section before that date for positions whose terms continue after that date.

SEC. 1120. RECRUITMENT INCENTIVES FOR PLACEMENT AT REMOTE LOCATIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 81 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
10 USC 1599j.

“§ 1599j. Recruitment incentives for placement at remote locations
          “(a) RECRUITMENT INCENTIVE.—