PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3911

“(1) pay the equitable share of the Department of Defense for the recurring and nonrecurring costs of the applicable program referred to in subsection (a)(1) from funds available to the Department for operation and maintenance; and
“(2) assign members of the armed forces or Department of Defense civilian personnel to fulfill Department obligations under that arrangement or agreement.”.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter, as amended by section 1202, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: “2350o. Participation in programs relating to coordination or exchange of air refueling and air transportation services.”.
(c) REPEAL.—Section 1276 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 U.S.C. 2350e note) is repealed.
SEC. 1204. RECIPROCAL PATIENT MOVEMENT AGREEMENTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter 138 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1203, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: “§ 2350p. Reciprocal patient movement agreements

“(a) AUTHORITY.—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may enter into a bilateral or multilateral memorandum of understanding or other formal agreement with one or more governments of partner countries that provides for—
“(1) the interchangeable, reimbursable use of patient movement personnel, either individually or as members of patient movement crew or team, and equipment, belonging to one partner country to perform patient movement services aboard the aircraft, vessels, or vehicles of another partner country;
“(2) the reciprocal recognition and acceptance of—
“(A) national professional credentials, certifications, and licenses of patient movement personnel; and
“(B) national certifications, approvals, and licenses of equipment used in the provision of patient movement services; and
“(3) the acceptance of agreed-upon standards for the provision of patient movement services by aircraft, vessel, or vehicle, including, as determined to be beneficial and otherwise permitted by law, the harmonization of patient treatment standards and procedures.
“(b) CERTIFICATION.—(1) Before entering into a memorandum of understanding or other formal agreement with the government of a partner country under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall certify in writing that the professional credentials, certifications, licenses, and approvals for patient movement personnel and patient movement equipment of the partner country—
“(A) meet or exceed the equivalent standards of the United States for similar personnel and equipment; and
“(B) will provide for a level of care comparable to, or better than, the level of care provided by the Department of Defense.
“(2) A certification under paragraph (1) shall be—
“(A) submitted to the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes the certification; and
