134 STAT. 3516          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
              (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); 
                          and
              (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new
                         paragraph (3):
                         ‘‘(3) maintaining or improving military installation resil-
                                      ience; or’’; and
                            (2) by amending subsection (h) to read as follows:
                                              ‘‘(h) INTERAGENCY COOPERATION IN CONSERVATION AND RESIL- 
                        IENCE PROGRAMS TO AVOID OR REDUCE ADVERSE IMPACTS ON MILI- 
                        TARY INSTALLATION RESILIENCE AND MILITARY READINESS ACTIIV- 
                        TIES.-In order to facilitate interagency cooperation and enhance
                        the effectiveness of actions that will protect the environment, mili- 
                        tary installation resilience, and military readiness, the recipient
                       of funds provided pursuant to an agreement under this section 
                      or under the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670 et seq.) may, with regard
                        to the lands and waters within the scope of the agreement, use 
                        such funds to satisfy any matching funds or cost-sharing require-
                       ment of any conservation or resilience program of any Federal
                         agency notwithstanding any limitation of such program on the 
                       source of matching or cost-sharing funds.’’.

             SEC. 316. ENERGY RESILIENCE AND ENERGY SECURITY MEASURES 
                                               ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS.
               (a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter I of chapter 173 of title 10, United
               States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2919 the fol- 
               lowing new section:
               ‘‘§ 2920. Energy resilience and energy security measures on 
                                                military installations
                 ‘‘(a) ENERGY RESILIENCE MEASURES.— (1) The Secretary of
                         Defense shall, by the end of fiscal year 2030, provide that 100
                         percent of the energy load required to maintain the critical missions
                         of each installation have a minimum level of availability of 99.9
                          percent per fiscal year.
                     ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall issue standards establishing
                            levels of availability relative to specific critical missions, with such
                            standards providing a range of not less than 99.9 percent avail-
                             ability per fiscal year and not more than 99.9999 percent availability
                             per fiscal year, depending on the criticality of the mission.
                        ‘‘(3) The Secretary may establish interim goals to take effect
                                prior to fiscal year 2025 to ensure the requirements under this
                                subsection are met.
                        ‘‘(4) The Secretary of each military department and the head
                                 of each Defense Agency shall ensure that their organizations meet 
                                 the requirements of this subsection.
               ‘‘(b) PLANNING.— (1) The Secretary of Defense shall require
                   the Secretary of each military department and the head of each
                   Defense Agency to plan for the provision of energy resilience and
                   energy security for installations.
                 ‘‘(2) Planning under paragraph (1) shall-
                        ‘‘(A) promote the use of multiple and diverse sources of
                            energy, with an emphasis favoring energy resources originating 
                            on the installation, such as modular generation;
                        ‘‘(B) promote installing microgrids to ensure the energy security and energy resilience of critical missions; and
                        ‘‘(C) favor the use of full-time, installed energy sources
                              rather than emergency generation.