134 STAT. 4838 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
36(k) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)).
(6) REWARDS PROGRAM.—The term ‘‘rewards program’’ means the program established in subsection (a)(1) of this section.
(7) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Treasury.
(8) STOLEN ASSETS.—The term ‘‘stolen assets’’ means fi nancial assets within the jurisdiction of the United States, constituting, directly or indirectly from foreign government corruption.
Combating Russian Money Laundering Act.

Subtitle B—Combating Russian Money Laundering

SEC. 9711. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Combating Russian Money Laundering Act’’.
SEC. 9712. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
It is the policy of the United States to—
(1) protect the United States fi nancial sector from abuse by malign actors; and
(2) use all available fi nancial tools to counter adversaries.

SEC. 9713. SENSE OF CONGRESS.
It is the sense of Congress that—
(1) the efforts of the Government of the Russian Federation, Russian state-owned enterprises, and Russian oligarchs to move and disguise the source, ownership, location, or control of illicit funds or value constitute money laundering;
(2) such money laundering efforts could assist in the Russian Government’s ongoing political and economic infl uence and destabilization operations, which in turn could affect United States and European democracy, national security, and rule of law;
(3) the Secretary of the Treasury should determine whether Russia and the financial institutions through which the Russian Government, political leaders, state-owned enterprises, and oligarchs launder money are of primary money laundering concerns; and
(4) the Secretary of the Treasury should consider the need for financial institutions and other obligated entities to apply enhanced due diligence measures to transactions with the Russian Government, political leaders, state-owned enterprises, and financial institutions.

SEC. 9714. DETERMINATION WITH RESPECT TO PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN OF RUSSIAN ILLICIT FINANCE.
(a) DETERMINATIONS.—If the Secretary of the Treasury determines that reasonable grounds exist for concluding that one or more fi nancial institutions operating outside of the United States, 1 or more classes of transactions within, or involving, a jurisdiction outside of the United States, or 1 or more types of accounts within, or involving, a jurisdiction outside of the United States is of primary money laundering concern in connection with Russian 