PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4739


“(2) all financial obligations of the Association incident to the National Coast Guard Museum have been satisfied.
“(g) SERVICES.—The Commandant may solicit from the Association and accept services from nonprofit entities, including services related to activities for construction of the Museum.
“(h) AUTHORITY.—The Commandant may not establish a Museum except as set forth in this section.
“(i) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
“(1) MUSEUM.—The term ‘Museum’ means the National Coast Guard Museum.
“(2) ASSOCIATION.—The term ‘Association’ means the National Coast Guard Museum Association.’’.
    (b) BRIEFINGS.—Not later than March 1 of the fiscal year after the fiscal year in which the report required under subsection (d) of section 316 of title 14, United States Code, is provided, and not later than March 1 of each year thereafter until 1 year after the year in which the National Coast Guard Museum is accepted pursuant to subsection (f) of such section, the Commandant shall brief the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the following issues with respect to the Museum:
     (1) The acceptance of gifts.
     (2) Engineering.
     (3) Design and project status.
     (4) Land ownership.
     (5) Environmental remediation.
     (6) Operation and support issues.
     (7) Plans.


SEC. 8440. VIDEO EQUIPMENT; ACCESS AND RETENTION OF RECORDS.
(a) MAINTENANCE AND PLACEMENT OF VIDEO SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT.—Section 3507(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended—
 (1) by striking ‘‘The owner’’ and inserting the following:
    ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The owner’’;
 (2) by striking ‘‘ as determined by the Secretary’’; and
 (3) by adding at the end, the following:
    ‘‘(B) PLACEMENT OF VIDEO SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT.—
    ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the Elijah E. Cummings Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2020, the Commandant in consultation with other relevant Federal agencies or entities as determined by the Commandant, shall establish guidance for performance of the risk assessment described in paragraph (2) regarding the appropriate placement of video surveillance equipment in passenger and crew common areas where there is no reasonable expectation of privacy.
    ‘‘(ii) RISK ASSESSMENT.—Not later than 1 year after the Commandant establishes the guidance described in paragraph (1), the owner shall conduct the risk assessment required under paragraph (1) and shall—
‘‘(I) evaluate the placement of video surveillance equipment to deter, prevent, and record a sexual assault aboard the vessel considering factors such as: ship layout and design, itinerary,