134 STAT. 3964          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Recommendations.          (5) Recommendations consistent with a whole-of-govern-
          ment approach to countering such industrial espionage and
          cyber theft.
Deadline.          (c) UPDATE.—
President.                (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date
Summaries.          of the submission of the assessment required by subsection
          (a), and biennially thereafter, the President shall submit to
          the appropriate congressional committees an update of the
          assessment, including—
                (A) an update on the effectiveness of the National
          Cyber Strategy;
                (B) a summary of the lessons learned; and
                (C) a summary of any planned changes or recommenda-
          tions to the effectiveness or implementation of the strategy.
                (2) SUNSET.—The requirement to submit the update under
          paragraph (1) shall terminate on December 31, 2025.
                (d) FORM.—The assessment required by subsection (a) and the
          update required by subsection (c) shall be submitted in unclassified
          form.
                (e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In
          this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’
          means—
                    (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on
          Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
          ligence, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on
          Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Homeland Security,
          the Committee on Oversight and Reform, and the Committee
          on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and
                    (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee
          on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the
          Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Com-
          mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Com-
          mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and
          the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate.


          SEC. 1260G. REPORT ON UNITED FRONT WORK DEPARTMENT.

Consultation.          (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of
          the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation
          with the head of each relevant Federal department and agency,
          shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an
          unclassified report, which may include a classified annex, on the
          national security risks posed by the United Front Work Department
          of the Chinese Communist Party and affiliated organizations in
          the United States and abroad that includes each of the following:
                (1) A description of the extent to which the activities of
          the United Front Work Department poses a threat to the
          national defense and national security of the United States.
Evaluation.                (2) An evaluation of how the United Front Work Depart-
          ment’s overseas activities support the Chinese Communist
          Party’s strategy and goals abroad.
                (3) A description of known United Front Work Department
          political influence operations.
                (4) The strategy and capabilities of the United States
          Government to detect, deter, counter, and disrupt United Front
          Work Department influence operations and activities in the