134 STAT. 3858 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall continue assessing potential multi-domain risks in the Arctic, identifying capability and capacity gaps in the current and projected force, and planning for and implementing the training, equipping, and doctrine requirements necessary to mitigate such risks and gaps.
(2) TRAINING.—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary may direct the Armed Forces to conduct training in the Arctic or training relevant to military operations in the Arctic.

(b) ARCTIC RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary of Defense determines that there are capability or capacity gaps for the Armed Forces in the Arctic, the Secretary may conduct research and development on the current and future requirements and needs of the Armed Forces for operations in the Arctic.
(2) ELEMENTS.—Research and development conducted under paragraph (1) may include the following:
    (A) Development of doctrine to address any identified gaps, including the study of existing doctrine of partners and allies of the United States.
    (B) Development of materiel solutions for operating in extreme weather environments of the Arctic, including equipment for individual members of the Armed Forces, ground vehicles, and communications systems.
    (C) Development of a plan for fielding future weapons platforms able to operate in Arctic conditions.
Plan.
    (D) Development of capabilities and sensors tailored to predict environmental and weather conditions in the Arctic and the effect of such conditions on military operations.
    (E) Determining requirements for logistics and sustainment of the Armed Forces operating in the Arctic.
Determination. Requirements. 10 USC 2350o note.

SEC. 1061. AUTHORITY TO ESTABLISH A MOVEMENT COORDINATION CENTER PACIFIC IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION.

(a) AUTHORITY TO ESTABLISH.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may authorize—
        (A) the establishment of a Movement Coordination Center Pacific (in this section referred to as the “Center”); and
        (B) the participation of the Department of Defense in an Air Transport and Air-to-Air refueling and other Exchanges of Services program (in this section referred to as the “ATARES program”) of the Center.
    (2) SCOPE OF PARTICIPATION.—Participation in the ATARES program under paragraph (1)(B) shall be limited to the reciprocal exchange or transfer of air transportation and air refueling services on a reimbursable basis or by replacement- in-kind or the exchange of air transportation or air refueling services of an equal value with foreign militaries.
    (3) LIMITATIONS.—The Department of Defense’s balance of executed transportation hours, whether as credits or debits, in participation in the ATARES program under paragraph (1)(B) may not exceed 500 hours. The Department of Defense’s balance of executed flight hours for air refueling in the ATARES program under paragraph (1)(B) may not exceed 200 hours.
(b) WRITTEN ARRANGEMENT OR AGREEMENT.—