PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021    134 STAT. 3605

    ‘‘(2) standardized definitions for the terms ‘sexual offense’,
collateral misconduct’, and ‘adverse action’; and

        (4) by amending subsection (c), as redesignated by para-
    graph (2), to read as follows:
    ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
        ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered individual’ means an individual who
    is identified in the case files of a military criminal investigative
    organization as a victim of a sexual offense that occurred while
    that individual was serving on active duty as a member of
    the Armed Forces.
        ‘‘(2) The term ‘suspected of’, when used with respect to
    (a covered individual suspected of collateral misconduct or
    crimes as described in subsection (a), means that an investiga-
    tion by a military criminal investigative organization reveals
    facts and circumstances that would lead a reasonable person
    to believe that the individual committed an offense under
    chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code
    of Military Justice).’’.
SEC. 537. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT REGARDING SEXUAL
ASSAULTS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.
    (a) ADDITIONAL RECIPIENTS.—Subsection (d) of section 1631
of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended
by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate
and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’.
    (b) APPLICABILITY.—The amendment made by subsection (a)
shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and
shall apply to reports required to be submitted under such section
on or after such date.
SEC. 538. COORDINATION OF SUPPORT FOR SURVIVORS OF SEXUAL
TRAUMA.
        (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date of
    the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans
    Affairs shall jointly develop, implement, and maintain a standard
    of coordinated care for members of the Armed Forces who are
    survivors of sexual trauma. Such standard shall include the fol-
    lowing:
        (b) MINIMUM ELEMENTS.—The standard developed and imple-
    mented under subsection (a) by the Secretaries of Defense and
    Veterans Affairs shall include the following:
                (1) INFORMATION FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.—
                The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that—
                    (A) Sexual Assault Response Coordinators and Uni-
                formed Victim Advocates receive annual training on
                resources of the Department of Veterans Affairs regarding
                sexual trauma;
                    (B) information regarding services furnished by the
                Secretary of Veterans Affairs to survivors of sexual trauma
                is provided to each such survivor; and
                    (C) information described in subparagraph (B) is posted
                in the following areas in each facility of the Department
                of Defense:
                        (i) An office of the Family Advocacy Program.
                        (ii) An office of a mental health care provider.
                        (iii) Each area in which sexual assault prevention
                    staff normally post notices or information.

        Effective date.
        10 USC 1561 note.

        10 USC 1565b
        note.

        Deadline.
        Standards.