134 STAT. 3692 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(3) Members of the armed forces deployed in support of 
a contingency operation outside of the United States have access 
to the testing capabilities described in such subsection, 
including at field hospitals, combat support hospitals, field medical stations, and expeditionary medical facilities.

“(4) The Department of Defense maintains—
“(A) a 30-day supply of personal protective equipment 
in a quantity sufficient for each member of the armed 
forces, including the reserve components thereof; and

“(B) the capability to rapidly resupply such equipment.

Plan.

“(c) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.—(1) The Secretary shall 
include with the defense budget materials (as defined by section 
231(f) of this title) for a fiscal year a plan to research and develop 
vaccines, diagnostics, and therapeutics for infectious diseases.

“(2) The Secretary shall ensure that the medical laboratories 
of the Department of Defense are equipped with the technology 
needed to facilitate rapid research and development of vaccines, 
diagnostics, and therapeutics in the case of a pandemic.”.

(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents at the begin- 
ning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating 
to section 1073d the following new item:

10 USC 1071
prec.

“1073e. Protection of armed forces from infectious diseases.”.

SEC. 713. INCLUSION OF DRUGS, BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS, and CRIT-
ICAL MEDICAL SUPPLIES IN NATIONAL SECURITY 
STRATEGY FOR NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL 
BASE.

(a) NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY FOR NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY 
AND INDUSTRIAL BASE.—Section 2501(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:

Appendix.

“(11) Providing for the provision of drugs, biological prod- 
ucts, vaccines, and critical medical supplies required to enable 
combat readiness and protect the health of the armed forces.”.

(b) ASSESSMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall include 
with the report required to be submitted in 2022 under section 
2504 of title 10, United States Code, an appendix containing 
an assessment of gaps or vulnerabilities in the national tech- 
nology and industrial base (as defined by section 2500(1) of 
such title) with respect to drugs, biological products, vaccines, 
and critical medical supplies described in section 2501(a)(11) 
of such title, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
In carrying out such assessment, the Secretary shall consult 
with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Commis- 
sioner of Food and Drugs, and the heads of other departments 
and agencies of the Federal Government that the Secretary 
of Defense determines appropriate.

Consultation.

(2) MATTERS INCLUDED.—The assessment under paragraph 
(1) shall include—

(A) an identification and origin of any finished drugs, 
as identified by the Secretary of Defense, and the essential 
components of such drugs, including raw materials, chem- 
ical components, and active pharmaceutical ingredients 
that are necessary for the manufacture of such drugs, 
whose supply is at risk of disruption during a time of 
war or national emergency;
