134 STAT. 4834                            PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                               Subtitle B—Combating Russian Money Laundering
Sec. 9711. Short title.
Sec. 9712. Statement of policy.
Sec. 9713. Sense of Congress.
Sec. 9714. Determination with respect to primary money laundering concern of
                    Russian illicit finance.
                    Subtitle C—Other Matters
Sec. 9721. Certified notice at completion of an assessment.
Sec. 9722. Ensuring Chinese debt transparency.
Sec. 9723. Accountability for World Bank Loans to China.
Sec. 9724. Fairness for Taiwan nationals regarding employment at international fi-
                    nancial institutions.

                             Subtitle A—Kleptocracy Asset Recovery
                                                      Rewards Act

                 Kleptocracy 
                 Asset Recovery
                 Rewards Act.
                 31 USC 9701
                 note prec.
Subtitle A—Kleptocracy Asset
                                    Rewards Act
Sec. 9701. SHORT TITLE.
      The subtitle may be cited as the "Kleptocracy Asset Recovery
Rewards Act".
Sec. 9702. SENSE OF CONGRESS.
      It is the sense of Congress that a stolen asset recovery rewards
program to help identify and recover stolen assets linked to foreign
government corruption and the proceeds of such corruption hidden
behind complex financial structures is needed in order to—
            (1) intensify the global fight against corruption; and 
            (2) serve United States efforts to identify and recover
      stolen assets, forfeit proceeds of such corruption, and, where
      appropriate and feasible, return the stolen assets or proceeds
      thereof to the country harmed by the acts of corruption.
Sec. 9703. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY KLEPTOCRACY ASSET 
                  RECOVERY REWARDS PILOT PROGRAM.
      (a) ESTABLISHMENT.—
            (1) IN GENERAL.—There is established in the Department 
      of the Treasury a program to be known as the "Kleptocracy
      Asset Recovery Rewards Pilot Program" for the payment of 
      rewards to carry out the purposes of this section.
            (2) PURPOSE.—The rewards program shall be designed to
      support U.S. Government programs and investigations aimed
      at restraining, seizing, forfeiting, or repatriating stolen assets
      linked to foreign government corruption and the proceeds of 
      such corruption.
            (3) IMPLEMENTATION.—The rewards program shall be
      administered by the Secretary of the Treasury, with the concur-
      rence of the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, 
      and in consultation, as appropriate, with the heads of such
      other departments and agencies as the Secretary may find 
      appropriate.
      (b) REWARDS AUTHORIZED.—The Secretary of the Treasury may,
Consultation.       
      with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and the Attorney
      General, and in consultation, as appropriate, with the heads of
      other relevant Federal departments and agencies, pay a reward
      to any individual, if that individual furnishes information leading 
      to—
            (1) the restraining or seizure of stolen assets in an account
      at a U.S. financial institution (including a U.S. branch of a