134 STAT. 4660          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on child care and school-age care options available to qualified families.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following:
  (1) FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE.—
    (A) An assessment of—
      (i) the subsidies and financial assistance for child 
          care and school-age care made available by the Coast 
          Guard to qualified families; and
      (ii) the extent to which qualified families have 
          taken advantage of such subsidies and assistance.
    (B) The average number of days between—
      (i) the date on which an application for a subsidy 
          or other financial assistance for child care or school-
          age care is submitted by a qualified family; and
      (ii) upon approval of an application, the date on 
          which such subsidy or assistance is received by the 
          qualified family.
    (C) Recommendations for streamlining the payment
of such subsidies and financial assistance.
    (D) The amount of funding allocated to such subsidies 
and financial assistance.
    (E) The remaining costs for child care or school-age 
care to qualified families that are not covered by the Coast 
Guard.
    (F) A description of barriers to access to such subsidies 
and financial assistance.
    (G) The number of qualified families that do not receive 
any such subsidies or financial assistance.
  (2) REGULATION OF CHILD CARE SERVICES.—
    (A) An assessment of—
      (i) the regulations of States with respect to child 
care services (such as staffing, space and furnishings, 
safety, curriculum requirements, and allowable care 
hours); and
      (ii) the effect that differences in such regulations 
may have on access to child care for qualified families.
    (B) An assessment of—
      (i) the regulations of the Coast Guard and the 
          Department of Defense with respect to child develop-
          ment centers and other child care providers (including 
          school-age care providers), and a comparison of such 
          regulations with similar State regulations; and
      (ii) the effect that such regulations may have on 
          access to child care and school-age care for qualified 
          families.
    (C) The number of qualified families, and children, 
that do not have access to a Coast Guard child development 
center for child care.
  (3) PARITY WITH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.—The differences 
between child care and school-age care services offered by the 
Coast Guard and child care and school-age care authorities 
of the Coast Guard and the Department of Defense relating
to the following:
    (A) Authorized uses of appropriated funds for child 
care and school-age care services.