PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

an area of exclusive Federal jurisdiction located within a State, to— 
  “(i) the subsoil and seabed of the outer Continental Shelf; 
  “(ii) all artificial islands on the outer Continental Shelf; 
  “(iii) installations and other devices permanently or temporarily attached to the seabed, which may be erected thereon for the purpose of exploring for, developing, or producing resources, including non-mineral energy resources; or 
  “(iv) any such installation or other device (other than a ship or vessel) for the purpose of transporting or transmitting such resources. 
 “(B) LEASES ISSUED EXCLUSIVELY UNDER THIS ACT.—Mineral or energy leases on the outer Continental Shelf shall be maintained or issued only under the provisions of this Act.”.

TITLE XCVI—OVERSIGHT AND REFORM MATTERS

Sec. 9601. Inventory of program activities of Federal agencies.
Sec. 9602. Preservation of electronic messages and other records.
Sec. 9603. Continuity of the economy plan.


SEC. 9601. INVENTORY OF PROGRAM ACTIVITIES OF FEDERAL AGENCIES.
 (a) INVENTORY OF GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS.—Section 1122(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended—
  (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively;
  (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following:
   “(1) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this subsection—
    “(A) the term ‘Federal financial assistance’ has the meaning given that term under section 7501;
    “(B) the term ‘open Government data asset’ has the meaning given that term under section 3502 of title 44;
    “(C) the term ‘program’ means a single program activity or an organized set of aggregated, disaggregated, or consolidated program activities by one or more agencies directed toward a common purpose or goal; and 
    “(D) the term ‘program activity’ has the meaning given that term in section 1115(h).”;
  (3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated—
   (A) by striking “IN GENERAL.—Not later than October 1, 2012, the Office of Management and Budget shall” and inserting “WEBSITE AND PROGRAM INVENTORY.—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall”;
   (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting “that includes the information required under subsections (b) and (c)” after “a single website”; and
   (C) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and inserting the following:
    “(B) include on the website described in subparagraph (A), or another appropriate Federal Government website