PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021            134 STAT. 3615

Department of Defense denying, whether in whole or in part, a request for purposes of subsection (a).
(B) Procedures under which the applicable component of the Department will correct, expunge or remove, take other appropriate action on, or assist a covered person in so doing, any record maintained by a person, organization, or entity outside of the Department to which such component provided, submitted, or transmitted information about the covered person, which information has or will be corrected in, or expunged or removed from, Department records pursuant to this section.
(C) The timeline pursuant to which the Department, or a component of the Department, as applicable, will respond to each of the following:
(i) A request pursuant to subsection (a).
(ii) An appeal under the procedures required by subparagraph (A).
(iii) A request for assistance under the procedures required by subparagraph (B).
(D) Mechanisms through which the Department will keep a covered person apprised of the progress of the Department on a covered person’s request or appeal as described in subparagraph (C).
(d) APPLICABILITY.—The policy and process required to be developed by the Secretary under subsection (a) shall not be subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under section 553 of title 5, United States Code.
(e) REPORT.—Not later than October 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the actions taken to carry out this section, including a comprehensive description of the policy and process developed and implemented by the Secretary under subsection (a).
SEC. 546. BRIEFING ON MENTAL HEALTH SUPPORT FOR VICARIOUS TRAUMA FOR CERTAIN PERSONNEL IN THE MILITARY JUSTICE SYSTEM.
(a) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Judge Advocates General of the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force and the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall jointly brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the mental health support for vicarious trauma provided to personnel in the military justice system specified in subsection (b).
(b) PERSONNEL.—The personnel specified in this subsection are the following:
(1) Court-martial convening authorities who are members of the Armed Forces.
(2) Trial counsel.
(3) Defense counsel.
(4) Military judges.
(5) Special Victims’ Counsel.
(6) Military investigative personnel.
(c) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by subsection (a) shall include the following: