PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4047

for launch missions ordered under the National Security Space Launch program during fiscal years 2020 through 2024.
SEC. 1607. COMMERCIAL SPACE DOMAIN AWARENESS CAPABILITIES. 
(a) PROCUREMENT.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall procure commercial space domain awareness services by awarding at least two contracts for such services.
(b) LIMITATION.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2021 for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense, without delegation, certifies to the congressional committees that the Secretary of the Air Force has awarded the contracts under subsection (a).
(c) REPORT.—Not later than January 31, 2021, the Chief of Space Operations, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the commercial space domain awareness services, data, and analytics of objects in low-Earth orbit that have been purchased during the two-year period preceding the date of the report. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form.
(d) COMMERCIAL SPACE DOMAIN AWARENESS SERVICES DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘commercial space domain awareness services’’ means space domain awareness data, processing software, and analytics derived from best-in-breed commercial vendors that the Space Force requirements in low-Earth orbit and fill gaps in current space domain capabilities of the Space Force, including commercial capabilities to—
(1) provide conjunction and maneuver alerts;
(2) monitor breakup and launch events; and
(3) detect and track objects smaller than 10 centimeters 10 USC 2271 in size.

SEC. 1608. POLICY TO ENSURE LAUNCH OF SMALL-CLASS PAYLOADS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a small launch and satellite policy to ensure responsive and reliable access to space through the processing and launch of Department of Defense small-class payloads.
(b) POLICY.—The policy under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, providing resources and policy guidance to sustain—
(1) the availability of small-class payload launch service  providers using launch vehicles capable of delivering into space small payloads designated by the Secretary of Defense as a national security payload;
(2) a robust small-class payload space launch infrastructure and industrial base, including small launch systems and small satellite rideshare opportunities;
(3) the availability of rapid, responsive, and reliable space launches for national security space programs to—
(A) improve the responsiveness and flexibility of a national security space system;
(B) lower the costs of launching a national security space system; and
(C) maintain risks to mission success at acceptable levels; 
(4) a minimum number of dedicated launches each year; and

10 USC 2273 note.