134 STAT. 4126      PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                (2) develop policies and procedures governing access to 
   user activity monitoring data or data derived from user activity 
   monitoring by cybersecurity operators; and 
                (3) develop processes and capabilities for using metadata 
   on host and network activity for user activity monitoring in 
   support of the insider threat mission.
   Deadline.        (c) CONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING.—Not later than October 1, 2021, 
   the Secretary shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense 
   committees on actions taken to carry out this section.
   
SEC. 1736. DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE CYBERSECURITY SENSOR 
             ARCHITECTURE PLAN.
   Deadline.        (a) DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE CYBERSECURITY SENSOR 
   ARCHITECTURE PROGRAM ASSESSMENT.—Not later than 180 days 
   after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Principal Cyber 
   Advisor of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the 
   Chief Information Officer of the Department, the Under Secretary 
   of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Under Secretary 
   of Defense for Intelligence and Security, and the Commander of 
   United States Cyber Command, shall complete an assessment of 
   the feasibility, suitability, and resourcing required to establish a 
   Defense Industrial Base Cybersecurity Sensor Architecture Progran, responsible for deploying commercial-off-the-shelf solutions 
to remotely monitor the public-facing internet attack surface of 
the defense industrial base.
                   (b) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required under subsection (a) 
   shall include the following:
                         (1) Definition of an architecture, concept of operations, 
    and governance structure that— 
                                  (A) will allow for the instrumentation and collection 
    of cybersecurity data on the public-facing internet attack 
    surfaces of defense industrial base contractors in a manner 
    that is compatible with the Department’s existing or future 
    capabilities for analysis, and instrumentation and collec- 
    tion, as appropriate, of cybersecurity data within the 
    Department of Defense Information Network;
                                  (B) includes the expected scale, schedule, and guiding 
    principles of deployment;
                                  (C) is consistent with the defense industrial base cyber- 
    security policies and programs of the Under Secretary of 
    Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief 
    Information Officer; and 
                                  (D) includes an acquisition strategy for sensor capabili- 
    ties that optimizes required capability, scalability, cost, 
    and intelligence and cybersecurity requirements.
                         (2) Roles and responsibilities of the persons referred to 
   in subsection (a) in implementing and executing the plan.
    Consultation.        (c) CONSULTATION.—In conducting the assessment required 
   under subsection (a), the Principal Cyber Advisor shall consult 
   with and solicit recommendations from representative industry 
   stakeholders across the defense industrial base regarding the ele- 
   ments described in subsection (b) and potential stakeholder costs 
   of compliance.
                 (d) BRIEFING.—Upon completion of the assessment required 
   under subsection (a), the Principal Cyber Advisor shall provide 
   a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate