PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 4343

(2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED.—Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to pay the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance under sub-section (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations of fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same pur-pose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account.
(e) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army.
(f) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—The Secretary of the Army may require such additional terms and conditions in connec-tion with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.
(g) SUNSET.—If the real property authorized for conveyance by subsection (a) is not conveyed within one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army may report the property excess for disposal in accordance with applicable law.

SEC. 2834. LAND EXCHANGE, SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) COUNTY.—The term “County” means the County of San Bernardino, California.
(2) FEDERAL LAND.—The term “Federal land” means the approximately 73 acres of Federal land generally depicted as “Federal Land Proposed for Exchange” on the map titled “Big Bear Land Exchange” and dated September 4, 2020.
(3) NON-FEDERAL LAND.—The term “non-Federal land” means the approximately 71 acres of land owned by the County generally depicted as “Non-Federal Land Proposed for Exchange” on the map referred to in paragraph (2).
(b) EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED.—Subject to valid existing rights and the terms of this section, no later than one year after the date that the portion of the Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail is relocated in accordance with subsection (i), if the County offers to convey the non-Federal land to the United States, the Secretary of Agriculture shall—
(1) convey to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land; and
(2) accept from the County a conveyance of all right, title, and interest of the County in and to the non-Federal land.
(c) EQUAL VALUE AND CASH EQUALIZATION.—
(1) EQUAL VALUE EXCHANGE.—The land exchange under this section shall be for equal value, or the values shall be equalized by a cash payment as provided for under this sub-section or an adjustment in acreage. At the option of the County, any excess value of the non-Federal lands may be considered a donation to the United States.
(2) CASH EQUALIZATION PAYMENT.—The County may equalize the values of the lands to be exchanged under this section by cash payment without regard to any statutory limit on the amount of such a cash equalization payment.