134 STAT. 3782          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

                before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the
                transfer date, maintain such self-certification until the
                Administrator makes a determination with respect to such
                certification; and
                (B) if the concern does not file such a certification
                application before the end of the 1-year period beginning
                on the transfer date, lose, at the end of such 1-year period,
                any self-certification of the concern as a small business
                concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans.
                (2) NON-APPLICABILITY TO DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
                AFFAIRS.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to participation in
                contracts (including subcontracts) with the Department of Vet-
                erans Affairs.

                Requirements.
                Public information.

               (3) NOTICE.—The Administrator shall notify any small busi-
               ness concern that self-certified as a small business concern
               owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans about the
               requirements of this section and the amendments made by
               this section, including the transfer date, and make such notice
               publicly available, on the date of the enactment of this Act.
               (g) TRANSFER OF THE CENTER FOR VERIFICATION AND EVALUA-
               TION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO THE SMALL 
               BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION.—
               (1) DEFINITION.—In this subsection, the term “function”—
               (A) means any duty, obligation, power, authority
               responsibility, right, privilege, activity, or program; and
               (B) does not include employees.

               Effective date.

               (2) ABOLISHMENT.—The Center for Verification and Evalua-
               tion of the Department of Veterans Affairs, as defined under
               section 74.1 of title 38, Code of Federal Regulations, is abolished
               effective on the transfer date.

               Effective date.

               (3) TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS.—Effective on the transfer
               date, all functions that, immediately before the transfer date,
               were functions of the Center for Verification and Evaluation
               shall be functions of the Small Business Administration.

               President.

               (4) TRANSFER OF ASSETS.—So much of the property
               (including contracts for the procurement of property or services)
               and records used, held, available, or to be made available
               in connection with a function transferred under this subsection
               shall be available to the Small Business Administration at
               such time or times as the President directs for use in connection
               with the functions transferred.
               (5) SAVINGS PROVISIONS.—
               (A) CONTINUING EFFECT OF LEGAL DOCUMENTS.—All
               orders, determinations, rules, regulations, permits, agree-
               ments grants, contracts, certificates, licenses, registrations,
               privileges, and other administrative actions—
               (i) which have been issued, made, granted, or
               allowed to become effective by the President, any Fed-
               eral agency or official thereof, or by a court of com-
               petent jurisdiction, in the performance of functions
               which are transferred under this subsection; and
               (ii) which are in effect on the transfer date, or
               were final before the transfer date and are to become
               effective on or after the transfer date,
               shall continue in effect according to their terms until modi-
               fied, terminated, superseded, set aside, or revoked in
               accordance with law by the President, the Administrator