PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                       134 STAT. 4789

O–RAN Alliance, the Telecom Infra Project, 3GPP, the
Open-RAN Software Community, or any successor
organizations.
(iii) Promoting and deploying compatibility of new
5G equipment with future open standards-based, inter-
operable equipment.
(iv) Managing integration of multi-vendor network
environments.
(v) Identifying objective criteria to define equip-
ment as compliant with open standards for multi-
vendor network equipment interoperability.
(vi) Promoting and deploying security features
enhancing the integrity and availability of equipment
in multi-vendor networks.
(vii) Promoting and deploying network function
virtualization to facilitate multi-vendor interoperability
and a more diverse vendor market.
(D) NONDUPLICATION.—To the greatest extent prac-
ticable, the Secretary, acting through the NTIA Adminis-
trator, shall ensure that any research funded by a grant
awarded under this paragraph avoids duplication of other
Federal or private sector research.
(E) TIMING.—Not later than one year after the date Deadline.
on which funds are appropriated to the Innovation Fund,
the Secretary, acting through the NTIA Administrator,
shall begin awarding grants under this paragraph.
(f) FEDERAL ADVISORY BODY.—
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary, acting Consultation.
through the NTIA Administrator, and in consultation
with the Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards
and Technology, shall establish a Federal advisory com-
mittee, in accordance with the Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), composed of government
and private sector experts, to advise the Secretary
and the NTIA Administrator on the administration
of the Innovation Fund.
(ii) COMPOSITION.—The advisory committee estab-
lished under clause (i) shall be composed of—
(I) representatives from—
(aa) the Commission;
(bb) the Department of Defense;
(cc) the Intelligence Advanced Research
Projects Activity of the Office of the Director
of National Intelligence;
(dd) the National Institute of Standards
and Technology;
(ee) the Department of State;
(ff) the National Science Foundation;
(gg) the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity; and
(hh) the National Telecommunications and
Information Administration; and
(II) other representatives from the private and
public sectors, at the discretion of the NTIA
Administrator.
(iii) DUTIES.—The advisory committee established
under clause (i) shall advise the Secretary and the