PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(1) The Secretary may waive the prohibition under sub-      Determination.
section (a) if the Secretary determines in writing that—
“(A) there are no significant national security concerns regarding counterfeiting, quality, or unauthorized access created by such waiver;
“(B) the waiver is required to support national security;  and
“(C) a covered printed circuit board of satisfactory       quality and sufficient quantity, in the required form, cannot be procured as and when needed from nations other than a covered nation at reasonable cost, excluding comparisons with non-market economies.
“(2) Not later than 10 days after the Secretary provides    Deadline.
a waiver under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to  Notice.
the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-  Records.
mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a written notice setting forth the reasoning for the waiver, together with a copy of the waiver itself.
“(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
“(1) COVERED NATION.—The term ‘covered nation’ means—
“(A) the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea;
“(B) the People’s Republic of China;
“(C) the Russian Federation; and
“(D) the Islamic Republic of Iran.
“(2) COVERED PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARD.—The term ‘covered printed circuit board’ means any partially manufactured or completely bare printed circuit board or fully or partially assembled printed circuit board that—
“(A) performs a mission critical function in any product or service that is not a commercial product or commercial service (as such terms are defined under sections 103 and 103a of title 41, respectively); or
“(B) the Secretary designates as a covered printed circuit board, after reasonable notice, based on a determination that the designation is required to support national security.
“(3) SECRETARY.—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Defense.
“(d) RULEMAKING.—Not later than May 1, 2022, the Secretary Deadline.
shall promulgate regulations, after an opportunity for notice Notice.
and comment, implementing this section.                   Public comment.
“(e) APPLICABILITY.—This section shall apply only with respect to contracts entered into after the issuance of a final rule imple- Contracts.
menting this section.
“(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit the Department of Defense from entering into a contract with an entity that connects to the facilities of a third party, for the purposes of backhaul, roaming, or interconnec- tion arrangements, on the basis of the noncompliance by the third party with the provisions of this section or use of equipment or services that do not route or redirect user data traffic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment trans- mits or otherwise handles.”.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for subchapter V of chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, is amended 10 USC 2531
by inserting after the item relating to section 2533c the following: prec. 
“2533d. Additional requirements pertaining to printed circuit boards.”.