134 STAT. 4388

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

of the Department of Labor, and applicable provisions of Federal law on privacy; and

(3) obtained from relevant elements of the Federal Government pursuant to a memorandum of understanding specifying the terms and conditions for the sharing of such data, including by identifying—
(A) the statutory authority governing such sharing;
(B) the minimum amount of data needed to be shared;
(C) the exact data to be shared;
(D) the method of securely sharing such data; and
(E) the limitations on the use and disclosure of such data.

(d) PUBLICATION.—The Administrator shall make publicly available on the internet website of the Department of Energy each report under subsection (a), subject to the regulations and Federal law specified in subsection (c)(2).

(e) GAO REVIEW.—Not later than one year after the date on which the Administrator submits the first report under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of—
(1) the diversity of contractor employees with respect to both the hiring and retention of such employees;
(2) the demographic composition of such employees; and
(3) the issues relating to diversity that such report identifies and the steps taken to address such issues.
(f) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that—
(1) the National Nuclear Security Administration is undertaking the largest and most complex workload since the end of the Cold War;
(2) ensuring that the nuclear security enterprise hires, trains, and retains a diverse and highly educated workforce is a national security priority of the United States;
(3) more than 5,000 employees were hired at the laboratories, plants, and sites of the National Nuclear Security Administration during fiscal year 2019; and
(4) the National Nuclear Security Administration has taken important actions to hire and retain the best and brightest workforce and is encouraged to continue to build upon those efforts, particularly as its aging workforce continues to retire.
(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE.—The term “contractor employee” means an employee of a management and operating contractor of the nuclear security enterprise.
(2) COVERED ELEMENT.—The term “covered element” means each national security laboratory and nuclear weapons production facility (as such terms are defined in section 3281 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471)).
(3) NUCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE.—The term “nuclear security enterprise” has the meaning that term in section 3281 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471)).

SEC. 3147. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING COMPENSATION OF
    INDIVIDUALS RELATING TO URANIUM MINING AND
    NUCLEAR TESTING.
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the following findings: