PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021             134 STAT. 4129

(e) IMPLEMENTATION.—If the Secretary of Defense makes a Determination.
positive determination pursuant to subsection (d) of the feasibility 
and suitability of establishing a defense industrial base threat 
information sharing program, the Secretary shall establish such 
program. Not later than 180 days after a positive determination, Deadline.
the Secretary of Defense shall promulgate such rules and regula- Regulations.
tions as are necessary to establish the defense industrial base 
threat information sharing program under this section.

SEC. 1738. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL MANUFACTURERS IN THE 
DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY CHAIN ON MATTERS 10 USC 2224
RELATING TO CYBERSECURITY.                   note.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Subject to the availability of appropriations, Consultation.
the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the 
National Institute of Standards and Technology, may award finan-
cial assistance to a Center for the purpose of providing cybersecurity 
services to small manufacturers.

(b) CRITERIA.—If the Secretary carries out subsection (a), the Consultation.
Secretary, in consultation with the Director, shall establish and Web posting.
publish on the grants.gov website, or successor website, criteria 
for selecting recipients for financial assistance under this section.

(c) USE OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE.—Financial assistance under 
this section—

(1) shall be used by a Center to provide small manufactur-
ers with cybersecurity services, including—
(A) compliance with the cybersecurity requirements 
of the Department of Defense Supplement to the Federal 
Acquisition Regulation, including awareness, assessment, 
evaluation, preparation, and implementation of cybersecu-
rity services; and
(B) achieving compliance with the Cybersecurity Matu-
rity Model Certification framework of the Department of 
Defense; and
(2) may be used by a Center to employ trained personnel 
to deliver cybersecurity services to small manufacturers.

(d) BIENNIAL REPORTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than once every two 
years, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report 
on financial assistance awarded under this section.
(2) CONTENTS.—To the extent practicable, each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following with 
respect to the years covered by each such report:
(A) The number of small manufacturers assisted.
(B) A description of the cybersecurity services provided.
(C) A description of the cybersecurity matters 
addressed.
(D) An analysis of the operational effectiveness and Analysis.
cost-effectiveness of such cybersecurity services.

(e) TERMINATION.—The authority of the Secretary to award
financial assistance under this section shall terminate on the date 
that is five years after the date of the enactment of this section.

(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: