PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3977

involved in the illicit trade in mineral resources, including petroleum and gold; and

(5) identifies any information United States Government agencies have obtained since August 2019 regarding individuals or foreign governments that have provided funds to individual members of the Sovereignty Council or the Cabinet outside of the Central Bank of Sudan or the Ministry of Finance.
(c) REPORT ON SANCTIONS PURSUANT TO EXECUTIVE ORDER NO. 13400.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that identifies the senior Sudanese government officials that the President determines meet the criteria to be sanctionable pursuant to Executive Order No. 13400 (71 Fed. Reg. 25483; relating to blocking property of persons in connection with the conflict in Sudan’s Darfur region).

(d) FORM.—The reports required under subsections (b) and (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.

SEC. 1207C. UNITED STATES STRATEGY FOR SUPPORT TO A CIVILIAN-LED GOVERNMENT IN SUDAN.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development and the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit a strategy to the appropriate congressional committees that includes—

(1) a clear articulation of specific United States goals and objectives with respect to a successful completion of the transitional period and a plan to achieve such goals and objectives;
(2) a description of assistance and diplomatic engagement to support a civilian-led government in Sudan for the remainder of the transitional period, including any possible support for the organization of free, fair, and credible elections;
(3) an assessment of the legal and policy reforms that have been and need to be taken by the government in Sudan during the transitional period in order to promote—
(A) human rights;
(B) freedom of religion, speech, press, assembly, and association; and
(C) accountability for human rights abuses, including for sexual and gender-based violence perpetrated by members of the Sudanese security and intelligence services;
(4) a description of efforts to address the legal and policy reforms mentioned in paragraph (3);
(5) a description of humanitarian and development assistance to Sudan and a plan for coordinating such assistance with international donors, regional partners, and local partners;
(6) a description of monitoring and evaluation plans for all forms of assistance to be provided under the strategy in accordance with the monitoring and evaluation requirements of section 4 of the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–191), including a detailed description of all associated goals and benchmarks for measuring impact; and
(7) an assessment of security sector reforms undertaken by the Government of Sudan, including efforts to demobilize