PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3505

‘‘(A) developing a national laboratory exclusively focused on the research and development of microelectronics to serve as a center for Federal Government expertise in high-performing, trusted microelectronics and as a hub for Federal Government research into breakthrough microelectronics-related technologies; and
‘‘(B) incorporating into such national laboratory a commercial incubator to provide early-stage microelectronics startups, which face difficulties scaling due to the high costs of microelectronics design and fabrication, with access to funding resources, fabrication facilities, design tools, and shared intellectual property.
‘‘(16) The development of multiple models of public-private partnerships to execute the strategy, including in-depth analysis of establishing a semiconductor manufacturing corporation to leverage private sector technical, managerial, and investment expertise, and private capital, that would have the authority and funds to provide grants or approve investment tax credits, or both, to implement the strategy.
‘‘(17) Processes and criteria for competitive selection of commercial companies, including companies headquartered in countries that are allies or partners with the United States, to provide design, foundry and assembly, and packaging services and to build and operate the industrial capabilities associated with such services.
‘‘(18) The role that Federal agencies should play in organizing and supporting the strategy, including with regard direct or indirect funding support, or legislative and regulatory actions, including restricting procurement to domestic sources, and providing antitrust and export control relief.
‘‘(19) All potential funding sources and mechanisms for initial and sustaining investments in microelectronics.
‘‘(20) Such other matters as the Secretary of Defense determines to be relevant.’’;

(3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘June 1, 2021’’;
(4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘June 1, 2021’’; and
(5) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g);
(6) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f):
‘‘(f) SUBMISSION.—Not later than June 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit the strategy required in subsection (a), along with any views and recommendations and an estimated budget to implement the strategy, to the President, the National Security Council, and the National Economic Council.’’. SEC. 217. INDEPENDENT EVALUATION OF PERSONAL PROTECTIVE AND DIAGNOSTIC TESTING EQUIPMENT.

(a) INDEPENDENT EVALUATION REQUIRED.—The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall conduct an independent evaluation of whether covered personal protective and diagnostic testing equipment is operationally effective and suitable to satisfy the specific needs and required protection of the workforce of the Department of Defense.