134 STAT. 4092    PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(ii) no compensation or entitlements relating to a person's status with the Commission shall be due for the period between the termination and reconstitution of the Commission;
“(iii) nothing in this subparagraph may be construed as requiring the extension or reemployment of any staff member or contractor working for the Commission;
“(iv) the staff of the Commission shall be—
“(I) selected by the co-chairs of the Commission in accordance with subsection (h)(1);
“(II) comprised of not more than four individuals, including a staff director; and
“(III) resourced in accordance with subsection (g)(4)(A);
“(v) with the approval of the co-chairs, may be provided by contract with a nongovernmental organization;
“(vi) any unexpended funds made available for the use of the Commission shall continue to be available for use for the life of the Commission, as well as any additional funds appropriated to the Department of Defense that are made available to the Commission, provided that the total such funds does not exceed $1,000,000 from the reconstitution of the Commission to the completion of the Commission; and
“(vii) the requirement for an submission of the final report in subsection (l) shall be updated to require every ten months for a period of 20 months further assessments of the Federal Government’s responses to the Commission's recommendations contained in such final report.”.

SEC. 1715. ESTABLISHMENT IN DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY OF JOINT CYBER PLANNING OFFICE.

(a) AMENDMENT.—Subtitle A of title XXII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section:

“SEC. 2215. JOINT CYBER PLANNING OFFICE.

“(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE.—There is established in the Agency an office for joint cyber planning (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’) to develop, for public and private sector entities, plans for cyber defense operations, including the development of a set of coordinated actions to protect, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity risks or incidents or limit, mitigate, or defend against coordinated, malicious cyber operations that pose a potential risk to critical infrastructure or national interests. The Office shall be headed by a senior official of the Agency selected by the Director.
“(b) PLANNING AND EXECUTION.—In leading the development of plans for cyber defense operations pursuant to subsection (a), the head of the Office shall—
“(1) coordinate with relevant Federal departments and agencies to establish processes and procedures necessary to develop and maintain ongoing coordinated plans for cyber defense operations;
