134 STAT. 3804          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
                           be consistent with the strategic metrics defined pursuant
                           to subsection (b)(4) of such section 147; and
                           (F) shall perform such additional duties and exercise
                           such powers as the Secretary of the military department 
                           concerned or the Commandant of the Coast Guard, as
                           applicable, may prescribe.
                           (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made
                       by this section shall take effect on February 1, 2021.
10 USC 147 note.   SEC. 914. LIMITATION ON CONSOLIDATION OR TRANSITION TO ALTER-
                              NATIVE CONTENT DELIVERY METHODS WITHIN THE 
                              DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY.
                                 (a) IN GENERAL.—No consolidation or transition to alternative
                             content delivery methods may occur within the Defense Media
                             Activity until a period of 180 days has elapsed following the date 
                             on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the Committees 
                             on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives
                             a report that identifies key aspects of the business case for alter-
                             native content delivery, and actions to mitigate risks, relating to 
                             the following:
                                     (1) The safety and security of members of the Armed Forces 
                                 and their families.
                                     (2) The cybersecurity or security of content delivery to
                                 members of the Armed Forces, whether through—
                                        (A) vulnerabilities in the content delivery method con-
                                     cerned;
                                        (B) vulnerabilities in the personal devices used by
                                     members; or
                                        (C) vulnerabilities in the receivers or streaming devices
                                     necessary to accommodate the alternative content delivery
                                     method.
                                     (3) Costs or personal financial liabilities to members of
                                 the Armed Forces or their families, whether through monthly
                                 subscription fees or other tolls required to access digital content.
                                     (4) Access to content with respect to bandwidth or other
                                 technical limitations where members of the Armed Forces
                                 receive content.
                                (b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
                                        (1) The term “alternative content delivery” means any
                                    method of the Defense Media Activity for the delivery of digital 
                                    content that is different from a method used by the Activity 
                                    as of the date of the enactment of this Act.
                                        (2) The term “consolidation”, when used with respect to
                                    the Defense Media Activity, means any action to reduce or 
                                    limit the functions, personnel, facilities, or capabilities of the 
                                    Activity, including entering into contracts or developing plans for such reduction or limitation.
                                                                                        Subtitle C—Space Force Matters
                   SEC. 921. OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF SPACE OPERATIONS.
                           (a) IN GENERAL—Chapter 908 of title 10, United States Code,
                       is amended by striking section 9083 and inserting the following 
                       new sections: