134 STAT. 4324                 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                          (1) in paragraph (1)—
                                                     (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting “unit” after “different housing”; and
                                                     (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting “the” before “tenant”; and

                                          (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting “the” before “tenant”;
                            (d) MANAGEMENT OF HOUSING UNITS.—Section 2891a of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
                                          (1) by adding a period at the end of subsection (b)(2);
                                          (2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (11) and inserting the following new paragraph:
                                          “(11) Upon request by a prospective tenant, a landlord providing a housing unit shall ensure that the needs of enrollees in the Exceptional Family Member Program, or any successor program, are considered in assigning the prospective tenant to a housing unit provided by the landlord.”; and

                                          (3) in subsection (e)(2)(B) by striking “the any” and inserting “any”.

Deadlines.                              (e) TENANT ACCESS TO MAINTENANCE INFORMATION.—Section 2892a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the text of such section and inserting the following:

Requirement.                            “(a) MAINTENANCE INFORMATION FOR PROSPECTIVE TENANTS.—The Secretary concerned shall require each eligible entity or subsequent landlord that offers for lease a housing unit to provide to a prospective tenant of the housing unit—
                                                        “(1) not later than five business days before the prospective tenant is asked to sign the lease, a summary of maintenance conducted with respect to that housing unit for the previous seven years; and

                                                        “(2) not later than two business days after the prospective tenant requests additional information regarding maintenance conducted with respect to that housing unit during such period, all information possessed by the eligible entity or subsequent landlord regarding such maintenance conducted during such period.
                                                        “(b) MAINTENANCE INFORMATION FOR EXISTING TENANTS.—A tenant of a housing unit who did not receive maintenance information described in subsection (a) regarding that housing unit while a prospective tenant may request such maintenance information and shall receive such maintenance information not later than five business days after the making the request.
                                                        “(c) MAINTENANCE DEFINED.—In the section, the term ‘maintenance’ includes any renovations of the housing unit during the period specified in subsection (a)(1).”.

                        (f) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INCENTIVE FEES.—Section 2893 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking “propensity for” and inserting “pattern of”.

Requirement.              (g) LANDLORD–TENANT DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS.—Section 2894 of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
                                            (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
                                            “(6) The dispute resolution process shall require the installation regional commander (as the case may be) to record each dispute in the complaint database established under section 2894a of this title.”;

                                            (2) in subsection (c)—