PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                        134 STAT. 4345

by this section, but subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Agriculture shall convey to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of National Forest System land, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 927 acres in Modoc National Forest in the State of California and containing an obsolete Over-the-Horizon Backscatter Radar System receiving station established on the parcel pursuant to a memorandum of agreement between the Department of the Air Force and Forest Service dated May 18 and 23, 1987.
(2) APPLICABLE LAW AND NATIONAL SECURITY DETERMINATION.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) in accordance with this section and all other applicable law, including the condition that the conveyance not take place until the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, determines that the conveyance will not harm the national security interests of the United States.
(b) PURPOSE OF CONVEYANCE.—The purpose of the conveyance under subsection (a) is to preserve and utilize the improvements constructed on the parcel of National Forest System land described in such subsection and to permit the County to use the conveyed property, including improvements thereon, for the development of renewable energy, including solar and biomass cogeneration.
(c) CONSIDERATION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the County shall pay to the Secretary of Agriculture an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the parcel of land to be conveyed, as determined in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisition and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice.
(2) TREATMENT OF CASH CONSIDERATION.—The Secretary shall deposit the payment received under paragraph (1) in the account in the Treasury established by Public Law 90– 171 (commonly known as the Sisk Act; 16 U.S.C. 484a). The amount deposited shall be available to the Secretary, in such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, to pay any necessary and incidental costs incurred by the Secretary in connection with the improvement, maintenance, reconstruction, or construction of a facility or improvement for the National Forest System located in the State of California.
(d) RESERVATION OF EASEMENT RELATED TO CONTINUED USE OF WATER WELLS.—The conveyance required by subsection (a) shall be conditioned on the reservation of an easement by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary deems appropriate, necessary to provide access for use authorized by the Secretary of the four water wells in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and associated water conveyance infrastructure on the parcel of National Forest System lands to be conveyed.
(e) WITHDRAWAL.—The National Forest System land described in subsection (a) is withdrawn from the operation of the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States.
(f) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE.—