134 STAT. 4048                PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                         (5) full and open competition, including small launch pro-
                                      viders and rideshare opportunities.
10 USC 2271          SEC. 1609. TACTICALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE LAUNCH OPERATIONS.
note.
                   The Secretary of the Air Force shall implement a tactically
                 responsive space launch program—
                            (1) to provide long-term continuity for tactically responsive
                    space launch operations across the future-years defense pro-
                    gram submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10,
                    United States Code;
                            (2) to accelerate the development of—
                                     (A) responsive launch concepts of operations;
                                     (B) tactics;
                                     (C) training; and
                                     (D) procedures;
                            (3) to develop appropriate processes for tactically responsive
                    space launch, including—
                                     (A) mission assurance processes; and
                                     (B) command and control, tracking, telemetry, and
                                 communications; and
                            (4) to identify basing capabilities necessary to enable
                    tactically responsive space launch, including mobile launch
                    range infrastructure.
                   SEC. 1610. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR PROTOTYPE
                                         PROGRAM FOR MULTI-GLOBAL NAVIGATION SATELLITE
                                         SYSTEM RECEIVER DEVELOPMENT.
                         Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or
                      otherwise made available for fiscal year 2021 for the Office of
                      the Secretary of the Air Force, not more than 80 percent may
                      be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary
                      of Defense—
                                           (1) certifies to the congressional defense committees that
                                      the Secretary of the Air Force is carrying out the program
                                      required under section 1607 of the National Defense Authoriza-
Certification.                        tion Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat.
                                      1724); and
                                           (2) provides to the Committees on Armed Services of the
                                      House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on how
Briefing.                             the Secretary is implementing such program, including with
                                      respect to addressing each element specified in subsection (b)
                                      of such section.
10 USC 2281          SEC. 1611. RESILIENT AND SURVIVABLE POSITIONING, NAVIGATION,
note.
Deadline.                       AND TIMING CAPABILITIES.
                        (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than two years after the date of
                      the enactment of this Act, consistent with the timescale applicable
                      to joint urgent operational needs statements, the Secretary of
                      Defense shall—
                                           (1) prioritize and rank order the mission elements, plat-
                                     forms, and weapons systems most critical for the operational
                                     plans of the combatant commands;
                                           (2) mature, test, and produce for such prioritized mission
                                     elements sufficient equipment—
                                                   (A) to generate resilient and survivable alternative
                                              positioning, navigation, and timing signals; and
                                                   (B) to process resilient survivable data provided by
                                              signals of opportunity and on-board sensor systems; and