134 STAT. 3570          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

conclusion from an officially documented investigation or inquiry described in section 14107(a)(3)(A) of this title.

“(2) The furnishing of information to a special selection review board under paragraph (1)(B) shall be governed by the standards and procedures referred to in paragraph (3)(B) of section 14107(a) of this title applicable to the furnishing of information described in paragraph (3)(A) of such section to promotion boards in accordance with that section.

“(3)(A) Before information on person described in paragraph (1)(B) is furnished to a special selection review board for purposes of this section, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall ensure that—

“(i) such information is made available to the person; and

“(ii) subject to subparagraphs (C) and (D), the person is afforded a reasonable opportunity to submit comments on such information to the special selection review board before its review of the person and the recommendation for promotion of the person under this section.

“(B) If information on an officer described in paragraph (1)(B) is not made available to the person as otherwise required by subparagraph (A)(i) due to the classification status of such information, the person shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be furnished a summary of such information appropriate to the person’s authorization for access to classified information.

“(C)(i) An opportunity to submit comments on information is not required for a person under subparagraph (A)(ii) if—

“(I) such information was made available to the person in connection with the furnishing of such information under section 14107(a) of this title to the promotion board that recommended the promotion of the person subject to review under this section; and

“(II) the person submitted comments on such information to that promotion board.

“(ii) The comments on information of a person described in clause (i)(II) shall be furnished to the special selection review board.

“(D) A person may waive either or both of the following:

“(i) The right to submit comments to a special selection review board under subparagraph (A)(ii).

“(ii) The furnishing of comments to a special selection review board under subparagraph (C)(ii).

“(d) CONSIDERATION.—(1) In considering the record and information on a person under this section, the special selection review board shall compare such record and information with an appropriate sampling of the records of those officers of the same competitive category who were recommended for promotion by the promotion board that recommended the person for promotion, and an appropriate sampling of the records of those officers who were considered by and not recommended for promotion by that promotion board.

“(2) Records and information shall be presented to a special selection review board for purposes of paragraph (1) in a manner that does not indicate or disclose the person or persons for whom the special selection review board was convened.

“(3) In considering whether the recommendation for promotion of a person should be sustained under this section, a special selection review board shall, to the greatest extent practicable, apply