PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4111

have the same authorities as the NCWDG. On behalf of United States Special Operations Command, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Irregular Warfare may authorize a tailored cyberspace operations organization within United States Special Operations Command of similar size and equivalent authorities as NCWDG.
(d) BRIEFING TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the secretaries of the military services and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Irregular Warfare shall brief the congressional defense committees on—
(1) the utilization of the authority provided pursuant to subsection (c); and
(2) if appropriate based on such utilization, details on how the military service, respectively, of each such secretary intends to establish tailored cyberspace operations organizations.

SEC. 1724. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CYBERSECURITY AND CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION OF THE DEFENSE INDUS-
TRIAL BASE.

(a) CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE DEFINED.—In this section, the term “critical infrastructure” has the meaning given such term in section 1016(e) of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)).
(b) DESIGNATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall designate the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense as the coordinating authority for cybersecurity issues relating to the defense industrial base.
(c) RESPONSIBILITIES.—As the coordinating authority for cybersecurity issues relating to the defense industrial base, the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense shall synchronize, harmonize, de-conflict, and coordinate all policies and programs germane to defense industrial base cybersecurity, including the following:
(1) The Sector Specific Agency functions under Presidential Policy Directive-21 the Department of Defense has assigned to the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy for implementation.
(2) The Under Secretariat of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment’s policies and programs germane to contracting and contractual enforcement as such relate to cybersecurity assessment and assistance, and industrial base health and security.
(3) The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security’s policies and programs germane to physical security, information security, industrial security, acquisition security and cybersecurity, all source intelligence, classified threat intelligence sharing related to defense industrial base cybersecurity activities, counterintelligence, and foreign ownership control or influence, including the Defense Intelligence Agency and National Security Agency support provided to the Department of Defense – Defense Industrial Base Collaborative Information Sharing Environment and cyber intrusion damage assessment analysis as part of defense industrial base cybersecurity activities.