PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3745

the meanings given those terms, respectively, in section 1737 of title 10, United States Code.

SEC. 808. ACQUISITION AUTHORITY OF THE DIRECTOR OF THE JOINT
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER.

(a) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of Defense shall delegate to
the Director of the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center the acquisi-
tion authority to exercise the functions of a head of an agency
(as defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code) with
respect to appropriate acquisition activities of the Center.

(b) JAIC ACQUISITION EXECUTIVE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The staff of the Director shall include 
an acquisition executive who shall be responsible for the super-
vision of appropriate acquisition activities under subsection
(a). Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the
Director of the Center, the acquisition executive shall have
the authority—
(A) to negotiate memoranda of agreement with any
element of the Department of Defense to carry out the
acquisition of technologies, services, and capabilities devel-
oped or identified by the Center;
(B) to supervise the acquisition of technologies, serv-
ices, and capabilities to support the mission of the Center;
(C) to represent the Center in discussions with the
Secretaries concerned regarding acquisition programs
relating to such appropriate acquisition activities for which 
the Center is involved; and
(D) to work with the Secretaries concerned to ensure 
that the Center is appropriately represented in any joint 
working group or integrated product team regarding
acquisition programs relating to such appropriate activities
for which the Center is involved.
(2) DELIVERY OF ACQUISITION SOLUTIONS.—The acquisition
executive of the Center shall be—
(A) responsible to the Director for rapidly delivering
capabilities to meet validated requirements;
(B) subordinate to the Under Secretary of Defense
for Acquisition and Sustainment in matters of acquisition;
and
(C) included on the distribution list for acquisition
directives and instructions of the Department of Defense.

(c) ACQUISITION PERSONNEL.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall provide
the Center with at least 10 full-time employees to support
the Director in carrying out the requirements of this section,
including personnel with experience in—
(A) acquisition practices and processes;
(B) the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development
System process;
(C) program management;
(D) software development and systems engineering;
and
(E) cost analysis.
(2) EXISTING PERSONNEL.—The personnel provided under 
this subsection shall be provided from among the existing per-
sonnel of the Department of Defense.