134 STAT. 3868          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Act of any specialized information technology equipment, support and maintenance, and data storage capabilities to—
(A) receive allegations of, assess, investigate, account for, and respond to allegations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations;
(B) incorporate civilian casualty mitigation efforts into operational plans and activities; and
(C) perform any other relevant functions.
(5) An identification of relevant statutory authorities used by the Department, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, to investigate, account for, and respond to allegations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations.
(6) A detailed description of any additional changes to the personnel, resources, and authorities of the Department necessary to fully implement 936 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 134 note) in future years.
(7) Any other matters determined relevant by the Secretary of Defense.
(d) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORT.—Not later than 45 days after the report required under subsection (b) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Secretary of Defense shall make the report publicly available on an appropriate website of the Department of Defense.

Deadline. Web posting.
SEC. 1078. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EFFORTS TO PREVENT RESALE OF GOODS MANUFACTURED BY FORCED LABOR IN COMMISSARIES AND EXCHANGES.
(a) REVIEW REQUIRED.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the policies and processes of the Department of Defense governing the purchase of goods for resale in the commissaries and exchanges of the Department that are produced in, or imported from, areas where forced labor may be used, including the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China.
(b) ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—The review required under subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) The laws, regulations, and departmental policies governing the purchase of imported goods by the Department of Defense as part of the retail supply chains of the Department.
(2) The extent to which the Department has processes in place to prevent goods produced or manufactured by forced labor from being resold in commissaries and exchanges of the Department.
(3) The kinds of information obtained from suppliers to such commissaries and exchanges regarding the source of goods or the use of forced labor to produce goods.
(4) The extent to which the Department coordinates with other Federal agencies on matters pertaining to the importation and resale of goods produced by forced labor.
(5) Any other relevant matters as determined by the Comptroller General.
(c) BRIEFING AND REPORT.—