PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                134 STAT. 4371

(e) OTHER SPECIFIED CONSIDERATIONS.—The Secretary of the military department concerned shall take into account such other considerations in connection with military family readiness as the Secretary of Defense shall specify for purposes of compliance with this section.
(f) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring the Secretary of a military department to make a basing decision covered by subsection (a) that the Secretary determines would diminish military readiness or impede military mission for the purpose of military family readiness.
(g) ANALYTICAL FRAMEWORK.—The Secretary of the military department concerned shall take into account the considerations specified in this section, among such other factors as the Secretary considers appropriate, in determining whether to proceed with a basing decision covered by subsection (a) using an analytical framework developed by that Secretary that uses criteria based on—
(1) quantitative data available within the Department of Defense; and
(2) such reliable quantitative data from sources outside the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate.
(h) BASING DECISION SCORECARD.—
(1) SCORECARD REQUIRED.—The Secretary of the military department concerned shall establish a scorecard for military installations under the jurisdiction of such Secretary, and for States and localities in which such installations are or may be located, to facilitate taking into account the considerations specified in this section whenever that Secretary makes a basing decision covered by subsection (a).
(2) UPDATE.—The Secretary of the military department concerned shall update the scorecard established by that Secretary under this subsection not less frequently than once each year in order to keep the information in such scorecard as current as is practicable.
(3) AVAILABILITY TO PUBLIC.—A current version of each scorecard established under this subsection shall be available to the public through an Internet website of the military department concerned that is accessible to the public.
(i) BRIEFINGS.—Not later than April 1 of each of 2021, 2022, and 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on actions taken pursuant to this section, including a description and assessment of the effect of the taking into account of the considerations specified in this section on particular basing decisions in the United States during the one-year period ending on the date of the briefing.
(j) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “covered military unit” means a unit of the Armed Forces whose initial assignment to a military installation or relocation from a military installation to a different military installation requires the preparation of an environmental impact statement in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).
(2) The term “major headquarters” means the headquarters of a unit of the Armed Forces or command that is the appropri-ate command of a general officer or flag officer.