134 STAT. 3394          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Sec. 534. Additional matters for 2021 report of the Defense Advisory Committee for the Prevention of Sexual Misconduct.
Sec. 535. Inclusion of advisory duties on the Coast Guard Academy among duties of Defense Advisory Committee for the Prevention of Sexual Misconduct.
Sec. 536. Modification of reporting and data collection on victims of sexual offenses.
Sec. 537. Modification of annual report regarding sexual assaults involving members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 538. Coordination of support for survivors of sexual trauma.
Sec. 539. Policy for military service academies on separation of alleged victims and alleged perpetrators in incidents of sexual assault.
Sec. 539A. Safe-to-report policy applicable across the Armed Forces.
Sec. 539B. Accountability of leadership of the Department of Defense for discharging the sexual harassment policies and programs of the Department.
Sec. 539C. Reports on status of investigations of alleged sex-related offenses.
Sec. 539D. Report on ability of Sexual Assault Response Coordinators and Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Victim Advocates to perform duties.
Sec. 539E. Briefing on Special Victims’ Counsel program.
Sec. 539F. Briefing on placement of members of the Armed Forces in academic status who are victims of sexual assault onto Non-Deployable Status.

               Subtitle E—Military Justice and Other Legal Matters

Sec. 541. Right to notice of victims of offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice regarding certain post-trial motions, filings, and hearings.
Sec. 542. Qualifications of judges and standard of review for Courts of Criminal Appeals.
Sec. 543. Expulsion of court-martial records.
Sec. 544. Availability of records for National Instant Criminal Background Check System.
Sec. 545. Removal of personally identifying and other information of certain persons from investigative reports, the Department of Defense Central Index of Investigations, and other records and databases.
Sec. 546. Briefing on mental health support and other information on gender in the military justice system.
Sec. 547. Comptroller General of the United States report on implementation by the Armed Forces of recent GAO recommendations and statutory requirements on assessment of racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in the military justice system.
Sec. 548. Legal assistance for veterans and surviving spouses and dependents.
Sec. 549. Clarification of termination of leases of premises occupied by servicemembers who incur catastrophic injury or illness or die while in military service.
Sec. 549A. Multidisciplinary board to evaluate suicide events.
Sec. 549B. Improvements to Department of Defense tracking of and response to incidents of child abuse, adult crimes against children, and serious harmful behavior between children and youth involving military dependents on military installations.
Sec. 549C. Independent analyses and recommendations on domestic violence in the Armed Forces.

                       Subtitle F—Diversity and Inclusion

Sec. 551. Diversity and inclusion reporting requirements and related matters.
Sec. 552. National emergency exception for timing requirements with respect to certain surveys of members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 553. Questions regarding racism, anti-Semitism, and supremacism in workplace surveys administered by the Secretary of Defense.
Sec. 554. Inspector General oversight of diversity and inclusion in Department of Defense; supremacist, extremist, or criminal gang activity in the Armed Forces.
Sec. 555. Policy to improve responses to pregnancy and childbirth by certain members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 556. Training on diversity in Department of Defense institutions for members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 557. Evaluation of barriers to minority participation in certain units of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 558. Comptroller General of the United States report on equal opportunity at the military service academies.

                  Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards

Sec. 561. Extension of time to review World War I Valor Medals.
Sec. 562. Authorizations for certain awards.