134 STAT. 4068	                                                                         PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(F) An assessment of the impact to the flights IIA and III fielding and posture plans of the Navy for Arleigh Burke class destroyers if at-sea standard missile–3 block IIA missiles are required for the proposed layered homeland missile defense architecture.

(G) A site-specific fielding plan that includes possible locations, the number and type of interceptors and radars in each location, and any associated environmental or permitting considerations, including an assessment of the locations evaluated pursuant to section 227(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1679) for inclusion in the proposed layered homeland missile defense architecture.

(H) Relevant policy considerations for deployment of such architecture for defense against intercontinental ballistic missiles in the continental United States.

(I) A life-cycle cost estimate and detailed development, testing, production, and deployment schedule for options involving a land-based standard missile–3 block IIA interceptor system and the terminal high altitude area defense system, including required environmental assessments.

(J) A feasibility assessment of the necessary modifications to the terminal high altitude area defense system to address such requirements.

(K) An assessment of the industrial base capacity to support additional production of either a land-based standard missile–3 block IIA interceptor system or the terminal high altitude area defense system.

(L) An assessment of the manning, training, and sustainment needed to operationally support the proposed layered homeland missile defense architecture.

(3) CONSULTATION.—In preparing the report required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with each of the following:

(A) The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.
(B) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment.
(C) The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as the Chair of the Joint Requirements Oversight Council.
(D) The Commander of the United States Strategic Command.
(E) The Commander of the United States Northern Command.
(F) The Director of the Missile Defense Agency.
(G) The Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation.

(b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2021 for the Missile Defense Agency for a layered homeland missile defense system, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the Director of the Missile Defense Agency submits to the congressional defense committees the report under subsection (a).  

Deadline.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

(c) ASSESSMENT.—Not later than February 28, 2021, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the head of any other element of the intelligence community that the Secretary