134 STAT. 4342          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(c)(2) of this section, is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2026, if the Secretary and the Exchange Entity have not entered into a land exchange agreement described in subsection (b) before that date’’. 

SEC. 2833. LAND CONVEYANCE, SHARPE ARMY DEPOT, LATHROP, CALIFORNIA.

(a) CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED.—If the Secretary of the Army determines that no department or agency of the Federal Government will accept the transfer of a parcel of real property consisting of approximately 525 acres at Sharpe Army Depot in Lathrop, California, the Secretary may convey to the Port of Stockton, California, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property, including any improvements thereon, for the purpose of permitting the Port of Stockton to use the property for the development or operation of a port facility.

(b) MODIFICATION OF PARCEL AUTHORIZED FOR CONVEYANCE.—If a department or agency of the Federal Government will accept the transfer of a portion of the parcel of real property described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall modify the conveyance authorized by such subsection to exclude the portion of the parcel to be accepted by that department or agency.

(c) CONVEYANCE ALTERNATIVES.—
    (1) PUBLIC BENEFIT CONVEYANCE.—The Secretary of the Army may assign the real property described in subsection (a) to the Secretary of Transportation for conveyance under such subsection as a public benefit conveyance for monetary consideration to the Federal Government if the Port of Stockton satisfies the conveyance requirements specified in section 554 of title 40, United States Code.
    (2) FAIR MARKET VALUE CONVEYANCE.—
        (A) AMOUNT AND DETERMINATION.—If the Port of Stockton fails to qualify for a public benefit conveyance under paragraph (1) and still desires to acquire the real property described in subsection (a), the Port of Stockton shall pay to the United States an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the property being conveyed. The Secretary of the Army shall determine the fair market value of the property using an independent appraisal based on the highest and best use of the property.
        (B) DEPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary shall deposit cash payment received under subparagraph (A) in the special account in the Treasury established for that Secretary under section 2667(e) of title 10, United States Code. The entire amount deposited shall be available for use in accordance with paragraph (1)(C) of such section. Paragraph (1)(D) of such section shall not apply to the entire amount deposited.
(d) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE.—
    (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED.—The Secretary of the Army shall require the Port of Stockton to pay costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance authorized by subsection (a), including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the conveyance, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance.