134 STAT. 3944            PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

undermine confidence in, or alter the result or reported result of, a general or primary Federal, State, or local election or caucus, including—
	“(i) the campaign of a candidate; or
	“(ii) a ballot measure, including an amendment, a bond issue, an initiative, a recall, a referral, or a referendum.”; and
         (C) in paragraph (10), as so redesignated, in subparagraph (A), by striking “and” after the semicolon and inserting “or”.

Subtitle E—Matters Relating to Europe and NATO

SEC. 1241. DETERMINATION AND IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO TURKEY’S ACQUISITION OF THE S-400 AIR DEFENSE SYSTEM.
    (a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that it is in the national security interest of the United States—
		(1) to deter aggression against North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies by the Russian Federation or any other adversary;
		(2) to continue to work with NATO allies to ensure they meet their alliance defense commitments, including through adequate and efficient investments in national defense;
		(3) to work to maintain and strengthen the democratic institutions and practices of all NATO allies, in accordance with the goals of Article 2 of the North Atlantic Treaty;
		(4) to ensure that Turkey remains a critical NATO ally and important military partner for the United States, contributing to key NATO and United States missions and providing support for United States military operations and logistics needs;
		(5) to assist NATO allies in acquiring and deploying modern, NATO-interoperable military equipment and reducing their dependence on Russian or former Soviet-era defense articles;
		(6) to promote opportunities to strengthen the capacity of NATO member states to counter Russian malign influence; and
		(7) to enforce fully the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9401 et seq.), including by imposing sanctions with respect to any person that the President determines knowingly engages in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation, as described in section 231 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 9525).
    (b) DETERMINATION.—The acquisition by the Government of Turkey of the S-400 air defense system from the Russian Federation beginning on July 12, 2019, constitutes a significant transaction as described in section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9525).
    (c) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall impose