PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021        134 STAT. 3475

(C) verify the integrity of personnel who are tasked with design fabrication, integration, configuration, storage, test, and documentation of noncommercial 5G technology to be used by the Department;
(D) verify the efficacy of the physical security measures used at Department locations where system design, fabrication, integration, configuration, storage, test, and documentation of 5G technology occurs;
(E) direct the Chief Information Officer to assess, using existing government evaluation models and schema where applicable, 5G core service providers whose services will be used by the Department through the Department’s provisional authorization process; and
(F) direct the Defense Information Systems Agency and the United States Cyber Command to develop a capability for continuous, independent monitoring of noncommercial, government-transiting packet streams for 5G data on frequencies assigned to the Department to validate the availability, confidentiality, and integrity of the Department’s communications systems.
(3) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a plan for the implementation of the program under paragraph (1).
(4) REPORT.—Not later than 270 days after submitting the plan under paragraph (3), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that includes—
 (A) a comprehensive assessment of the findings and conclusions of the program under paragraph (1);
 (B) recommendations on how to mitigate vulnerabilities in the telecommunications infrastructure of the Department of Defense; and 
 (C) an explanation of how the Department plans to implement such recommendations. 
(h) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.- 
 (1) IN GENERAL.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as providing the Chief Information Officer immediate responsibility for the activities of the Department of Defense in fifth- generation wireless networking experimentation and science and technology development.
(2) PURVIEW OF EXPERIMENTATION AND SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT.—The activities described in paragraph (1) shall remain within the purview of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, but shall inform and be informed by the activities of the cross-functional team established pursuant to subsection (c).

SEC. 225. DEMONSTRATION PROJECT ON USE OF CERTAIN TECHNOLOGIES FOR FIFTH-GENERATION WIRELESS NETWORKING SERVICES.

(a) DEMONSTRATION PROJECT.—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a demonstration project to evaluate the maturity, performance, and cost of covered technologies to provide additional options for providers of fifth-generation wireless network services.
(b) LOCATION. The Secretary of Defense shall carry out the demonstration project under subsection (a) in at least one location