PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3495

to the congressional defense committees a report on the progress of the program. Each report shall include—
(A) the information described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1);
(B) the results of any research projects conducted under the program; and
(C) the number of students and recent graduates who, pursuant to a reference from a faculty member or student participating in the program as described in subsection (e)(3), were hired by the Department of Defense or selected for participation in another program in the Defense science and technology enterprise.
(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term ‘‘Defense science and technology enterprise’’ means—
(A) the research organizations of the military departments;
(B) the science and technology reinvention laboratories (as designated under section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111– 84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note));
(C) the facilities of the Major Range and Test Facility Base (as defined in section 2358a(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code); and
(D) the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
(2) The term ‘‘faculty’’ means an individual who serves as a professor, lecturer, or instructor at an institution of higher education.
(3) The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001).

SEC. 250. NATIONAL SECURITY WORKFORCE AND EDUCATIONAL DIVERSITY ACTIVITIES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to diversify participation in the Science, Mathematics, and Research for Transformation (SMART) Defense Education Program under section 2192a of title 10, United States Code.
(b) ACTIVITIES.—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall—
(1) subject to the availability of appropriations for this purpose, set aside funds for financial assistance, scholarships, and fellowships for students at historically Black colleges or universities or at minority institutions of higher education and such other institutions as the Secretary considers appropriate;
(2) partner with institutions of higher education, and such other public and private sector organizations as the Secretary considers appropriate, to increase diversity of participants in the program described in subsection (a);
(3) establish individual and organizational incentives, and such other activities as the Secretary considers appropriate, to increase diversity of student participation in the program described in subsection (a);
(4) increase awareness of opportunities to participate in the program described in subsection (a);
(5) evaluate the potential for new programs, fellowships, and other activities at historically Black colleges or universities

Evaluation.