134 STAT. 4144          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

    (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date on which the guidance is issued under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the guidance issued pursuant to subsection (a).
        (2) CONTENTS.—At a minimum, the report submitted under paragraph (1) shall address the following:
            (A) The objectives of the guidance and the manner in which the guidance seeks to achieve those objectives.
            (B) The effect of the guidance on the hiring process for artificial intelligence professionals and other data science and software development personnel, including the effect on—
                (i) hiring time;
                (ii) the use of direct hiring authority;
                (iii) the use of subject matter experts; and
                (iv) the quality of new hires, as assessed by hiring managers and organizational leaders.

6 USC 1500.           SEC. 1752. NATIONAL CYBER DIRECTOR.
          (a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established, within the Executive Office of the President, the Office of the National Cyber Director (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Office’’).
          (b) NATIONAL CYBER DIRECTOR.—
              (1) IN GENERAL.—The Office shall be headed by the National Cyber Director (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Director’’) who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
              (2) POSITION.—The Director shall hold office at the pleasure of the President.
              (3) PAY AND ALLOWANCES.—The Director shall be entitled to receive the same pay and allowances as are provided for level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code.
          (c) DUTIES OF THE NATIONAL CYBER DIRECTOR.—
              (1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the President, the Director shall—
                  (A) serve as the principal advisor to the President on cybersecurity policy and strategy relating to the coordination of—
                      (i) information security and data protection;
                      (ii) programs and policies intended to improve the cybersecurity posture of the United States;
                      (iii) efforts to understand and deter malicious cyber activity;
                      (iv) efforts to increase the security of information and communications technology and services and to promote national supply chain risk management and vendor security;
                      (v) diplomatic and other efforts to develop norms and international consensus around responsible state behavior in cyberspace;
                      (vi) awareness and adoption of emerging technology that may enhance, augment, or degrade the cybersecurity posture of the United States; and