134 STAT. 4368              PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent weapon system to a single prime contractor if the Secretary determines that awarding the contracts to a single prime contractor—
        (l) is in the best interest of the Government; and
        (2) is necessary to ensure the proper synchronization and execution of work related to the development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent weapon system and its associated military construction projects and other infrastructure projects.
    (d) EXCEPTIONS TO CURRENT LAW.—The Secretary of the Air Force may carry out this section without regard to the following provisions of law:
        (l) Section 2304 of title 10, United States Code.
        (2) Section 2851(a) of such title.
    (e) EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY.—The authorities provided by this section shall expire upon the earlier of the following:
        (1) The date that is 15 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
        (2) The date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees a certification that the fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent weapon system is complete.
    (f) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.—
        (1) INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the actions taken and to be taken by the Secretary to ensure that the development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent weapon system is synchronized with its associated military construction projects and other infrastructure projects.
        (2) REPORT ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall contain, at minimum, the following elements:
            (A) A description of the estimated total cost, scope of work, location, and schedule for the planning and design, military construction, and other infrastructure investments necessary to support the development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent weapon system.
            (B) A recommendation regarding the methods by which a programmatic military construction authorization, authorization of appropriations, and appropriation, on an installation-by-installation basis, could be used to support the synchronized development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent and its associated military construction projects and other infrastructure projects.
            (C) Identification of the specific provisions of law, if any, that the Secretary determines may adversely impact or delay the development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent weapon system and its associated construction projects and other infrastructure projects, assuming, as described in subparagraph (B), the use of a programmatic military construction authorization on an installation-by-installation basis.
            (D) A plan to ensure sufficient capability and capacity to cover civilian and military manning for oversight and contract management related to the development and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent weapon