PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4575

(2) consistent with relevant FinCEN and Federal functional regulator guidance, including the December 2018 Joint Statement on Innovative Efforts to Combat Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing.

SEC. 6210. FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENT.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, in consultation with financial regulators, technology experts, national security experts, law enforcement, and any other group the Secretary determines is appropriate, shall analyze the impact of financial technology on financial crimes compliance, including with respect to money laundering, the financing of terrorism, proliferation finance, serious tax fraud, trafficking, sanctions evasion, and other illicit finance.
(b) COORDINATION.—In carrying out the duties required under this section, the Secretary shall consult with relevant agency officials and consider other interagency efforts and data relating to examining the impact of financial technology, including activities conducted by—
    (1) cyber security working groups at the Department of the Treasury;
    (2) cyber security experts identified by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security;
    (3) the intelligence community; and
    (4) the Financial Stability Oversight Council.
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report containing any findings under subsection (a), including legislative and administrative recommendations.

SEC. 6211. FINANCIAL CRIMES TECH SYMPOSIUM.
(a) PURPOSE.—The purposes of this section are to—
    (1) promote greater international collaboration in the effort to prevent and detect financial crimes and suspicious activities; and
    (2) facilitate the investigation, development, and timely adoption of new technologies aimed at preventing and detecting financial crimes and other illicit activities.
(b) PERIODIC MEETINGS.—The Secretary shall, in coordination with the Subcommittee on Innovation and Technology established under subsection (d) of section 1564 of the Annunzio-Wylie Anti-Money Laundering Act, as added by section 6207 of this division, periodically convene a global anti-money laundering and financial crime symposium focused on how new technology can be used to more effectively combat financial crimes and other illicit activities.
(c) ATTENDEES.—Attendees at each symposium convened under this section shall include domestic and international financial regulators, senior executives from regulated firms, technology providers, representatives from law enforcement and national security agencies, academic and other experts, and other individuals that the Secretary determines are appropriate.
(d) PANELS.—At each symposium convened under this section, the Secretary shall convene panels in order to review new technologies and permit attendees to demonstrate proof of concept.