134 STAT. 4856          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

of the implementation of this section that includes a description of—
(1) any commitments made by the governments of countries that have entered into an arrangement or agreement with the United States to provide funding for the common funding mechanism described in subsection (b)(1) and the specific amount so committed and other cooperative measures being taken by such countries as part of the common funding mechanism;
(2) the criteria established for expenditure of funds through the common funding mechanism;
(3) how, and to whom, amounts have been expended from the Fund and a description of progress made utilizing the Fund to support the objectives described in subsection (b)(1);
(4) amounts remaining in the Fund;
(5) the progress of the Secretary of State toward entering into an arrangement or agreement with the governments of countries that are partners of the United States to participate in the common funding mechanism and the commitments described in subsection (b)(2); and
(6) any additional authorities needed to enhance the effectiveness of the Fund in achieving the security goals of the United States.
(d) NOTIFICATIONS TO BE PROVIDED BY THE FUND.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 15 days prior to the Fund making a financial commitment associated with the provision of expenditures under subsection (a)(4)(A) in an amount in excess of $1,000,000, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress report in writing that contains the information required by paragraph (2).
(2) INFORMATION REQUIRED.—The information required by this subsection includes—
(A) the amount of each such expenditure;
(B) an identification of the recipient or beneficiary; and
(C) a description of the project or activity and the purpose to be achieved by an expenditure of the Fund.
(3) ARRANGEMENTS OR AGREEMENTS.—The Secretary of State shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 30 days after entering into a new bilateral or multilateral arrangement or agreement described in subsection (a)(4)(B).

15 USC 4656. SEC. 9906. ADVANCED MICROELECTRONICS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.
President.
(a) SUBCOMMITTEE ON MICROELECTRONICS LEADERSHIP.—
(1) ESTABLISHMENT REQUIRED.—The President shall establish in the National Science and Technology Council a subcommittee on matters relating to leadership and competitiveness of the United States in microelectronics technology and innovation (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Subcommittee’’).
(2) MEMBERSHIP.—The Subcommittee shall be composed of the following members:
(A) The Secretary of Defense.
(B) The Secretary of Energy.
(C) The Director of the National Science Foundation.
(D) The Secretary of Commerce.