PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 4713

water body characteristics, waterway usage, and any additional factors that the Captain considers appropriate.
“(3) REVIEW AND IMPLEMENTATION.—Not later than 180 days after receiving regional policies under paragraph (2)—
“(A) the Secretary shall review such regional policies;
and
“(B) the Captain of the port concerned shall implement the policies that the Secretary approves.
“(4) MAINTENANCE.—The Secretary shall maintain a central depository for all local variances approved under this section.
“(d) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with public or private agencies, authorities, associations, institutions, corporations, organizations, or other persons to carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1).
“(2) INTERNATIONAL COORDINATION.—With respect to vessel traffic service areas that cross international boundaries, the Secretary may enter into bilateral or cooperative agreements with international partners to jointly carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1) and to jointly manage such areas to collect, share, assess, and analyze information in the possession or control of the international partner.
“(3) LIMITATION.—
“(A) INHERENTLY GOVERNMENTAL FUNCTION.—A nongovernmental entity may not under this subsection carry out any inherently governmental function.
“(B) DEFINITION OF INHERENTLY GOVERNMENTAL FUNCTION.—In this paragraph, the term ‘inherently governmental function’ means any activity that is so intimately related to the public interest as to mandate performance by an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including an activity that requires either the exercise of discretion in applying the authority of the Government or the use of judgment in making a decision for the Government.
“(4) DISCLOSURE.—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall de-identify information prior to release to the public, including near miss incidents.
“(e) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall develop and implement a standard method for evaluating the performance of vessel traffic service centers.
“(2) ELEMENTS.—The standard method developed and implemented under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, analysis and collection of data with respect to the following within a vessel traffic service area covered by each vessel traffic service center:
“(A) Volume of vessel traffic, categorized by type of vessel.
“(B) Total volume of flammable, combustible, or hazardous liquid cargo transported, categorized by vessel type as provided in the Notice of Arrival, if applicable, or as determined by other means.
“(C) Data on near-miss incidents.
“(D) Data on marine casualties.