PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3607

(2) otherwise being in close proximity to each other during mandatory activities.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the policy developed under subsection (a)—
(1) permits an alleged victim to elect not to be covered by the policy with respect to a particular incident of sexual assault;
(2) protects the alleged victim as necessary, including by prohibiting retaliatory harassment;
(3) minimizes the prejudicial impact of the policy, to the extent practicable, on both the alleged victim and the alleged perpetrator, and allows the alleged victim and the alleged perpetrator to complete their course of study at the institution with minimal disruption;
(4) protects the privacy of both the alleged victim and the alleged perpetrator by ensuring that information about the alleged sexual assault and the individuals involved is not revealed to third parties who are not specifically authorized to receive such information in the course of performing their regular duties, except that such policy shall not preclude the alleged victim or the alleged perpetrator from making such disclosures to third parties; and
(5) minimizes the burden on the alleged victim when taking steps to separate the alleged victim and alleged perpetrator. (c) SPECIAL RULE.—The policy developed under subsection (a) shall not preclude a military service academy from taking other administrative or disciplinary action when appropriate.
(d) MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘military service academy’’ means the following:
(1) The United States Military Academy.
(2) The United States Naval Academy.
(3) The United States Air Force Academy.
(4) The United States Coast Guard Academy.

SEC. 539A. SAFE-TO-REPORT POLICY APPLICABLE ACROSS THE ARMED FORCES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, prescribe in regulations a safe-to-report policy described in subsection (b) that applies with respect to all members of the Armed Forces (including members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces) and cadets and midshipmen at the military service academies.
(b) SAFE-TO-REPORT POLICY.—The safe-to-report policy described in this subsection is a policy that prescribes the handling of minor collateral misconduct involving a member of the Armed Forces who is the alleged victim of sexual assault.
(c) AGGRAVATING CIRCUMSTANCES.—The regulations under subsection (a) shall specify aggravating circumstances that increase the gravity of minor collateral misconduct or its impact on good order and discipline for purposes of the safe-to-report policy.
(d) TRACKING OF COLLATERAL MISCONDUCT INCIDENTS.—In conjunction with the issuance of regulations under subsection (a), Secretary shall develop and implement a process to track incidents of minor collateral misconduct that are subject to the safe-to-report policy.
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

10 USC 1561
note.

Consultation.
Regulations.
Applicability.