PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 4631

formal banking system of the United States through money
laundering or other means;
   (E) the participants, including State and non-State
actors, throughout the entire supply chain that may participate in or benefit from the buying, selling, or financing
of goods and services associated with human trafficking
or drug trafficking, including through online marketplaces
or using virtual currencies, destined for, originating from,
or within the United States;
   (F) Federal and State agency efforts to impede the
buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with human trafficking or drug trafficking destined
for, originating from, or within the United States, including
efforts to prevent the proceeds from human trafficking
or drug trafficking from entering the United States banking
system;
   (G) how virtual currencies and their underlying technologies can be used to detect and deter these illicit activities; and
   (H) to what extent immutability and traceability of
virtual currencies can contribute to the tracking and
prosecution of illicit funding.
    (2) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General
of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report—
       (A) summarizing the results of the study required
    under paragraph (1); and
       (B) that contains any recommendations for legislative
    or regulatory action that would improve the efforts of Federal agencies to impede the use of virtual currencies and
    online marketplaces in facilitating human trafficking and
    drug trafficking.

SEC. 6506. TREASURY STUDY AND STRATEGY ON TRADE-BASED MONEY
                          LAUNDERING.
(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall carry out a study,
in consultation with appropriate private sector stakeholders,
academic and other international trade experts, and Federal
agencies, on trade-based money laundering.
    (2) CONTRACTING AUTHORITY.—The Secretary may enter
into a contract with a private third-party entity to carry out
the study required by paragraph (1).
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress
a report that includes—
       (A) all findings and determinations made in carrying
    out the study required under subsection (a); and
       (B) proposed strategies to combat trade-based money
    laundering.
    (2) CLASSIFIED ANNEX.—The report required under paragraph (1)—
       (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form; and
       (B) may include a classified annex.