PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3899

“(1) IN GENERAL.—An individual appointed to a position
in the Department of Defense at a covered location may be
paid a recruitment incentive in connection with such appoint-
ment.

‘‘(2) AMOUNT.—The amount of a recruitment incentive pay-
able to an individual under this subsection may not exceed
the amount equal to—

‘‘(A) 25 percent of the annual rate of basic pay of
the employee for the position concerned as of the date
on which the service period in such position agreed to
by the individual under paragraph (3) commences; multi-
plied by

‘‘(B) the number of years (including fractions of a year)
of such service period (not to exceed four years).

‘‘(3) SERVICE AGREEMENT.—To receive a recruitment incen-
tive under this subsection, an individual appointed to a position
under paragraph (1) shall enter into an agreement with the
Secretary of Defense to complete a period of service at the
covered location. The period of obligated service of the indi-
vidual at such location under the agreement may not exceed
four years. The agreement shall include such repayment or
alternative employment obligations as the Secretary considers
appropriate for failure of the individual to complete the period
of obligated service specified in the agreement.

‘‘(4) COVERED LOCATIONS DEFINED.—In this section, a cov-
ered location is a location for which the Secretary of Defense
has determined that critical hiring needs are not satisfied
due to the geographic remoteness or isolation or extreme cli-
mate conditions of the location.

‘‘(d) SUNSET.—Effective on September 30, 2022, the authority
provided under subsection (a) shall expire.”.

(b) OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS.—The Secretary of Defense shall
develop outcome measurements to evaluate the effect of the
authority provided under subsection (a) of section 1599i of title
10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), and any reloca-
tion incentives provided under subsection (b) of such section.

(c) REPORT REQUIRED.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 1, 2022, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense
committees a report on the effect of the authority provided
under section 1599i of title 10, United States Code, as added
by subsection (a).

(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall
include the following:

(A) A description and assessment of the effectiveness
and achievements of the recruitment incentives described
in paragraph (1), including—

(i) the number of employees placed at covered loca-
tions described in section 1599i(a)(2) of title 10, United
States Code, as added by subsection (a); and

(ii) the cost-per-placement of such employees.

(B) A comparison of the effectiveness and use of the
recruitment incentives described in paragraph (1) to
authorities under title 5, United States Code, used by the
Department of Defense before the date of the enactment
of this Act to support hiring at remote or rural locations.

(C) An assessment of—
10 USC 1599i
note.
Assessments.
``