134 STAT. 4826

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Consultation.
(2) PLAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION AND RECONCILING PROGRAM DEFINITIONS.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director, in consultation with the Secretary, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that—
(A) includes a plan that—
(i) discusses how making available on a website the information required under subsection (a) of section 1122 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), will leverage existing data sources while avoiding duplicative or overlapping information in presenting information relating to program activities and programs;
(ii) indicates how any gaps in data will be assessed and addressed;
(iii) indicates how the Director will display such data; and
(iv) discusses how the Director will expand the information collected with respect to program activities to incorporate the information required under the amendments made by subsection (a);
(B) sets forth details regarding a pilot program, developed in accordance with best practices for effective pilot programs—
(i) to develop and implement a functional program inventory that could be limited in scope; and
(ii) under which the information required under the amendments made by subsection (a) with respect to program activities shall be made available on the website required under section 1122(a) of title 31, United States Code;
(C) establishes an implementation timeline for—
(i) gathering and building program activity information;
(ii) developing and implementing the pilot program;
(iii) seeking and responding to stakeholder comments;
(iv) developing and presenting findings from the pilot program to the appropriate congressional committees;
(v) notifying the appropriate congressional committees regarding how program activities will be aggregated, disaggregated, or consolidated as part of identifying programs; and
(vi) implementing a Government-wide program inventory through an iterative approach; and
(D) includes recommendations, if any, to reconcile the conflicting definitions of the term “program” in relevant Federal statutes, as it relates to the purpose of this section.
(3) IMPLEMENTATION.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall make available online all information required under the amendments made by subsection (a) with respect to all programs.
(B) EXTENSIONS.—The Director may, based on an analysis of the costs of implementation, and after submitting

Notification.
Inventory.
Recommendations.
Deadline.
Web postings.
Cost analysis.
Notification.
Time period.