134 STAT. 3464           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

            (3) Section 2374a of title 10, United States Code, relating
to prizes for advanced technology achievements.
            (4) Section 2474 of title 10, United States Code, relating
to Centers of Industrial and Technical Excellence.
            (5) Section 2521 of title 10, United States Code, relating
to the Manufacturing Technology Program.
            (6) Subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States
Code, relating to assignments to and from States.
            (7) Chapter 47 of title 5, United States Code, relating
to personnel research programs and demonstration projects.
            (8) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-
tion Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title
31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and
development agreements.
            (9) Such other authorities as the Secretary considers appro-
priate.
     (c) IMPLEMENTATION.—
           (1) SUPPORT FROM OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
ORGANIZATIONS.—The Secretary of Defense may direct other
organizations and elements of the Department of Defense to
provide personnel, resources, and other support to the activity
established under this section, as the Secretary determines
appropriate.
          (2) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—
                (A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense
Deadlines. shall submit to the congressional defense committees a
plan for implementing the activity established under this
section.
                 (B) ELEMENTS.—The plan required under subpara-
graph (A) shall include the following:
                         (i) Plans that describe any support that will be
provided for the activity by other organizations and
elements of the Department of Defense under para-
graph (1).
                         (ii) Plans for the implementation of the activity,
including plans for—
                                  (I) future funding and administrative support
of the activity;
                                  (II) integration of the activity into the
programming, planning, budgeting, and execution
process of the Department of Defense;
                                  (III) integration of the activity with the other
programs and initiatives within the Department
that have missions relating to innovation and out-
reach to the academic and the private sector ; 
and
                                  (IV) performance indicators by which the
activity will be assessed and evaluated.
                          (iii) A description of any additional authorities the
Secretary may require to effectively carry out the
responsibilities under this section.
10 USC 4001
note.    SEC. 220. SOCIAL SCIENCE, MANAGEMENT SCIENCE, AND INFORMA-
                   TION SCIENCE RESEARCH ACTIVITIES.
      (a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Defense, acting through
the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering,