134 STAT. 3788      PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) on or before September 9, 2020, may elect to extend such participation by a period of 1 year, regardless of whether such concern previously elected to suspend participation in such program pursuant to guidance of the Administrator.

(b) EMERGENCY RULEMAKING AUTHORITY.—Not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall issue regulations to carry out this section without regard to the notice requirements under section 553(b) of title 5, United States Code.

15 USC 644 note. SEC. 870. COMPLIANCE OF OFFICES OF SMALL BUSINESS AND DIS- 
ADVANTAGED BUSINESS UTILIZATION.

(a) REPORT.—If the Comptroller General of the United States has determined that a Director of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization of a Federal agency is not in compliance with the requirements of section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)), such Director shall submit, not later than the specified date, to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report that includes the reasons for such noncompliance and the specific actions the Director shall take to remedy such noncompliance.

(b) SPECIFIED DATE DEFINED.—In this section, the term “specified date” means the later of—
(1) the date that is 120 days after the date on which a determination is made under subsection (a); or
(2) 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.

15 USC 631 note. SEC. 871. CATEGORY MANAGEMENT TRAINING.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 8 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, in coordination with the Administrator of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy and any other head of a Federal agency (as determined by the Administrator), shall develop a training curriculum on category management for staff of Federal agencies with procurement or acquisition responsibilities. Such training shall include—
(1) best practices for procuring goods and services from small business concerns (as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); and
(2) information on avoiding conflicts with the requirements of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.).

(b) USE OF CURRICULUM.—The Administrator of the Small Business Administration—
(1) shall ensure that staff for Federal agencies described in subsection (a) receive the training described in such subsection; and
(2) may request the assistance of the relevant Director of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization (as described in section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k))) to carry out the requirements of paragraph (1).

(c) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS.—The Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall provide a copy of the training curriculum developed under subsection (a) to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate.