PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(2) CERTIFICATION.—The certification referred to in paragraph (1) is a certification, in writing, that the Navy can mitigate the reduction in multi-mission large surface combatant requirements, including anti-air and ballistic missile defense capabilities, due to having a reduced number of DDG-51 Destroyers with the advanced AN/SPY-6 radar in the next three decades.
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes—

    (1) a description of likely detrimental impacts to the large surface combatant industrial base, and a plan to mitigate such impacts, if the fiscal year 2021 future-years defense program is implemented as proposed;
    (2) a review of the benefits to the Navy fleet of the new AN/SPY-6 radar to be deployed aboard Flight III variant DDG-51 Destroyers, which are currently under construction, as well as an analysis of impacts to the warfighting capabilities of the fleet should the number of such destroyers be reduced; and
    (3) a plan to fully implement section 131 of the National Defense Authorization for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 133 Stat. 1237), including subsystem prototyping efforts and funding by fiscal year.

SEC. 142. LIMITATIONS ON NAVY MEDIUM AND LARGE UNMANNED SURFACE VESSELS.
(a) MILESTONE B APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS.—Milestone B approval may not be granted for a covered program unless such program accomplishes prior to and incorporates into such approval—

    (1) qualification by the Senior Technical Authority of—
        (A) at least one representative main propulsion system, including the fuel and lube oil systems; and
        (B) at least one representative electrical generation and distribution system;
    (2) final results of test programs of engineering development models or prototypes showing that critical systems designated pursuant to subparagraph (C) of section 8669b(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, are demonstrated as required by subparagraph (I) of that section; and
    (3) a determination by the milestone decision authority of the minimum number of vessels, discrete test events, performance parameters to be tested, and schedule required to complete initial operational test and evaluation and demonstrate operational suitability and operational effectiveness.

(b) QUALIFICATION REQUIRES OPERATIONAL DEMONSTRATION.—The qualification required in subsection (a)(1) shall include a land-based operational demonstration of the systems concerned in the vessel-representative form, fit, and function for not less than 720 continuous hours without preventative maintenance, corrective maintenance, emergent repair, or any other form of repair or maintenance.
(c) USE OF QUALIFIED SYSTEMS.—The Secretary of the Navy shall require that covered programs use only main propulsion systems and electrical generation and distribution systems that are qualified under subsection (a)(1).