134 STAT. 3926          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Classified information.
(3) FORM.—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.

(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall prejudice whether a subsequent agreement or arrangement involving the Taliban constitutes a treaty for purposes of Article II of the Constitution of the United States.

(e) SUNSET.—Except for subsections (b) and (d), the provisions of this section shall cease to be effective on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 1218. STRATEGY FOR POST-CONFLICT ENGAGEMENT ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN AFGHANISTAN.
Consultation. Deadline. 

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development and other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate not later than 120 days after a final Afghan Reconciliation Agreement is reached between the Government of Afghanistan and the Taliban, a strategy to support the protection and promotion of basic human rights in Afghanistan, especially the human rights of women and girls.

(b) REQUIRED ELEMENTS.—The Secretary of State shall seek to ensure that activities carried out under the strategy—
(1) employ rigorous monitoring and evaluation methodologies, including ex-post evaluation, and gender analysis as defined by the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–428) and required by the U.S. Strategy on Women, Peace, and Security;
(2) disaggregate all data collected and reported by age, gender, marital and motherhood status, disability, and urbanity, to the extent practicable and appropriate; and
(3) advance the principles and objectives specified in the Policy Guidance on Promoting Gender Equality of the Department of State and the Gender Equality and Female Empowerment Policy of the United States Agency for International Development.

SEC. 1219. MODIFICATION TO REPORT ON ENHANCING SECURITY AND STABILITY IN AFGHANISTAN.

Section 1225(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3550) is amended by adding at the end the following:
“(10) CIVILIAN CASUALTIES.—
“(A) An analysis of civilian casualties caused by—
    “(i) the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and
    “(ii) the Taliban and other terrorist organizations in Afghanistan.
“(B) A description of current training and advisory efforts to improve the Government of Afghanistan’s capa- bility to minimize civilian casualties and other harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure in compliance with the laws of armed conflict, to include its principles of military necessity, proportionality, and distinction, and any gaps