134 STAT. 4072        PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

programs in countering such threats with an initial operational capability by 2025.
(4) An analysis of which military department, Defense Agency, or combatant command would have operational control of the mission to counter such threats.
(5) A cost analysis of the various options described in paragraphs (1) and (3), including a breakdown of the cost of weapons systems considered under the various scenarios (including any costs to modify the systems), the cost benefits gained through economies of scale, and the cost of any military construction required.
(6) An analysis of the policy implications regarding deploying additional missile defense systems on Guam, and how such deployments could affect strategic stability, including likely responses from both rogue nations and near-peer competitors.
(c) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall carry out this section in consultation with each of the following:
(1) The Director of the Missile Defense Agency.
(2) The Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command.
(3) The Commander of the United States Northern Command.
(4) The Commander of the United States Strategic Command.
(5) The Director of the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Organization.
(6) Any other official whom the Secretary of Defense determines for purposes of this section has significant technical, policy, or military expertise.
(d) FORM.—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.
(e) BRIEFING.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide to such committees a briefing on the report.

SEC. 1651. REPORTS ON CRUISE MISSILE DEFENSE AND NORTH WARNING SYSTEM.
(a) REPORT ON CRUISE MISSILE DEFENSE AND STATUS OF NORTH WARNING SYSTEM.—
(1) REQUIREMENT.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the United States Northern Command, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, and the Director for Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment of the Joint Staff, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the on cruise missile defense of the United States.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) An identification of any vulnerability of the contiguous United States to known cruise missile threats.
(B) An assessment of the status of the North Warning System, including—
