134 STAT. 4756           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(1) acquire, by donation or purchase in behalf of the United States, the right to use and occupy sites for pierhead beacons; and

“(2) properly mark all pierheads belonging to the United States situated on the northern and northwestern lakes, whenever the Commandant is duly notified by the department charged with the construction or repair of pierheads that the construction or repair of any such pierheads has been completed.”.
(b) Subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the following:

“§ 548. Prohibition against officers and employees being interested in contracts for materials

“No officer, enlisted member, or civilian member of the Coast Guard in any manner connected with the construction, operation, or maintenance of lighthouses, shall be interested, either directly or indirectly, in any contract for labor, materials, or supplies for the construction, operation, or maintenance of lighthouses, or in any patent, plan, or mode of construction or illumination, or in any article of supply for the construction, operation, or maintenance of lighthouses.

“§ 549. Lighthouse and other sites; necessity and sufficiency of cession by State of jurisdiction

“(a) No lighthouse, beacon, public pier, or landmark, shall be built or erected on any site until cession of jurisdiction over the same has been made to the United States.
“(b) For the purposes of subsection (a), a cession by a State of jurisdiction over a place selected as the site of a lighthouse, or other structure or work referred to in subsection (a), shall be deemed sufficient if the cession contains a reservation that process issued under authority of such State may continue to be served within such place.
“(c) If no reservation of service described in subsection (b) is contained in a cession, all process may be served and executed within the place ceded, in the same manner as if no cession had been made.

“§ 550. Marking pierheads in certain lakes

“The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall properly mark
all pierheads belonging to the United States situated on the northern and northwestern lakes, whenever he is duly notified by the department charged with the construction or repair of pierheads that the construction or repair of any such pierhead has been completed.”.

(c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 547 the following:

“548. Prohibition against officers and employees being interested in contracts for materials.
“549. Lighthouse and other sites; necessity and sufficiency of cession by State of jurisdiction.
“550. Marking pierheads in certain lakes.”.