134 STAT. 3864                     PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

SEC. 1074. REPORTS ON THREATS TO UNITED STATES FORCES FROM 
              SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS WORLDWIDE.

  (a) STRATEGY TO COUNTER THREATS FROM SMALL UNMANNED 
        AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enact- 
        ment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army, as the Department 
        of Defense executive agent for the Department of Defense counter- 
        small unmanned aircraft systems program, shall develop and 
        submit to Congress a strategy to effectively counter threats from 
        small unmanned aircraft systems worldwide. The strategy shall 
        be submitted in classified form.

  (b) REPORT ON EXECUTIVE AGENT ACTIVITIES.—
        (1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than one year after the 
                date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army 
                shall submit to Congress a report on the counter-small 
                unmanned aircraft systems program.
        (2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall 
                include each of the following:
                (A) A description and assessment of the structure and 
                           activities of the Secretary of the Army as the executive 
                           agent for the counter-small unmanned aircraft systems 
                           program, including the following:
                           (i) Any obstacles hindering the effective discharge 
                                  of its functions and activities, including limitations 
                                  in authorities or policy.
                           (ii) The changes, if any, to airspace management, 
                                  rules of engagement, and other means that are 
                                  required in order to optimize the Department of 
                                  Defense’s counter-small unmanned aircraft systems. 
                           (B) An assessment of the implementation of the 
                                   strategy required by subsection (a), and a description of 
                                   any updates to the strategy that are required in light 
                                   of evolving threats to the Armed Forces from small 
                                   unmanned aircraft systems.

  (c) REPORT ON THREAT FROM SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
        TEMS.—
        (1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the 
                submittal of the strategy required by subsection (a), the Sec- 
                retary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees 
                of Congress a report that sets forth a direct comparison between 
                the threats United States forces in combat settings face from 
                small unmanned aircraft systems and the capabilities of the 
                United States to counter such threats. The report shall be 
                submitted in classified form.
        (2) COORDINATION.—The Secretary shall prepare the report 
                required by paragraph (1) in coordination with the Director 
                of the Defense Intelligence Agency and with such other appro- 
                priate officials of the intelligence community, and such other 
                officials in the United States Government, as the Secretary 
                considers appropriate.
        (3) ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall 
                include the following:
                (A) An evaluation and assessment of the current and 
                          evolving threat to United States forces from small 
                          unmanned aircraft systems.
                (B) A description of the counter-small unmanned air- 
                          craft systems acquired by the Department of Defense as 
                          of the date of the enactment of this Act, and an assessment