PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3593

program who participates in the pilot program under subsection (a)(2) financial assistance to defray, whether in whole or in part, the charges and fees imposed on the member for flight training.
(B) FLIGHT TRAINING.—Financial assistance may be used under subparagraph (A) for a course of flight training only if the course meets Federal Aviation Administration standards and is approved by the Federal Aviation Administration and the applicable State approving agency.
(C) USE.—Financial assistance received by a member under subparagraph (A) may be used only to defray the charges and fees imposed on the member as described in that subparagraph.
(D) CESSATION OF ELIGIBILITY.—Financial assistance may not be provided to a member under subparagraph (A) as follows:
(i) If the member ceases to meet the academic and other requirements established pursuant to paragraph (1).
(ii) If the member ceases to be a member of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps or the College Student Pre-Commissioning Initiative, as applicable.
(e) EVALUATION METRICS.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot programs under subsection (a).
(f) REPORTS.—
(1) INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after commencement of the pilot programs under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot programs. The report shall include the following:
(A) A description of each pilot program, including in the case of the pilot program under subsection (a)(2) the requirements established pursuant to subsection (d)(1).
(B) The evaluation metrics established under subsection (e).
(C) Such other matters relating to the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate.
(2) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year in which the Secretary carries out the pilot programs, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot programs during such fiscal year. Each report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by such report, the following:
(A) In the case of the pilot program required by subsection (a)(1), a description of the partnerships between satellite or extension Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps units and covered military installations under the pilot program.
(B) In the case of the pilot program required by subsection (a)(2), the following:
(i) The number of members of Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps units, and the number of members of Coast Guard College Student Pre-Commissioning Initiative programs, at covered institutions selected