134 STAT. 4684           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

        “(5) information on efforts to retain diverse cadets,
     including through professional development and professional
     advancement programs for staff and faculty; and
           “(6) a summary of reported allegations of discrimination
     on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, gender, or
     religion for the preceding 5 years.”.
Summary.
Time period.

     SEC. 8274. ASSESSMENT OF COAST GUARD ACADEMY ADMISSION PROC-
                                         ESSES.
Contracts.
Deadline.             (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the department in which
               the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an arrange-
               ment with the National Academy of Public Administration under
               which the National Academy of Public Administration shall, not
               later than 1 year after submitting an assessment under section
               8272(a), submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
               structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-
               merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment 
               of the Coast Guard Academy admissions process.
Study.
Audit.            (b) ASSESSMENT SCOPE.—The assessment required to be sought
                under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include—
                         (1) a study, or an audit if appropriate, of the process
                             the Coast Guard Academy uses to—
                              (A) identify candidates for recruitment;
                              (B) recruit applicants;
                              (C) assist applicants in the application process;
                              (D) evaluate applications; and
                              (E) make admissions decisions;
                         (2) discussion of the consideration during the admissions  
                              process of diversity, including—
                               (A) race;
                               (B) ethnicity;
                               (C) gender;
                               (D) religion;
                               (E) sexual orientation;
                               (F) socioeconomic background; and
                               (G) geographic origin;
Analysis.            (3) an overview of the admissions processes at other Federal
                            service academies, including—
                               (A) discussion of consideration of diversity, including
                                     any efforts to attract a diverse pool of applicants, in those
                                     processes; and
                               (B) an analysis of how the congressional nominations
                                     requirement in current law related to military service acad-
                                     emies and the Merchant Marine Academy impacts those
                                     processes and the overall demographics of the student
                                     bodies at those academies;
Determination.      (4) a determination regarding how a congressional nomina-
                            tions requirement for Coast Guard Academy admissions could
                            impact diversity among the student body and the ability of
                            the Coast Guard to carry out effectively the Service’s primary
                            duties described in section 102 of title 14, United States Code;
                            and
Recommendations. (5) recommendations for improving Coast Guard Academy
                            admissions processes, including whether a congressional
                             nominations process should be integrated into such processes.