PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3393

TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY

Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy

Sec. 501. Authorized strengths of general and flag officers on active duty.
Sec. 502. Temporary expansion of availability of enhanced constructive service credit in a particular career field upon original appointment as a commissioned officer.
Sec. 503. Diversity in selection boards.
Sec. 504. Requirement for promotion selection board recommendation of higher placement on promotion list of officers of particular merit.
Sec. 505. Special selection review boards for review of promotion of officers subject to adverse information identified after recommendation for promotion and related matters.
Sec. 506. Number of opportunities for consideration for promotion under alternative promotion authority.
Sec. 507. Mandatory retirement for age.
Sec. 508. Clarifying and improving restatement of rules on the retired grade of commissioned officers.
Sec. 509. Repeal of authority for original appointment of regular Navy officers designated for engineering duty, aeronautical engineering duty, and special duty.
Sec. 509A. Permanent programs on direct commissions to cyber positions.
Sec. 509B. Review of Seaman to Admiral–21 program.

Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management

Sec. 511. Temporary authority to order retired members to active duty in high-demand, low-density assignments during war or national emergency.
Sec. 512. Expansion of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program.
Sec. 513. Grants to support STEM education in the Junior Reserve Officers’ Train- ing Corps.
Sec. 514. Permanent suicide prevention and resilience program for the reserve components.
Sec. 515. Impact of education loan repayments on retention of reserve component enlisted Reservists.
Sec. 516. Inclusion of drill or training foregone due to emergency travel or duty restrictions in computations of entitlement to and amounts of retired pay for non-regular service.
Sec. 517. Quarantine lodging for members of the reserve components who perform certain service in response to the COVID–19 emergency.
Sec. 518. Direct employment pilot program for certain members of the reserve com-ponents.
Sec. 519. Pilot programs authorized in connection with SROTC units and CSPI pro- grams at Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minority institutions.
Sec. 519A. Report regarding full-time National Guard duty in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Sec. 519B. Study and report on National Guard support to States responding to major disasters.
Sec. 519C. Report on guidance for use of unmanned aircraft systems by the National Guard.
Sec. 519D. Study and report on ROTC recruitment.

Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records

Sec. 521. Increased access to potential recruits.
Sec. 522. Sunset and transfer of functions of the Physical Disability Board of Re- view.
Sec. 523. Honorary promotion matters.
Sec. 524. Exclusion of official photographs of members from records furnished to promotion selection boards.
Sec. 525. Report regarding reviews of discharges and dismissals based on sexual orientation.

Subtitle D—Prevention and Response To Sexual Assault, Harassment, and Related Misconduct

Sec. 531. Modification of time required for expedited decisions in connection with applications for change of station or unit transfer of members who are victims of sexual assault or related offenses.
Sec. 532. Confidential reporting of sexual harassment.
Sec. 533. Additional bases for provision of advice by the Defense Advisory Committee for the Prevention of Sexual Misconduct.