PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3645

(B) As part of Ready, Relevant Learning initiative training.

(C) To train students on legacy, obsolete, one of a kind, or unique systems that are still widely used by the Navy.

(D) To train students on military-specific systems that are not found in the commercial maritime world.

(2) A description and assessment of potential benefits, and anticipated timelines and costs, in expanding Engineering Readiness Assessment Team and Combat Systems Readiness Assessment Team training in the capacities specified in paragraph (1).

(3) Such other matters in connection with the use of readiness assessment teams in connection with the Ready, Relevant Learning initiative as the Secretary considers appropriate.

(d) LIFE CYCLE SUSTAINMENT PLAN WITH 2022 CERTIFICATIONS.—In submitting to Congress in 2022 the certifications required by section 545 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Secretary shall also submit the approved life cycle sustainment plan for the Ready, Relevant Learning initiative of the Navy, based on the framework for the plan developed for purposes of subsection (a)(1).

SEC. 575. INFORMATION ON NOMINATIONS AND APPLICATIONS FOR MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES.

(a) NOMINATIONS PORTAL.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Superintendents of the military service academies, shall ensure that there is a uniform online portal for all military service academies that enables Members of Congress and other nominating sources to nominate individuals for appointment to each academy through a secure website.

(2) INFORMATION COLLECTION AND REPORTING.—The online portal established under paragraph (1) shall have the ability to—

(A) collect, from each nominating source, the demographic information described in subsection (b) for each individual nominated to attend a military service academy; and

(B) collect the information required to be included in each annual report of the Secretary under subsection (c) in a manner that enables the Secretary to automatically compile such information when preparing the report.

(3) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION.—The portal shall allow Members of Congress, other nominating sources, and their designees to view their past nomination records for all application cycles.

(b) STANDARD CLASSIFICATIONS FOR COLLECTION OF DEMOGRAPHIC DATA.—

(1) STANDARDS REQUIRED.—The Secretary, in consultation with the Superintendents of the military service academies, shall establish standard classifications that cadets, midshipmen, and applicants to the academies may use to report gender, race, and ethnicity and to provide other demographic information in connection with admission to or enrollment in an academy.
    
10 USC 7442 note.

Deadline. Consultation.

Consultation.