134 STAT. 3974           PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

SEC. 1270. COORDINATED SUPPORT TO RECOVER ASSETS STOLEN 
                  FROM THE SUDANESE PEOPLE.

The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of 
the Treasury and the Attorney General, shall seek to advance 
the efforts of the Government of Sudan to recover assets stolen 
from the Sudanese people, including with regard to international 
efforts—
        
   (1) to identify and track assets taken from the people 
          and institutions of Sudan through theft, corruption, money 
          laundering, or other illicit means; and
   (2) with respect to assets identified pursuant to paragraph 
          (1), to work with foreign governments and international 
          organizations—
      (A) to share financial investigations intelligence, as 
              appropriate;
      (B) to oversee and manage the assets identified pursu-
              ant to paragraph (1);
      (C) to advance civil forfeiture litigation, as appropriate, 
              including providing technical assistance to help govern-
              ments establish the necessary legal framework to carry 
              out asset forfeitures; and
      (D) to work with the Government of Sudan to ensure 
              that a credible mechanism is established to ensure that 
              any recovered assets are managed in a transparent and 
              accountable fashion and ultimately used for the benefit 
              of the Sudanese people, provided that—
         (i) returned assets are not used for partisan polit-
              ical purposes; and
         (ii) there are robust financial management and 
              oversight measures to safeguard repatriated assets.
              
SEC. 1270A. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE SUDANESE SECURITY 
                           AND INTELLIGENCE SERVICES.

  (a) IN GENERAL.—The President may not provide assistance 
(other than assistance authorized under section 1266) to the Suda-
nese security and intelligence services until the President submits 
to Congress a certification that the Government of Sudan has 
met the conditions described in subsection (c).
  (b) EXCEPTION; WAIVER.—
      (1) EXCEPTION.—The Secretary of State may, as appropriate 
           and notwithstanding any other provision of law, provide assist-
           ance for the purpose of professionalizing the Sudanese security 
           and intelligence services, through institutions such as the Africa 
           Center for Strategic Studies and the United States Institute 
           of Peace.
      (2) WAIVER.—The President may waive the limitation on 
           the provision of assistance under subsection (a) if, not later 
           than 30 days before the assistance is to be provided, the Presi-
           dent submits to the appropriate congressional committees—
           (A) a list of the activities and participants to which 
                such waiver would apply;
           (B) a justification that the waiver is in the national 
                security interest of the United States; and 
           (C) a certification that the participants have met the 
                requirements of either section 620M of the Foreign Assist-
                ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2378d) for programs funded 
                through Department of State appropriations or section 362