PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3467

(iii) and the ability of such advances and innova-
tions to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of
the Department; and
(4) develop memoranda of agreement, joint funding agree-
ments, and such other cooperative arrangements as the Under
Secretary determines necessary—
(A) to carry out the program under subsection (a);
and
(B) to transition appropriate products, services,
innovations relating social science, management science,
and information science into use within the Department.
(e) GUIDANCE REQUIRED.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date
of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense
for Research and Engineering shall develop and issue guidance
for defense-related social science, management science, and
information science activities, including—
(A) classification and data management plans for such
activities;
(B) policies for control of personnel participating in
such activities to protect national security interests; and
(C) ensuring that research findings and innovations
in the fields of social science, management science, and
information science are incorporated into the activities and
strategic documents of the Department.
(2) UPDATES.—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research
and Engineering shall regularly update the guidance issued
under paragraph (1).
(f) DESIGNATION OF ENTITY.—The Secretary of each military
department may establish or designate an entity or activity under
the jurisdiction of such Secretary, which may include a Department
of Defense Laboratory, an academic institution, or another appro-
priate organization, to support interdisciplinary research and
development activities in the fields of social science, management
science, and information science, and engage with appropriate
public and private sector organizations, including academic institu-
tions, to enhance and accelerate the research, development, and
deployment of social science, management science, and information
science within the Department.
(g) USE OF OTHER AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of Defense shall
use the authority provided under section 217 of the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–
91; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) to enhance the ability of the Department
of Defense to access technical talent and expertise at academic
institutions in support of the purposes of this section.
(h) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than December 31, 2022, the
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense
committees a report on the program under subsection (a).
(2) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required under paragraph
(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include
a classified annex.

SEC. 221. ACCOUNTABILITY MEASURES RELATING TO THE ADVANCED
BATTLE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.
(a) COST ASSESSMENTS.—