PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 4673

(3) changes in the use of navigable waterways.
(e) FORM.—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall 
be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified 
annex.
SEC. 8250. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE ON COAST 
GUARD.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Com­ 
mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep­ 
resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate a report on vulnerabilities of Coast 
Guard installations and requirements resulting from climate change 
over the next 20 years.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report under subsection (a) shall include 
the following: 
(1) A list of the 10 most vulnerable Coast Guard installa­ 
tions based on the effects of climate change, including rising 
sea tides, increased flooding, drought, desertification, wildfires, 
thawing permafrost, or any other categories the Commandant 
determines necessary. 
(2) An overview of—
(A) mitigations that may be necessary to ensure the 
continued operational viability and to increase the resil­ 
iency of the identified vulnerable installations; and 
(B) the cost of such mitigations.
(3) A discussion of the climate change-related effects on 
the Coast Guard, including—
(A) the increase in the frequency of humanitarian 
assistance and disaster relief missions; and 
(B) campaign plans, contingency plans, and operational 
posture of the Coast Guard.
(4) An overview of mitigations that may be necessary to 
ensure mission resiliency and the cost of such mitigations.
(c) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) shall be 
submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.
SEC. 8251. SHORE INFRASTRUCTURE.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall—
(1) develop a plan to standardize Coast Guard facility condi­ 
tion assessments;
(2) establish shore infrastructure performance goals, meas­ 
ures, and baselines to track the effectiveness of maintenance 
and repair investments and provide feedback on progress made; 
(3) develop a process to routinely align the Coast Guard 
shore infrastructure portfolio with mission needs, including 
disposing of unneeded assets;
(4) establish guidance for planning boards to document 
inputs, deliberations, and project prioritization decisions for 
infrastructure maintenance projects;
(5) employ models for Coast Guard infrastructure asset 
lines for—
(A) predicting the outcome of investments in shore 
infrastructure;
(B) analyzing tradeoffs; and 
(C) optimizing decisions among competing investments;