134 STAT. 3754                   PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                               title 41, united States Code, a list of the consortia used by the  
                               Secretary to announce or otherwise make available opportunities  
                               to enter into a transaction under the authority of section 2371  
                               of title 10, United States Code, or a transaction for a prototype 
                               project under section 2371b of such title.
10 USO 4571                   note.          SEC. 834. PILOT PROGRAM ON THE USE OF CONSUMPTION-BASED  
                                                   SOLUTIONS TO ADDRESS SOFTWARE-INTENSIVE  
                                                   WARFIGHTING CAPABILITY
                                                  (a) IN GENERAL, —Subject to the availability of appropriations, 
                                                           the Secretary of Defense is authorized to establish a pilot program 
                                                           to explore the use of consumption-based solutions to address soft
                                                           ware-intensive warfighting capability, 
Proposal.                                   (b) SELECTION OF INITIATIVEs, --Each Secretary of a military 
                                                            department and each commander of a combatant command with  
                                                            acquisition authority shall propose for selection by the Secretary 
                                                           of Defense for the pilot program at least one and not more than 
                                                           three initiatives that are well-suited to explore consumption-based  
                                                           solutions, to include addressing software-intensive warfighting 
                                                           capability, The initiatives may be new or existing programs of  
                                                           record, and may include applications that--
                                                                 (1) rapidly analyze sensor data;
                                                                 (2) secure warfight networks, including multilevel secu-
                                                                         rity;
                                                                  (3) swiftly transport information across various networks 
                                                                         and network modalities;
                                                                  (4) enable joint all-domain operational concepts, including 
                                                                         in a contested environment; or
                                                                  (5) advance military capabilities and effectiveness.
                                                   (c) REQUIREMENTS, --A contract or other agreement for  
                                                                  consumption-based solutions entered into under the pilot program 
                                                                  shall require—
                                                                   (1) the effectiveness of the solution to be measurable at 
                                                                            regular intervals customary for the type of solution provided 
                                                                            under contract or other agreement; and
                                                                    (2) that the awardee notify the Secretary of Defense when 
                                                                            consumption under the contract or other agreement reaches 
                                                                            75 percent and 90 percent of the funded amount, respectively,  
                                                                            of the contract or other agreement 
Notification.               (d) EXEMPTION—A modification to a contract or other agree-  
                                                                      ment entered into under this section to add new features or capabilities 
                                                                      in an amount less than or equal to 25 percent of the total 
                                                                      value of such contract or other agreement shall be exempt from 
                                                                      the requirements of full and open competition (as defined in section 
                                                                      2302 of title 10, United States Code).
                                                (e) DURATION, —The duration of a contract or other agreement 
                                                            entered into under this section may not exceed three years.
Data.                                    (f)  MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF PILOT PROGRAM,—The 
Costs                                         Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall contin-
                                                            uously monitor and evaluate the pilot program, including by col-
                                                            lecting data on cost, schedule, and performance from the program 
                                                            office, the user community, and the awardees involved in the pro-
                                                            gram, 
                             (g) REPORTS , —
                                                (1) INITIAL REPORT, —Not later than May 15, 2021, the 
                                                         Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense 
                                                         committees a report on initiatives selected for the pilot program,