PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3699

(3) TERMS.—Each member shall be appointed for the life of the panel.
(c) DUTIES.—
   (1) IN GENERAL.—The panel shall—
      (A) review the response of the military health system to the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID–19) and the effects of COVID–19 on such system, including by analyzing any strengths or weaknesses of such system identified as a result COVID–19; and
      (B) using information from the review, make such recommendations as the panel considers appropriate with respect to any policy, practice, organization, manning level, funding level, or legislative authority relating to the military health system.
   (2) ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—In conducting the review under paragraph (1), each member of the panel shall lead a review of at least one of the following elements, with respect to the military health system:
      (A) Policy, including any policy relating to force health protection or medical standards for the appointment, enlistment, or induction of individuals into the Armed Forces.
      (B) Public health activities, including any activity relating to risk communication, surveillance, or contact tracing.
      (C) Research, diagnostics, and therapeutics.
      (D) Logistics and technology.
      (E) Force structure and manning.
      (F) Governance and organization.
      (G) Operational capabilities and operational support.
      (H) Education and training.
      (I) Health benefits under the TRICARE program.
      (J) Engagement and security activities relating to global health.
      (K) The financial impact of COVID–19 on the military health system.
(d) REPORT.—Not later than June 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the findings of the panel as a result of the review under subsection (c)(1)(A) and such recommendations as the panel considers appropriate under subsection (c)(1)(B).
(e) TERMINATION.—The panel shall terminate on June 1, 2021.

SEC. 732. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PANDEMIC PREPAREDNESS.

(a) STRATEGY.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a strategy for pandemic preparedness and response that includes the following:
   (1) Identification of activities necessary to be carried out prior to a pandemic to ensure preparedness and effective communication of roles and responsibilities within the Department of Defense, including—
      (A) reviewing the frequency of each exercise conducted by the Department, a military department, or Defense Agency that relates to a pandemic or severe influenza season or related force health protection scenario;
      (B) ensuring such exercises are appropriately planned, resourced, and practiced;
Reviews.