134 STAT. 4770       PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

List.
       (i) revisions to the current list of designated critical infrastructure sectors or subsectors of such sectors; and
       (ii) revisions to the designation of any Federal department or agency designated as the Sector Risk Management Agency for a sector or subsector of such sector.
Deadline. (3) REVIEW AND REVISION BY THE PRESIDENT.—Not later than 180 days after the Secretary submits a recommendation pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2), the President shall—
      (A) review the recommendation and revise, as appropriate, the designation of a critical infrastructure sector or subsector or the designation of a Sector Risk Management Agency; and
      (B) submit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, and the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, a report that includes—
            (i) an explanation with respect to the basis for accepting or rejecting the recommendations of the Secretary; and
            (ii) information relating to the analysis framework, methodology, metrics, and data used to—
                     (I) evaluate the current framework for securing critical infrastructure referred to in paragraph (1)(A); and
                     (II) develop—
                                      (aa) recommendations to revise—
                                       (AA) the list of critical infrastructure sectors designated pursuant to Presidential Policy Directive 21, any successor or related document, or policy; or
                                       (BB) the designation of any subsectors of such sectors; and
                                      (bb) the recommendations of the Secretary.
Federal Register, publication.
           (4) PUBLICATION.—Any designation of critical infrastructure sectors shall be published in the Federal Register.
(c) SECTOR RISK MANAGEMENT AGENCIES.—
            (1) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XXII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
Coordination. 6 USC 665d.                                   “SEC. 2215. SECTOR RISK MANAGEMENT AGENCIES.
                     “(a) IN GENERAL.—Consistent with applicable law, Presidential directives, Federal regulations, and strategic guidance from the Secretary, each Sector Risk Management Agency, in coordination with the Director, shall—
                       “(1) provide specialized sector-specific expertise to critical infrastructure owners and operators within its designated critical infrastructure sector or subsector of such sector; and
                      “(2) support programs and associated activities of such sector or subsector of such sector.
                     “(b) IMPLEMENTATION.— In carrying out this section, Sector Risk Management Agencies shall—
                       “(1) coordinate with the Department and, as appropriate, other relevant Federal departments and agencies;