PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                  134 STAT. 4101

the regions of the stakeholder services delivered and the critical infrastructure sectors (as such term is defined in section 2001(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601(3)) involved.
    (B) An assessment of the capacity of programs of the
    Agency to deploy personnel, including the adequacy of such
    personnel to meet service requests and the ability of such
    personnel to engage with and deliver services to stake­
    holders in urban, suburban, and rural areas.
    (C) Long­term objectives of such personnel, including
    training of the workforce to optimize the capabilities of
    such programs and capacity goals.
    (D) A description of programs, policies, and activities
    used to carry out such stakeholder engagement services
    under subparagraph (A).
    (E) Resources and personnel necessary to effectively
    support critical infrastructure owners and operators and,
    as appropriate, other entities, including non­profit
    organizations, based on current and projected demand for
    Agency services.
    (F) Guidance on how outreach to critical infrastructure
    owners and operators in a region should be prioritized.
    (G) Plans to ensure that stakeholder engagement per­
    sonnel of the Agency have a clear understanding of expecta­
    tions for engagement within each critical infrastructure
    sector and subsector, whether during steady state or surge
    capacity.
    (H) Metrics for measuring how effective stakeholder
    engagement services under subparagraph (A) are at fur­
    thering the Agency’s strategic and operational goals and
    priorities.
    (I) Mechanisms to track regional engagement by per­
    sonnel of the Agency with critical infrastructure owners
    and operators, and how frequently such engagement takes
    place.
    (J) Plans for awareness campaigns to familiarize crit­
    ical infrastructure owners and operators with security
    resources and support offered by the Cybersecurity and
    Infrastructure Security Agency.
    (K) A description of how to prioritize engagement with
    critical infrastructure sectors based on threat information
    and the capacity of such sectors to mitigate such threats
    and vulnerabilities.
    (L) Projected timelines, benchmarks, and resource
    requirements to implement the Agency’s strategic goals
    and priorities.

(3) STAKEHOLDER INPUT.—In issuing the stakeholder out­
reach and operational engagement strategy required under
paragraph (1), the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra­
structure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Secu­
rity shall, to the extent practicable, solicit input from stakeholders
representing the following:
    (A) Each of the critical infrastructure sectors.
    (B) Critical infrastructure owners and operators located
    in each region in which the Agency maintains a field office.
(4) OVERSIGHT.—Upon issuance of the stakeholder outreach
and operational engagement strategy and implementation plan
required under paragraph (1), the Director of the Cybersecurity