PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3925

(ii) Whether the United States intelligence community has collected intelligence indicating the Taliban does not intend to uphold its commitments.
(iii) The current relationship between the Taliban and al-Qaeda, including an assessment of the relationship between the Haqqani Network and al-Qaeda.
(iv) The relationship between the Taliban and any other terrorist group that is assessed to threaten the security of the United States or its allies, including any change in conduct since February 29, 2020.
(v) The status of intra-Afghan discussions, including, in the event an intra-Afghan governing agreement is achieved, an assessment of the sustainability of such agreement.
(vi) The status of human rights, including the rights of women, minorities, and youth.
(vii) The access of women, minorities, and youth to education, justice, and economic opportunities in Afghanistan.
(viii) The status of the rule of law and governance structures at the central, provincial, and district levels of government.
(ix) The media and the press and civil society's operating space in Afghanistan.
(x) Illicit narcotics production in Afghanistan, its linkages to terrorism, corruption, and instability, and policies to counter illicit narcotics flows.
(xi) Any efforts by Iran, China, Russia, or any other external actor to affect the February 29 Agreement.
(xii) The efforts of the Government of Afghanistan to fulfill the commitments under the Joint Declaration between the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and the United States of America for Bringing Peace to Afghanistan, issued on February 29, 2020.
Assessment.
(xiii) The progress made by the Afghanistan Ministry of Interior and the Office of the Attorney General to address gross violations of human rights by civilian security forces, the Taliban, and nongovernment armed groups, including—
(I) an analysis of resources provided by the Government of Afghanistan for such efforts; and
(II) a summary of assistance provided by the United States Government to support such efforts.
(B) The number of Taliban and Afghan prisoners and any plans for the release of such prisoners from either side.
(C) A detailed overview of Afghan national-level efforts to promote transitional justice, including forensic efforts and documentation of war crimes, mass killings, or crimes against humanity, redress to victims, and reconciliation activities.
(D) A detailed overview of United States support for Government of Afghanistan and civil society efforts to promote peace and justice at the local level and the manner in which such efforts inform government-level policies and negotiations.
