PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021  134 STAT. 3579

the retirement of the officer in such conditional grade and ending on the effective date of the change of the officer’s retired grade. For an officer whose retired grade is determined pursuant to subsection (c), the effective date of the change of the officer’s retired grade for purposes of this subparagraph shall be the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives the certification required by subsection (c) in connection with the retired grade of the officer.

‘‘(C) RECOUPMENT OF OVERAGE DURING PERIOD OF CONDITIONAL RETIREMENT GRADE.—If the recalculation of the retired pay of an officer results in a decrease in retired pay, there shall be recouped from the officer the amount by which the amount of retired pay paid the officer for retirement in the officer’s conditional grade exceeded such decreased retired pay during the period beginning on the date of the retirement of the officer in such conditional grade and ending on the effective date of the change of the officer’s retired grade.

‘‘(f) FINALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETERMINATIONS.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except for a conditional determination authorized by subsection (d), a determination of the retired grade of an officer pursuant to this section is administratively final on the day the officer is retired, and may not be reopened, except as provided in paragraph (2).
‘‘(2) REOPENING.—A final determination of the retired grade of an officer may be reopened as follows:
‘‘(A) If the retirement or retired grade of the officer was procured by fraud.
‘‘(B) If substantial evidence comes to light after the retirement that could have led to determination of a different retired grade under this section if known by competent authority at the time of retirement.
‘‘(C) If a mistake of law or calculation was made in the determination of the retired grade.
‘‘(D) If the applicable Secretary determines, pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, that good cause exists to reopen the determination of retired grade.
‘‘(3) APPLICABLE SECRETARY.—For purposes of this subsection, the applicable Secretary for purposes of a determination or action specified in this subsection is—
‘‘(A) the Secretary of the military department concerned, in the case of an officer retired in a grade at or below the grade of major general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, rear admiral in the Navy, or the equivalent grade in the Space Force; or
‘‘(B) the Secretary of Defense, in the case of an officer retired in a grade of lieutenant general or general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, vice admiral or admiral in the Navy, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force.
‘‘(4) NOTICE AND LIMITATION.—If a final determination of the retired grade of an officer is reopened in accordance with paragraph (2), the applicable Secretary—
‘‘(A) shall notify the officer of the reopening; and