134 STAT. 4646                   PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

for each month of the period of the inactivation of the member from active duty under the program.
     “(d) CONDITIONS OF RELEASE.—The Commandant shall prescribe regulations specifying the guidelines regarding the conditions of release that must be considered and addressed in the agreement required by subsection (c). At a minimum, the Commandant shall prescribe the procedures and standards to be used to instruct a member on the obligations to be assumed by the member under paragraph (2) of such subsection while the member is released from active duty.
     “(e) ORDER TO ACTIVE DUTY.—Under regulations prescribed by the Commandant, a member of the Coast Guard participating in a program under this section may, in the discretion of the Commandant, be required to terminate participation in the program and be ordered to active duty.
     “(f) PAY AND ALLOWANCES.—
          “(1) BASIC PAY.—During each month of participation in a program under this section, a member who participates in the program shall be paid basic pay in an amount equal to two-thirtieths of the amount of monthly basic pay to which the member would otherwise be entitled under section 204 of title 37 as a member of the uniformed services on active duty in the grade and years of service of the member when the member commences participation in the program.
          “(2) SPECIAL OR INCENTIVE PAY OR BONUS.—
               “(A) PROHIBITION.—A member who participates in such a program shall not, while participating in the program, be paid any special or incentive pay or bonus to which the member is otherwise entitled under an agreement under chapter 5 of title 37 that is in force when the member commences participation in the program.
               “(B) NOT TREATED AS FAILURE TO PERFORM SERVICES.—The inactivation from active duty of a member participating in a program shall not be treated as a failure of the member to perform any period of service required of the member in connection with an agreement for a special or incentive pay or bonus under chapter 5 of title 37 that is in force when the member commences participation in the program.
          “(3) RETURN TO ACTIVE DUTY.—
               “(A) SPECIAL OR INCENTIVE PAY OR BONUS.—Subject to subparagraph (B), upon the return of a member to active duty after completion by the member of participation in a program—
                    “(i) any agreement entered into by the member under chapter 5 of title 37 for the payment of a special or incentive pay or bonus that was in force when the member commenced participation in the program shall be revived, with the term of such agreement after revival being the period of such agreement remaining to run when the member commenced participation in the program; and
                    “(ii) any special or incentive pay or bonus shall be payable to the member in accordance with the terms of the agreement concerned for the term specified in clause (i).
               “(B) LIMITATION.—