PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                  134 STAT. 3519

“(5) The term ‘installation’ has the meaning given the
   term ‘military installation’ in section 2801(c)(4) of this title.”.
   (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin-
   ning of subchapter I of chapter 173 of such title is amended by
   inserting after the item relating to section 2919 the following new
   item:
“2920. Energy resilience and energy security measures on military installations.”.

SEC. 317. MODIFICATION TO AVAILABILITY OF ENERGY COST SAVINGS
                          FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.

Section 2912(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended
by inserting “and, in the case of operational energy, from both
training and operational missions,” after “under section 2913 of
this title,”.

SEC. 318. INCREASED TRANSPARENCY THROUGH REPORTING ON 
USAGE AND SPILLS OF AQUEOUS FILM-FORMING FOAM AT
                                 MILITARY INSTALLATIONS.

   (a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 160 of title 10, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the following new section:

“§ 2712. Reporting on usage and spills of aqueous film-
                   forming foam

   “(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 48 hours after the Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Environment receives notice
of the usage or spill of aqueous film forming foam, either as con-
centrate or mixed foam, at any military installation, the Deputy
Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the House of Representatives notice of
a usage or spill of greater than 10 gallons of concentrate, or greater
than 300 gallons of mixed foam. Each such notice shall include
each of the following information:
        “(1) The name of the installation where the usage or spill 
        occurred.
        “(2) The date on which the usage or spill occurred.
        “(3) The amount, type, and specified concentration of
      aqueous film-forming foam that was used or spilled.
        “(4) The cause of the usage or spill. 
        “(5) A summary narrative of the usage or spill. Summary.
  “(b) ACTION PLAN.—Not later than 60 days after submitting
notice of a usage or spill under subsection (a), the Deputy Assistant
Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of
the Senate and the House of Representatives an action plan for
addressing such usage or spill. The action plan shall include the
following:
       “(1) A description of what actions have been taken to arrest
       and clean up a spill.
       “(2) A description of any coordination with relevant local
       and State environmental protection agencies.”. 
 (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin-
ning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following
new item:
“2712. Reporting on usage and spills of aqueous film-forming foam.”.