PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 3721 

to such rates in the civilian population, as reported by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
(F) An assessment of any effects of implicit or explicit bias in prenatal and postpartum mental health care under the TRICARE program, or evidence of racial or socioeconomic barriers to such care.
(G) The extent to which treatment for mental health issues specified under subparagraph (A)(i) is available and accessible to members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty and the spouses of such members.
(H) The barriers that prevent members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty, and the spouses of such members, from seeking or obtaining care for such mental health issues.
(I) The ways in which the Department of Defense is addressing barriers identified under subparagraph (H).

(b) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a), including—
(1) recommendations for actions to be taken by the Secretary of Defense to improve prenatal and postpartum mental health among members of the Armed Forces and dependents of such members; and Recommendations.
(2) such other recommendations as the Comptroller General determines appropriate.

(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the terms ‘‘dependent’’ and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code.

SEC. 755. REPORT ON LAPSES IN TRICARE COVERAGE FOR MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE COMPONENTS.
(a) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military department, in consultation with the Director of the Defense Health Agency, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing an analysis of each of the following with respect to the military department of the Secretary:
(1) Any lapses in coverage under the TRICARE program for a member of a reserve component that occurred during the eight-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act and were caused by a change in the duty status of such member, including an identification of the total number of such lapses.
(2) The factors contributing to any such lapses, including—
(A) technological factors, including factors relating to outdated systems;
(B) human errors in processing changes in duty status;
(C) shortages in the level of administrative staffing of the reserve component; and
(D) integration of systems of the reserve component with Integrated Pay and Personnel Systems. Consultation.
Analyses.
(3) How factors contributing to any such lapses were identified under paragraph (2) and whether actions have been taken to address the factors.