134 STAT. 4414            PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

        ‘‘(3) if chapter 563 of this title is applicable to the vessel 
    after registration, then the vessel is available to be requi-
    sitioned by the Secretary pursuant to chapter 563 of this title.’’.
Contracts.             ‘‘§ 53405. Obligations and rights under operating agreements
46 USC 53405.
Requirements.             ‘‘(a) OPERATION OF VESSEL.—An operating agreement under 
this chapter shall require that, during the period the vessel covered 
by the agreement is operating under the agreement the vessel 
shall—
                        ‘‘(1) be operated in the United States foreign commerce, 
                    mixed United States foreign commerce and domestic trade 
                    allowed under a registry endorsement issued under section 
                    12111 of this title, in foreign-to-foreign commerce, or under 
                    a charter to the United States;
                        ‘‘(2) not be operated in the coastwise trade except as 
                    described in paragraph (1); and
                        ‘‘(3) be documented under chapter 121 of this title.
    Requirements.          ‘‘(b) ANNUAL PAYMENTS BY THE SECRETARY.—
                        ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—An operating agreement under this 
                    chapter shall require, subject to the availability of appropria-
                    tions, that the Secretary make a payment to the program 
                    participant in accordance with section 53406.
                        ‘‘(2) OPERATING AGREEMENT IS AN OBLIGATION OF THE 
                    UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.—An operating agreement under 
                    this chapter constitutes a contractual obligation of the United 
                    States Government to pay the amounts provided for in the 
                    agreement to the extent of actual appropriations.
                        ‘‘(c) DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENT.—Each vessel covered by 
                    the operating agreement, including an agreement entered under 
                    section 53404(c)(2), shall remain documented under chapter 121 
                    of this title until the date the operating agreement would terminate 
                    according to its terms.
                        ‘‘(d) NATIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS.—
    Determination.           ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—A program participant with respect to 
                   an operating agreement, including an agreement terminated 
                   under section 53404(c)(2), shall continue to be bound by the 
                   provisions of section 53407 until the date the operating agree-
                   ment would terminate according to its terms.
                        ‘‘(2) EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AGREEMENT.—All terms 
                   and conditions of an Emergency Preparedness Agreement 
                   entered into under section 53407 shall remain in effect until 
                   the date the operating agreement would terminate according 
                   to its terms, except that the terms of such Emergency Prepared-
                   ness Agreement may be modified by the mutual consent of 
                   the program participant, the Secretary of Transportation, and 
                   the Secretary of Defense.
                        ‘‘(e) TRANSFER OF OPERATING AGREEMENTS.—A program partici-
                   pant may transfer an operating agreement (including all rights 
                   and obligations under the agreement) to any person that is eligible 
                   to enter into that operating agreement under this chapter, if the 
                   Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Defense determine 
                   that the transfer is in the best interests of the United States.
    Coordination.           ‘‘(f) REPLACEMENT OF VESSELS COVERED BY AGREEMENTS.—
                   A program participant may replace the vessel with another vessel 
                   that is eligible to be included in the Fleet under section 53402(b), 
                   if the Secretary of Transportation, in coordination with the Sec-
                   retary of Defense, approves the replacement of the vessel. No court