PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021					134 STAT. 3689

intellectual or physical disabilities, based on input from payers, administrators, individuals receiving care from such caregivers, and advocates;
(B) a comparison of the provision of respite and related care under the Extended Care Health Option program under section 1079(d) of title 10, United States Code, and similar care provided under programs specified in paragraph (1), to identify best practices from such program and, if necessary, make recommendations for improvement; and
(C) an analysis of the reasons eligible dependents do not qualify for State programs under which caregiving is available, such as home- and community-based services provided under State Medicaid plans as specified in paragraph (1), with respect to the State in which the eligible dependent is located.
(3) ELIGIBLE DEPENDENT DEFINED.—In this subsection, ‘‘eligible dependent’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1079(d) of title 10, United States Code.
SEC. 705. SALE OF HEARING AIDS FOR DEPENDENTS OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS.
Section 1077(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘In addition’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) In addition’’; and
(2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(2) For purposes of selling hearing aids at cost to the reserve under paragraph (1), a dependent of a member of the reserve components who is enrolled in the TRICARE program under section 1076d of this title shall be deemed to be a dependent eligible for care under this section.’’.
SEC. 706. PILOT PROGRAM ON RECEIPT OF NON-GENERIC PRESCRIPTION MAINTENANCE MEDICATIONS UNDER TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM.
(a) PILOT PROGRAM.—
(1) AUTHORITY.—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program under which eligible covered beneficiaries may elect to receive non-generic prescription maintenance medications selected by the Secretary under subsection (c) through military medical treatment facility pharmacies, retail pharmacies, or the national mail-order pharmacy program, notwithstanding section 1074g(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code.
(2) REQUIREMENT.—The Secretary may carry out the pilot program under paragraph (1) only if the Secretary determines that the total costs to the Department of Defense for eligible covered beneficiaries to receive non-generic prescription maintenance medications under the pilot program will not exceed the total costs to the Department for such beneficiaries to receive such medications under the national mail-order pharmacy program pursuant to section 1074g(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. In making such determination, the Secretary shall consider all manufacturer discounts, refunds and rebates, pharmacy transaction fees, and all other costs.
(b) DURATION.—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall carry out the pilot