134 STAT. 4820             PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

supply chain database within the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to—

    (1) understand the manufacturing capabilities of United States manufacturers; and
    (2) minimize disruptions to the supply chain, which may include defense supplies, food, and medical devices, including personal protective equipment.

(b) CONSIDERATIONS.—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall consider the following:
    
    (1) Whether a national supply chain database may enable the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the small and medium manufacturers of the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program to—
        
        (A) understand the available domestic manufacturing capabilities; and
        (B) meet the needs for urgent products in the event of a supply chain disruption.
    
    (2) How information from State-level databases maintained within the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program would be incorporated into the national supply chain database.

    (3) The relationship, if any, between a national supply chain database within the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program and supply chain efforts conducted by other agencies in the Federal Government and non-Federal entities.

    (4) Whether the National Institute of Standards and Technology could use existing technologies and solutions to establish a national supply chain database.

    (5) How a national supply chain database could be regularly maintained and updated to ensure effectiveness.

    (6) The nature of the information that could be voluntarily collected from manufacturers for a national supply chain database.

    (7) What mechanisms should be in place to ensure that the information under paragraph (6) is verified.

    (8) What security measures may be necessary to protect information, including protocols to ensure that information in the national supply chain database is accessed according to the nature of the information in such database with individuals with the appropriate level of authorization.

    (9) Whether there should be restrictions to protect proprietary business and personal information under paragraph (6).

    (10) The cost of developing and maintaining such a database, including staffing.

(c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall submit to Congress a report that includes the findings and any recommendations from the study required under subsection (a). Such report shall include a description of any new legislation that may be required to implement a new national supply chain database through the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program.