PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3789

(d) CATEGORY MANAGEMENT DEFINED.—In this section, the term “category management” has the meaning given by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Subtitle F—Other Matters

SEC. 881. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON OVERDUE ACQUISITION AND 
CROSS–SERVICING AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS.

(a) REVIEW.—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the official designated to provide oversight of acquisition and cross-servicing agreements under section 2342(f) of title 10, United States Code, shall conduct a review of acquisition and cross-servicing agreement transactions for which reimbursement to the United States is overdue under section 2345 of such title.
(b) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the designated official described in subsection (a) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the review of acquisition and cross-servicing agreement transactions described in such subsection.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) For each such transaction valued at $1,000,000 or more for which reimbursement to the United States was overdue as of October 1, 2020—
(i) the total amount of the transaction;
(ii) the unreimbursed balance of the transaction;
(iii) the date on which the transaction was originally made;
(iv) the date on which the most recent request for payment was sent to the relevant foreign government or international organization; and
(v) a plan for securing reimbursement from the foreign government or international organization.
(B) A description of the steps taken to implement the recommendations made in the March 4, 2020, report of the Government Accountability Office titled “Defense Logistics Agreements: DOD Should Improve Oversight and Seek Payment from Foreign Partners for Thousands of Orders It Identifies as Overdue”, including efforts to validate data reported under this subsection and in the system of the Department of Defense to record data on acquisition and cross-servicing agreement transactions.
(C) The amount of reimbursement received from a foreign government or international organization, as applicable, for each order—
(i) for which the reimbursement is recorded as overdue in the system of the Department of Defense to record data on acquisition and cross-servicing agreement transactions; and
(ii) that was authorized during the period beginning on October 1, 2013, and ending on September 30, 2020.
(D) A plan for improving recordkeeping of acquisition and cross-servicing agreement transactions and ensuring