PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4741

placement of camera surveillance to deter, prevent, and record criminal behavior that has been accepted by an IACS classification society. The vessel owner shall implement the updated installation plan not later than 180 days after approval.
‘‘(G) AVAILABILITY.—Each risk assessment, installation plan and attestation shall be protected from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, section 552 of title 5 but shall be available to the Coast Guard—
‘‘(i) upon request, and
‘‘(ii) at the time of the certificate of compliance or certificate of inspection examination.
Assessment.
‘‘(H) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section a ‘ship security officer’ is an individual that, with the master’s approval, has full responsibility for vessel security consistent with the International Ship and Port Facility Security Code.’’.
(b) ACCESS TO VIDEO RECORDS; NOTICE OF VIDEO SURVEILLANCE.—Section 3507(b) of title 46, United States Code, is further amended—
(1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3);
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following:
‘‘(2) NOTICE OF VIDEO SURVEILLANCE.—The owner of a vessel to which this section applies shall provide clear and conspicuous signs on board the vessel notifying the public of the presence of video surveillance equipment.’’;
(3) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated—
(A) by striking ‘‘The owner’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) LAW ENFORCEMENT.—The owner’’; and
(B) by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(B) CIVIL ACTIONS.—Except as proscribed by law enforcements authorities or court order, the owner of a vessel to which this section applies shall, upon written request, provide to any individual or the individual’s legal representative a copy of all records of video surveillance—
‘‘(i) in which the individual is a subject of the video surveillance; and
‘‘(ii) that may provide evidence of any sexual assault incident in a civil action.
‘‘(C) LIMITED ACCESS.—The owner of a vessel to which this section applies shall ensure that access to records of video surveillance is limited to the purposes described in this paragraph.’’.
(c) RETENTION REQUIREMENTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 3507(b) of title 46, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(4) RETENTION REQUIREMENTS.—The owner of a vessel to which this section applies shall retain all records of video surveillance for not less than 20 days after the footage is obtained. The vessel owner shall include a statement in the security guide required by subsection (c)(1)(A) that the vessel owner is required by law to retain video surveillance footage for the period specified in this paragraph. If an incident described in subsection (g)(3)(A)(i) is alleged and reported to law enforcement, all records of video surveillance from the voyage that the Federal Bureau of Investigation determines are relevant shall—
Applicability.
Determination.