PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3487

artificial intelligence comprehension and skills are taken into consideration when making assignments.

  (3) Implement a system of rewards, including appropriate 
incentive pay and retention incentives, for members of the 
Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of 
Defense who perform successfully on specific language coding 
proficiency and artificial intelligence competency tests and 
make their skills available to the Department.

(b) INFORMATION SHARING WITH OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES.— 
The Secretary of Defense shall share information on the activities 
carried out under subsection (a) with the Secretary of Homeland 
Security, the Attorney General, the Director of National Intel- 
ligence, and the heads of such other organizations of the intelligence 
community as the Secretary determines appropriate, for purposes 
of— 

   (1) making information about the coding language pro- 
ficiency and artificial intelligence competency tests developed 
under such subsection available to other Federal national secu- 
rity agencies; and 
   
   (2) encouraging the heads of such agencies to implement 
tracking and reward systems that are comparable to those 
implemented by the Department of Defense pursuant to such 
subsection.

(c) SPECIAL PAY FOR PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY 
BENEFICIAL FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INTERESTS.— 

  (1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 81 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 1596b the following 
new section: 

“§ 1596c. Programming language proficiency: special pay for 
proficiency beneficial for national security 
interests

  “(a) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of Defense, under the sole and 
exclusive discretion of the Secretary, may pay special pay under 
this section to an employee of the Department of Defense who— 

    “(1) has been certified by the Secretary to be proficient 
in a computer or digital programming language identified by 
the Secretary as being a language in which proficiency by 
civilian personnel of the Department is necessary because of 
national security interests; and 
    “(2) is assigned duties requiring proficiency in that 
programming language. 

  “(b) RATE.—The rate of special pay for an employee under 
this section shall be prescribed by the Secretary, but may not 
exceed 20 percent of the employee’s rate of basic pay. 

  “(c) RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PAY AND ALLOWANCES.—Special 
pay under this section is in addition to any other pay or allowances 
to which the employee is entitled. 

  “(d) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe 
regulations to carry out this section.”. 

  (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the 
beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by inserting 

10 USC 1596c.

Determination.

Certification.

10 USC 1580 prec.