PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3995

associated with such shipments, including access to ports for humanitarian and commercial cargo, and the results of such efforts;

(iv) efforts to work with parties to the conflict in Yemen to ensure protection of civilians and civilian infrastructure, and the results of such efforts:

(v) efforts to help the Government of Yemen to create a mechanism to ensure that salaries and pensions are paid to civil servants as appropriate, and the results of such efforts; and

(vi) efforts to work with the Government of Yemen and countries that are members of the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen to address the currency crisis in Yemen and the solvency of the Central Bank of Yemen, and the results of such efforts.

(B) An assessment of plans, commitments, and pledges for reconstruction of Yemen made by countries that are      Assessment. members of the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen, including an assessment of proposed coordination with the Government of Yemen and international organizations.

(C) A description of civilian harm occurring in the context of the conflict in Yemen since November 2017, including mass casualty incidents and damage to, or destruction of, civilian infrastructure and services.

(D) An estimated total number of civilian casualties      Estimate. in the context of the conflict in Yemen since September 2014, disaggregated by year.

(E) A detailed description of actions taken by the United States Government to support the efforts of the United Nations Special Envoy for Yemen to reach a lasting political solution in Yemen.

(F) A detailed assessment of whether and to what extent members of the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen have     Assessment. used United States-origin defense articles and defense services in Yemen in contravention of the laws of armed conflict when engaging in any military operations against the Houthis in Yemen.

(G) A description of external and cross border attacks perpetrated by the Houthis.

(H) A detailed assessment of the Government of Yemen’s willingness and capacity to effectively—           Assessment.

(i) provide public services to the people of Yemen;

(ii) service the external debts of Yemen; and

(iii) facilitate or ensure access to humanitarian assistance and key commodities in Yemen.

(I) A description of support for the Houthis by Iran and Iran-backed groups, including the provision of weapons and training.

(J) A description of recruitment and use of child soldiers by parties to the conflict in Yemen.

(3) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may contain a classified annex.     Classified information.

(4) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means—

(A) the congressional defense committees;