134 STAT. 3490           PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(3) encourage employees to volunteer in elementary schools and secondary schools, including schools that the Secretary of Defense determines serve high numbers or percentages of students from low-income families or that serve significant populations of military dependents, in order to enhance STEM education and programs;
(4) establish partnerships with appropriate entities, including institutions of higher education for the purpose of training students in technical disciplines;
(5) make personnel available to advise and assist in STEM educational activities aligned with functions of the Department of Defense;
(6) award scholarships and fellowships, and establish work-based learning programs in scientific disciplines;
(7) conduct recruitment activities to enhance the diversity of the STEM workforce; or
(8) make internships available to students of secondary schools, undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral programs in STEM disciplines.
(b) AWARD PROGRAM.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish procedures to recognize defense industry contractors that demonstrate excellence in supporting STEM education, partnerships, programming, and other activities to enhance participation in STEM fields.
(c) IMPLEMENTATION.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the steps taken to implement the requirements of this section.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The terms "elementary school" and "secondary school" have the meanings given those terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801).
(2) The term "institution of higher education" has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001).
(e) CONFORMING REPEAL.—Section 862 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. note prec. 2191) is repealed.
10 USC 2001 note prec.

SEC. 246. TRAINING PROGRAM FOR HUMAN RESOURCES PERSONNEL IN BEST PRACTICES FOR TECHNICAL WORKFORCE.

(a) PILOT TRAINING PROGRAM.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall develop and implement a pilot program to provide covered human resources personnel with training in public and private sector best practices for attracting and retaining technical talent. 
(2) TRAINING AREAS.—The pilot program shall include training in the authorities and procedures that may be used to recruit technical personnel for positions in the Department of Defense, including—
(A) appropriate direct hiring authorities;