PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3665

(A) a review of the curriculum relating to health, resil-
iency, and nutrition taught in schools operated by the
Department of Defense Education Activity; and
(B) a comparison of such curriculum to benchmarks 
established for the curriculum by the Department of 
Defense Education Activity.
(3) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives a report that includes the results 
of the study conducted under paragraph (1).
(b) GAO STUDIES AND REPORTS.—
(1) STUDIES.—The Comptroller General of the United States 
shall conduct two studies on the performance of the Department 
of Defense Education Activity as follows:
(A) One study shall analyze the educational outcomes 
of students in schools operated by the Department of 
Defense Education Activity compared to the educational 
outcomes of students in public elementary schools and 
public secondary schools (as those terms are defined in 
section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.)) outside the Depart-
ment of Defense.
(B) One study shall assess the effectiveness of the 
School Liaison Officer program of the Department of 
Defense Education Activity in achieving the goals of the 
program with an emphasis on goals relating to special 
education and family outreach.
(2) REPORTS.—Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the 
United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the House of Representatives—
(A) a report that includes the results of the study 
conducted under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1); and
(B) a report that includes the results of the study 
conducted under subparagraph (B) of such paragraph.

Subtitle J—Other Matters and Reports

SEC. 591. EXPANSION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STARBASE PRO-
GRAM.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2193b of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended—
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘science, mathe-
matics, and technology’’ and inserting ‘‘science, tech-
nology, engineering, art and design, and mathematics’’;
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘science, mathematics, 
and technology’’ and inserting ‘‘science, technology, engineering, 
art and design, and mathematics’’; and
(3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘mathematics, science, 
and technology’’ and inserting ‘‘science, technology, engineering, 
art and design, and mathematics’’.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin-
ning of chapter 111 of title 10, United States Code, is amended
10 USC 2191
prec.