PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4715

area, at a minimum, the incident rate, intervention rate, and casualty prevention rate.
‘‘(4) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—
‘‘(A) ASSESSMENTS AND INFORMATION.—In accordance with section 552 of title 5, the Secretary shall make any risk assessments conducted under paragraph (1) and any information collected under paragraph (3)(A) available to the public.
‘‘(B) INFORMATION IN POSSESSION OR CONTROL OF INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS.—The Secretary shall endeavor to coordinate with international partners as described in section (d)(2) to enter into agreements to make information collected, shared, and analyzed under that paragraph available to the public.
‘‘(C) DISCLOSURE.—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall de-identify information prior to release to the public, including near-miss incidents.
‘‘(g) VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE TRAINING.—
‘‘(1) TRAINING PROGRAM.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall develop a comprehensive nationwide training program for all vessel traffic service directors, operators, and watchstanders.
‘‘(B) ELEMENTS.—The comprehensive nationwide training program under subparagraph (A) and any variances to that program under subsection (c) shall include, at a minimum, the following:
‘‘(i) Realistic vessel traffic scenarios to the maximum extent practicable that integrate—
‘‘(I) the national policy developed under subsection (b);
‘‘(II) international rules under the International Navigational Rules Act of 1977 (33 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.);
‘‘(III) inland navigation rules under part 83 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations;
‘‘(IV) the application of vessel traffic authority; and
‘‘(V) communication with vessel traffic service users.
‘‘(ii) Proficiency training with respect to use, interpretation, and integration of available data on vessel traffic service display systems such as radar, and vessel automatic identification system feeds.
‘‘(iii) Practical application of—
‘‘(I) the international rules under the International Navigational Rules Act of 1977 (33 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.); and
‘‘(II) the inland navigation rules under part 83 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations.
‘‘(iv) Proficiency training with respect to the operation of radio communications equipment and any other applicable systems necessary to execute vessel traffic service authorities.
‘‘(v) Incorporation of the Standard Marine Communication Phrases adopted by the International Maritime Organization by resolution on April 4, 2000, as amended and consolidated, or any successor resolution.