134 STAT. 4010          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

		(v) military pensions.
	(B) Consider the effects of purchasing power parity 
 and market exchange rates, particularly on nontraded 
 goods.
	(C) Consider differences in the relative prices and 
 quality of goods within each subject country.
	(D) Compare the quality of labor and benefits for the 
 defense workforce of each subject country.
	(E) Account for discrepancies in the manner in which 
 each subject country accounts for certain functional types 
 of defense-related spending.
	(F) Explicitly estimate the magnitude of omitted 
 spending from official defense budget information.
	(G) Describe direct, indirect, and burden-sharing con-
 tributions made by host countries to each subject country, 
 including contributions for—
			(i) labor costs;
			(ii) military construction projects;
			(iii) labor, utilities, facilities, and costs omitted;
			(iv) costs associated with training and operations;
	and
			(v) any other purpose the Secretary considers 
 appropriate.
	(H) Analyze the budget impact of geographical consid-
 erations and forward-deployed forces.
	(I) Exclude spending related to veterans’ benefits.
	(2) ADDITIONAL ELEMENT FOR INDEPENDENT STUDY.—In 
 addition to the elements described in paragraph (1), the inde-
 pendent study required by subsection (a)(2) shall analyze best 
 practices for quantifying and evaluating the comparative mili-
 tary expenditures of each subject country for defense-related 
 databases and research.
(c) CONSIDERATIONS.—The studies required by subsection (a) 
 may take into consideration the following:
	(1) The effects of state-owned enterprises on the defense 
 expenditures of the People’s Republic of China and the Russian 
 Federation.
	(2) The role of differing acquisition policies and structures 
 with respect to the defense expenditures of each subject country.
	(3) Any other matter relevant to evaluating the resources 
 dedicated to the defense spending or the various military-
 related outlays of the People’s Republic of China and the Rus-
 sian Federation.
(d) REPORTS.—
	(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days after the date 
 on which each study required by subsection (a) is completed, 
 the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of 
 Congress a report on the results of the applicable study, 
 together with the views of the Secretary on such study.
	(2) FORM.—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall 
 be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified 
 annex.
	(3) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS DEFINED.—In 
 this subsection, the term “appropriate committees of Congress”
 means—
		(A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee 
		on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations,