134 STAT. 4710             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                       SEC. 8343. SAFETY OF SPECIAL ACTIVITIES.
                                             (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the department in which 
                                       the Coast Guard is operating shall conduct a 2-year pilot program 
                                       to establish and implement a process to—
                                             (1) establish safety zones to address special activities in 
                                       the exclusive economic zone;
                                             (2) account for the number of safety zones established 
                                       for special activities;
                                             (3) differentiate whether an applicant who requests a safety 
                                       zone for such activities is—
                                                   (A) an individual;
                                                   (B) an organization; or 
                                                   (C) a government entity; and
                                             (4) account for Coast Guard resources utilized to enforce 
                                       safety zones established for special activities, including—
                                                   (A) the number of Coast Guard or Coast Guard Auxil-
                                             iary vessels used; and
                                                   (B) the number of Coast Guard or Coast Guard Auxil-
                                             iary patrol hours required.
                                         (b) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after the expiration 
                                       of the 2-year pilot program, the Commandant shall brief the Com-
                                       mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
                                        resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
                                       Transportation of the Senate regarding—
                                             (1) the process required under subsection (a); and
                                             (2) whether the authority to establish safety zones to 
                                       address special activities in the exclusive economic zone should 
                                       be extended or made permanent in the interest of safety.
                                         (c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
                                             (1) SAFETY ZONE.—The term “safety zone” has the meaning 
                                       given such term in section 165.20 of title 33, Code of Federal 
                                       Regulations.
                                             (2) SPECIAL ACTIVITIES.—The term “special activities” 
                                       includes—
                                                   (A) space activities, including launch and reentry, as 
                                             such terms are defined in section 50902 of title 51, United 
                                             States Code, carried out by United States citizens; and
                                                   (B) offshore energy development activities, as described 
                                             in section 8(p)(1)(C) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands 
                                             Act (43 U.S.C. 1337(p)(1)(C)), on or near a fixed platform.
                                             (3) UNITED STATES CITIZEN.—The term “United States cit-
                                       izen” has the meaning given the term “eligible owners” in 
                                        section 12103 of title 46, United States Code.
                                             (4) FIXED PLATFORM.—The term “fixed platform” means 
                                       an artificial island, installation, or structure permanently 
                                       attached to the sea-bed for the purpose of exploration or exploi-
                                       tation of resources or for other economic purposes.
                                       SEC. 8344. SECURITY PLANS; REVIEWS.
                                         Section 70103 of title 46, United States Code, is amended—
                                             (1) by amending subsection (b)(3) to read as follows:
                                                 “(3) The Secretary shall review and approve Area Maritime 
                                             Transportation Security Plans and updates under this sub-
                                             section.”; and
                                             (2) in subsection (c)(4), by inserting “or update” after “plan” 
                                       each place it appears.