PUBLIC LAW 116-283-JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4867

out this subsection $3,000,000, to remain available until
  expended.
    (b) EMPLOYEE TRAINING PROGRAM TO MANAGE FARMER AND
  RANCHER STRESS.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date
    of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of Agriculture
    shall expand the pilot program carried out by the Secretary
    of Agriculture in fiscal year 2019 that trained employees of
    the Farm Service Agency in the management of stress experi-
    enced by farmers and ranchers, to train employees of the Farm
    Service Agency, the Risk Management Agency, and the Natural
    Resources Conservation Service in the management of stress
    experienced by farmers and ranchers, including the detection
    of stress and suicide prevention.
        (2) REPORT.—Not less frequently than once every 2 years,
    the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee
    on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-
    mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate
    a report describing the implementation of this subsection.
    (c) TASK FORCE FOR ASSESSMENT OF CAUSES OF MENTAL STRESS
  AND BEST PRACTICES FOR RESPONSE.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall con-
    vene a task force of agricultural and rural stakeholders at
    the national, State, and local levels—
            (A) to assess the causes of mental stress in farmers
        and ranchers; and
            (B) to identify best practices for responding to that
        mental stress.
        (2) SUBMISSION OF REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after
    the date of enactment of this subsection, the task force convened
    under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Secretary of Agriculture
    a report containing the assessment and best practices under
    subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of paragraph (1).
        (3) COLLABORATION.—In carrying out this subsection, the
    task force convened under paragraph (1) shall collaborate with
    nongovernmental organizations and State and local agencies.
        (d) CESSATION OF AUTHORITIES.—Any authorities provided
    under this section shall cease to be in effect on October 1, 2023.

                                          Nancy Pelosi
                        Speaker of the House of Representatives.
                                           Lisa Murkowski
                           Acting President of the Senate pro tempore.

            IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, U.S.
                              December 28, 2020.
    The House of Representatives having proceeded to reconsider the bill (H.R. 6395)
  entitled “An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2021 for military activi-
  ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-
  ties of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such
  fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’, returned by the President of the United States
  with his objections, to the House of Representatives, in which it originated, it was
