PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021         134 STAT. 3599

   “(2) The Secretary of Defense may not make an honorary pro-
motion under this subsection until 60 days after the date on which
the Secretary concerned submits the determination in connection
with the proposal for the promotion under subsection (b), and the
detailed rationale supporting the determination as described in
that subsection, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate
and the House of Representatives and the requesting Member in
accordance with that subsection.
    “(3) The authority to make an honorary promotion under this
subsection shall apply notwithstanding that the promotion is not
otherwise authorized by law.
  “(4) Any promotion pursuant to this subsection is honorary,
and shall not affect the pay, retired pay, or other benefits from
the United States to which the former member or retired member
concerned is or would have been entitled based upon the military
service of such former member or retired member, nor affect any
benefits to which any other person may become entitled based
on the military service of such former member or retired member.”.
    (3) HEADING AMENDMENT.—The heading of such section
is amended to read as follows:
“§ 1563. Consideration of proposals from Members of Con-
gress for honorary promotions: procedures for
review and promotion”.
    (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin-
ning of chapter 80 of such title is amended by striking the item
relating to section 1563 and inserting the following new item:
“1563. Consideration of proposals from Members of Congress for honorary pro-
motions: procedures for review and promotion.
    “1563a. Honorary promotions on the initiative of the Department of Defense.”.
  SEC. 524. EXCLUSION OF OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPHS OF MEMBERS FROM 
         RECORDS FURNISHED TO PROMOTION SELECTION
         BOARDS. 
    (a) ACTIVE DUTY OFFICERS.—The Secretary of Defense shall
include in the regulations prescribed pursuant to section 615(a)
of title 10, United States Code, a prohibition on the inclusion
of an official photograph of an officer in the information furnished
to a selection board pursuant to section 615(b) of such title.
    (b) RESERVE OFFICERS.—The Secretary of Defense shall include
in regulations prescribed pursuant to section 14107(a)(1) of title
10, United States Code, a prohibition on the inclusion of an official
photograph of an officer in the information furnished to a selection
board pursuant to section 14107(a)(2) of such title.
    (c) ENLISTED MEMBERS.—Each Secretary of a military depart-
ment shall prescribe regulations that prohibit the inclusion of an
official photograph of an enlisted member in the information fur-
nished to a board that considers enlisted members under the juris-
diction of such Secretary for promotion.
    (d) REPORT ON EXCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.—Not
later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretaries
of the military departments, submit to the Committees on Armed
Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report
setting forth the following:
          (1) A recommendation for the redaction or removal from
     information furnished to selection boards convened to consider
     officers or enlisted members for promotion to the next higher