PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 

(2) determine whether the importance, challenges, and complexity of the modern counterterrorism environment and irregular and asymmetrical domains warrant—
(A) a college at the National Defense University, or a college independent of the National Defense University whose leadership is responsible to the Office of the Secretary of Defense; and
(B) the provision of resources, services, and capacity at levels that are the same as, or decreased or enhanced in comparison to, those resources, services, and capacity in place at the College of International Security Affairs on January 1, 2019;
(3) review the plan proposed by the National Defense Plan. University for eliminating the College of International Security Affairs and reducing and restructuring the counterterrorism, irregular, and asymmetrical faculty, course offerings, joint professional military education and degree and certificate programs, and other services provided by the College; and
(4) assess the changes made to the College of International Security Affairs since January 1, 2019, and the actions necessary to reverse those changes, including relocating the College and its associated budget, faculty, staff, students, and facilities outside of the National Defense University.

(c) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on—
(1) the findings of the Secretary with respect to the assessments, determination, and review conducted under subsection (b); and
(2) such recommendations as the Secretary may have for higher education in the counterterrorism, irregular, and asymmetrical domains.

SEC. 578. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE CREDENTIALING OPPORTUNITIES ON-LINE PROGRAMS OF THE ARMED FORCES.

(a) STUDY ON PERFORMANCE MEASURES.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to determine additional performance measures to evaluate the effectiveness of the Credentialing Opportunities On-Line programs (in this section referred to as the ‘‘COOL programs’’) of each Armed Force in connecting members of the Armed Forces with professional credential programs. The study shall include the following:
(1) The percentage of members of the Armed Force concerned described in section 1142(a) of title 10, United States Code, who participate in a professional credential program through the COOL program of the Armed Force concerned.
(2) The percentage of members of the Armed Force concerned described in paragraph (1) who have completed a professional credential program described in that paragraph.
(3) The amount of funds obligated and expended to execute the COOL program of each Armed Force during the five fiscal years immediately preceding the date of the study.
(4) Any other element determined by the Secretary of Defense.

(b) INFORMATION TRACKING.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a process to standardize the tracking of information regarding the COOL programs across the Armed Forces.

134 STAT. 3649