134 STAT. 4120		PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

to the congressional defense committees an evaluation of reserve models tailored to the support of cyberspace operations for the Department.
Assessment.	(b) ELEMENTS.—The evaluation conducted under subsection (a) shall include assessment of the following:
		(1) The capabilities and deficiencies in military and civilian personnel with needed cybersecurity expertise, and the quantity of personnel with such expertise, within the Department.
		(2) The potential for a uniformed, civilian, or mixed cyber reserve force to remedy shortfalls in expertise and capacity.
		(3) The ability of the Department to attract the personnel with the desired expertise to either a uniformed or civilian cyber reserve force.
		(4) The number of personnel, their skills, additional infrastructure required, funding, and the composition of a cyber reserve force that would be required to meet the needs of the Department.
		(5) Alternative models for establishing a cyber reserve force, including the following:
			(A) A traditional uniformed military reserve component.
			(B) A nontraditional uniformed military reserve component, with respect to drilling and other requirements such as grooming and physical fitness.
			(C) Nontraditional civilian cyber reserve options.
			(D) Hybrid options.
		(6) Models of reserve support used by international allies and partners.
		(6) The impact each of the cyber reserve models would have on active duty and existing reserve forces, including the following:
			(A) Recruiting.
			(B) Promotion.
			(C) Retention.
			(D) Relocation.
		(7) The impact each of the cyber reserve models would have on the Cyber Operations Forces total force, including the following:
			(A) Cyber operations forces training.
			(B) Cyber operations forces individual and unit readiness.
			(C) Cyber operations forces training ranges and cyber warfighting architectures.
			(D) Infrastructure supporting Cyber Operations Forces.
		(8) The impact each of the cyber reserve models would have on the private sector, particularly during and immediately after a major cyber incident.
		(9) An evaluation of work conducted to date by the Department of Defense in response to the 2014 Report of the Reserve Forces Policy Board on Department of Defense Cyber Approach: Use of the National Guard and Reserve in the Cyber Mission Force.

SEC. 1731. INTEGRATED CYBERSECURITY CENTER PLAN.
Deadline.	(a) IN GENERAL—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Attorney General,