134 STAT. 3922           PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(H) the influence of Afghanistan's neighbors and near neighbors on the sovereignty of Afghanistan and the strategic national security interests of the United States in the region.
Plan. (2) A plan for the orderly transition of all security-related tasks currently undertaken by the Armed Forces of the United States and nations contributing troops to the Resolute Support Mission in support of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces to the Government of Afghanistan.
Update. (3) An update on the status of any United States citizens detained in Afghanistan and an overview of administration efforts to secure their release.
Time period. (4) An assessment by the intelligence community of the manner and extent to which state actors have provided any incentives to the Taliban, their affiliates, or other foreign terrorist organizations for attacks against United States, coalition, or Afghan security forces or civilians in Afghanistan in the last 2 years, including the details of any attacks believed to have been connected with such incentives.
(5) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate.
Classified (c) FORM. —The report described in subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may contain a classified annex.
President. (d) WAIVER. —The President may waive the limitation under subsection (a) if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees—
Determination. (1) a written determination that the waiver is important to the national security interests of the United States; and
(2) a detailed explanation of how the waiver furthers those interests.
(e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means—
(1) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.

SEC. 1216. MODIFICATIONS TO IMMUNITY FROM SEIZURE UNDER JUDICIAL PROCESS OF CULTURAL OBJECTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Act of October 19, 1965, entitled ‘‘An Act to render immune from seizure under judicial process certain objects of cultural significance imported into the United States for temporary display or exhibition, and for other purposes’’ (22 U.S.C. 2459; 79 Stat. 985) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)—
(A) by striking ‘‘the temporary exhibition or display thereof’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘temporary storage, conservation, scientific research, exhibition, or display’’;