PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021  134 STAT. 3477

(d) IMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary shall deploy technologies developed under subsection (b)(1) for use by expeditionary forces not later than January 1, 2025.

(e) WATER HARVESTING DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘water harvesting’’, when used with respect to a system or technology, means a system or technology that is capable of creating useable water by—
(1) harvesting water from underutilized environmental sources, such as by capturing water from ambient humidity; or
(2) recycling or otherwise reclaiming water that has previously been used.

sec. 227. LIMITATION ON CONTRACT AWARDS FOR CERTAIN UNMANNED VESSELS.

(a) LIMITATION.—Not less than 30 days before awarding a con-tract using any funds from the Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, Navy account for the purchase of a covered vessel, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report and certification described in subsection (c) for such contract and covered vessel.

(b) COVERED VESSELS.—For purposes of this section, a covered vessel is one of the following:
(1) A large unmanned surface vessel (LUSV).
(2) A medium unmanned surface vehicle (MUSV).

(c) REPORT AND CERTIFICATION DESCRIBED.—A report and certification described in this subsection regarding a contract for a covered vessel is—
(1) a report—
(A) submitted to the congressional defense committees not later than 60 days after the date of the completion of an independent technical risk assessment for such cov-ered vessel;
(B) on the findings and recommendations of the Senior Technical Authority for the class of naval vessels that includes the covered vessel with respect to such assessment; and
(C) that includes such assessment; and
(2) a certification, submitted to the congressional defense committees with the report described in paragraph (1), that certifies that—
(A) the Secretary has determined, in conjunction with the Senior Technical Authority for the class of naval vessels that includes the covered vessel, that the critical mission, hull, mechanical, and electrical subsystems of the covered vessel—
(i) have been demonstrated in vessel-representa-tive form, fit, and function; and
(ii) have achieved performance levels equal to or greater than applicable Department of Defense threshold requirements for such class of vessels or have maturation plans in place to achieve such performance levels prior to transition to a program of record, including a detailed description of such achieved performance or maturation plans; and
(B) such contract is necessary to meet Department research, development, test, and evaluation objectives for