PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(5) A detailed explanation of any significant modifications to such requirements, as compared to plans previously submitted under this subsection.
(6) Any other matter, as determined by the Secretary.

(e) BUDGET DISPLAY INFORMATION.—The Secretary shall include a detailed budget display for the Initiative in the materials of the Department of Defense in support of the budget of the President (submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter that includes the following information:
(1) The resources necessary for the Initiative to carry out the activities required under subsection (b) for the applicable fiscal year and not fewer than the four following fiscal years, organized by the activities described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of that subsection.
(2) With respect to procurement accounts—
(A) amounts displayed by account, budget activity, line number, line item, and line item title; and
(B) a description of the requirements for such amounts specific to the Initiative.
(3) With respect to research, development, test, and evaluation accounts—
(A) amounts displayed by account, budget activity, line number, program element, and program element title; and
(B) a description of the requirements for such amounts specific to the Initiative.
(4) With respect to operation and maintenance accounts—
(A) amounts displayed by account title, budget activity title, line number, and subactivity group title; and
(B) a description of the specific manner in which such amounts will be used.
(5) With respect to military personnel accounts—
(A) amounts displayed by account, budget activity, budget subactivity, and budget subactivity title; and
(B) a description of the requirements for such amounts specific to the Initiative.
(6) With respect to each project under military construction accounts (including with respect to unspecified minor military construction and amounts for planning and design), the country, location, project title, and project amount by fiscal year.
(7) With respect to the activities described in subsection (b)—
(A) amounts displayed by account title, budget activity title, line number, and subactivity group title; and
(B) a description of the specific manner in which amounts will be used.
(8) With respect to each military service—
(A) amounts displayed by account title, budget activity title, line number, and subactivity group title; and
(B) a description of the specific manner in which such amounts will be used.
(9) With respect to the amounts described in each of paragraphs (2)(A), (3)(A), (4)(A), (5)(A), (6), (7)(A), and (8)(A), a comparison between—
(A) the amount in the budget of the President for the following fiscal year;
Determination.

134 STAT. 3953