PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021  134 STAT. 3567

section 615(a) of this title to the promotion board that recommended the promotion of the person subject to review under
this section; and
  ‘‘(II) the person submitted comments on such information to that promotion board.
  ‘‘(ii) The comments on information of a person described in clause (i)(II) shall be furnished to the special selection review board.
  ‘‘(D) A person may waive either or both of the following:
  ‘‘(i) The right to submit comments to a special selection review board under subparagraph (A)(ii).
 Waiver authority.
  ‘‘(ii) The furnishing of comments to a special selection review board under subparagraph (C)(ii).
  ‘‘(d) CONSIDERATION.—(1) In considering the record and
information on a person under this section, the special selection review board shall compare such record and information with an appropriate sampling of the records of those officers of the same competitive category who were recommended for promotion by the
promotion board that recommended the person for promotion, and an appropriate sampling of the records of those officers who were considered by and not recommended for promotion by that promotion board.
  ‘‘(2) Records and information shall be presented to a special
selection review board for purposes of paragraph (1) in a manner that does not indicate or disclose the person or persons for whom the special selection review board was convened.
 Records.
  ‘‘(3) In considering whether the recommendation for promotion of a person should be sustained under this section, a special selec-
tion review board shall, to the greatest extent practicable, apply standards used by the promotion board that recommended the person for promotion.
 Determination.
  ‘‘(4) The recommendation for promotion of a person may be sustained under this section only if the special selection review board determines that the person—
  ‘‘(A) ranks on an order of merit created by the special
selection review board as better qualified for promotion than
the sample officer highest on the order of merit list who was
considered by and not recommended for promotion by the
promotion board concerned; and
  ‘‘(B) is comparable in qualification for promotion to those
sample officers who were recommended for promotion by the promotion board.
  ‘‘(5) A recommendation for promotion of a person may be sustained under this section only by a vote of a majority of the members of the special selection review board.
  ‘‘(6) If a special selection review board does not sustain a recommendation for promotion of a person under this section, the person shall be considered to have failed of selection for promotion.
 Certification.
  ‘‘(e) REPORTS.—(1) Each special selection review board convened under this section shall submit to the Secretary of the military department concerned a written report, signed by each member of the board, containing the name of each person whose recommendation for promotion it recommends for sustainment and certifying that the board has carefully considered the record and information of each person whose name was referred to it.
  ‘‘(2) The provisions of sections 617(b) and 618 of this title
apply to the report and proceedings of a special selection review board convened under this section in the same manner as they
 Applicability.