PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

approved by the Secretary of Defense under which the Secretary of Defense shall pay fair and reasonable compensation for all commercial transportation resources provided pursuant to this section.
“(2) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS.—Compensation under this subsection—
“(A) shall not be less than the program participant’s commercial market charges for like transportation resources;
“(B) shall be fair and reasonable considering all circumstances;
“(C) shall be provided from the time that a vessel or resource is required by the Secretary of Defense until the time it is redelivered to the program participant and is available to reenter commercial service; and
“(D) shall be in addition to and shall not in any way reflect amounts payable under section 53406 of this title.
“(f) TEMPORARY REPLACEMENT VESSELS.—Notwithstanding section 55302(a), 55304, 55305, or 55314 of this title, section 2631 of title 10, or any other cargo preference law of the United States—
“(1) a program participant may operate or employ in foreign commerce a foreign-flag vessel or foreign-flag vessel capacity as a temporary replacement for a vessel of the United States or vessel of the United States capacity that is activated by the Secretary of Defense under an emergency preparedness agreement or a primary Department of Defense sealift-approved readiness program; and
“(2) such replacement vessel or vessel capacity shall be eligible during the replacement period to transport preference cargoes subject to sections 55302(a), 55304, 55305, and 55314 of this title and section 2631 of title 10, United States Code, to the same extent as the eligibility of the vessel or vessel capacity replaced.
“§ 53408. Redelivery and liability of the United States for damages.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—All commercial transportation resources activated under an emergency preparedness agreement shall, upon termination of the period of activation, be redelivered to the program participant in the same good order and condition as when received, less ordinary wear and tear, or the Secretary of Defense shall fully compensate the program participant for any necessary repair or replacement.
“(2) LIMITATION ON UNITED STATES LIABILITY.—Except as may be expressly agreed in an emergency preparedness agreement, or as otherwise provided by law, the Government shall not be liable for disruption of a program participant’s commercial business or other consequential damages to the program participant arising from the activation of commercial transportation resources under an emergency preparedness agreement.
“§ 53408. Regulatory relief
“(a) OPERATION IN FOREIGN COMMERCE.—A program participant for a vessel included in an operating agreement under this chapter may operate the vessel in the foreign commerce of the United States without restriction.
“(b) OTHER RESTRICTIONS.—The restrictions of section 55305(a) of this title concerning the building, rebuilding, or documentation
46 USC 53408.