134 STAT. 3896 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

retaining high quality acquisition and technology experts in posi-
tions responsible for managing and performing complex, high-cost
research and technology development efforts in the science and
technology reinvention laboratories of the Department of Defense.
(b) APPROVAL REQUIRED.—The program may be carried out
in a military department only with the approval of the service
acquisition executive of the military department concerned.
(c) POSITIONS.—The positions described in this subsection are
positions in the science and technology reinvention laboratories
of the Department of Defense that—
(1) require expertise of an extremely high level in a sci-
entific, technical, professional, or acquisition management field;
and
(2) are critical to the successful accomplishment of an
important research or technology development mission.
(d) RATE OF BASIC PAY.—The pay authority specified in this
subsection is authority as follows:
(1) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for a position
at a rate not to exceed 150 percent of the rate of basic pay
payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval
of the service acquisition executive concerned.
(2) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for a position
at a rate in excess of 150 percent of the rate of basic pay
payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval
of the Secretary of the military department concerned.
(e) LIMITATIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The authority in subsection (a) may
be used only to the extent necessary to competitively recruit
or retain individuals exceptionally well qualified for positions
described in subsection (c).
(2) NUMBER OF POSITIONS.—The authority in subsection
(a) may not be used with respect to more than five positions
in each military department at any one time.
(3) TERM OF POSITIONS.—The authority in subsection (a)
may be used only for positions having a term of less than
five years.
(f) SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY REINVENTION LABORATORIES OF
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEFINED.—In this section, the term
‘‘science and technology reinvention laboratories of the Department
of Defense’’ means the laboratories designated as science and tech-
nology reinvention laboratories by section 1105(a) of the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2358
note).’’.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin-
ning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after
the item relating to section 2358b the following new item:
‘‘2358c. Enhanced pay authority for certain research and technology positions in
science and technology reinvention laboratories.’’.
10 USC 2351 
prec.
10 USC 2358 
note.
(c) REPEAL OF PILOT PROGRAM.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 1124 of the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328;
130 Stat. 2456; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is repealed.
(2) CONTINUATION OF PAY.—The repeal in paragraph (1)
shall not be interpreted to prohibit the payment of basic pay
at rates fixed under such section 1124 before the date of the
enactment of this Act for positions having terms that continue
after that date.