PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                                                            134 STAT. 3449

(A) A report on the results of the realistic survivability
testing of the F–35 aircraft, as described in section 2366(d)
of title 10, United States Code.

(B) A report on the results of the initial operational
test and evaluation conducted for program, as described
in section 2399(b)(2) of such title.

(8) A mitigation strategy and implementation plan to
address each critical deficiency in the F–35 aircraft autonomic
logistics information system that has been identified as of the
date of enactment of this Act.                                                                 Mitigation
                                                                                                                strategy.
                                                                                                                Implementation
                                                                                                                plan. 
(9) A certification that the F–35A aircraft meets required 
mission reliability performance using an average sortie duration
of 2 hours and 30 minutes.                                                               Certification. 

(10) A certification that the Secretary has developed and                           Certification.  
validated a fully integrated and realistic schedule for the
development, production and integration of Block 4 Technical
Refresh 3 capabilities for the F–35 aircraft, that includes a
strategy for resloving all software technical debt that has
accumulated within the F–35 operational flight program source
code during development, production, and integration of Technical Refresh 1 and Technical Refresh 2 capabilities.

(11) The following:
   (A) A complete list of hardware modifications that will                                     List.
       be required to integrate Block 4 capabilities into lot 16
       and lot 17 production F–35 aircraft.
   (B) An estimate of the costs of any engineering changes              Cost estimate.
        required as a result of such modifications.
   (C) A comparison of those engineering changes and
       costs with the engineering changes and costs for lot 15 
       production F–35 aircraft.

                SEC.160. F–35 AIRCRAFT MUNITIONS.

Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of
the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy shall, in coordination
with the Director of F–35 Joint Program Office, certify for
use by the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary
munitions for F–35 aircraft that are qualified on F–35 partner
aircraft or North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) member
nations as of the date of the enactment of this Act.                              Coordination.
                                                                                                               Certification.

                SEC.161. REDESIGN STRATEGY FOR THE AUTONOMIC LOGISTICS 
                               INFORMATION SYSTEM FOR THE F–35 FIGHTER AIRCRAFT.

(a) IN GENERAL—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Under                       Deadline.
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall, in             Consultation.
consultation with the Director of the F–35 Aircraft Joint Program 
Office, submit to the congressional defense committees the following:
    (1) A report describing a program-wide process for meas-
       uring, collecting, and tracking information on the manner in
       which the F–35 Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS)
       is affecting the performance of the F–35 aircraft fleet, including
       its effects on aircraft availability and mission capability and
       effectiveness rates.                                                                                Reports.
    (2) A strategy and implementation plan for the F–35 Oper-
       ational Data Integrated Network (ODIN) system that is being
       developed to replace the F–35 Autonomic Logistics Information
       System, including an identification and assessment of goals,
       key risks or uncertainties, system performance metrics, and                       Implementation
       effectiveness.                                                                                    plan.
                                                                                                               Assessment.