134 STAT. 4090          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(2) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Principal Cyber Advisor shall 
be responsible for the following:
“(A) Acting as the principal advisor to the Secretary 
on military cyber forces and activities.
“(B) Overall integration of Cyber Operations Forces 
activities relating to cyberspace operations, including asso-
ciated policy and operational considerations, resources, per-
sonnel, technology development and transition, and acquisi-
tion.
“(C) Assessing and overseeing the implementation of 
the cyber strategy of the Department and execution of 
the cyber posture review of the Department on behalf of 
the Secretary.
“(D) Coordinating activities pursuant to subparagraphs 
(A) and (B) of subsection (c)(3) with the Principal Informa-
tion Operations Advisor, the Chief Information Officer of 
the Department, and other officials as determined by the 
Secretary of Defense, to ensure the integration of activities 
in support of cyber, information, and electromagnetic spec-
trum operations.
“(E) Such other matters relating to the offensive mili-
tary cyber forces of the Department as the Secretary shall 
specify for the purposes of this subsection.
“(3) CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM.—Consistent with section 911 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 
(Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note), the Principal Cyber 
Advisor shall—
“(A) integrate the cyber expertise and perspectives of 
appropriate organizations within the Office of the Secretary 
of Defense, Joint Staff, military departments, the Defense 
Agencies and Field Activities, and combatant commands, 
by establishing and maintaining a full-time cross-functional 
team of subject matter experts from those organizations; 
and
“(B) select team members, and designate a team leader,
from among those personnel nominated by the heads of 
such organizations.”.
(b) DESIGNATION OF DEPUTY PRINCIPAL CYBER ADVISOR.—Sec-
tion 905(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92) is amended by striking “Under 
Secretary of Defense for Policy” and inserting “Secretary of 
Defense”.

SEC. 1714. CYBERSPACE SOLARIUM COMMISSION.
Section 1652 of the John S. McCain National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232), is
amended—
(1) in subsection (b)(1)—
(A) in subparagraph (A), by—
(i) striking clauses (i) through (iv); and 
(ii) redesignating clauses (v) through (viii) as 
clauses (i) through (iv), respectively; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking “and who are 
appointed under clauses (iv) through (vii) of subparagraph
(A)”;
(2) in subsection (d)(2), by striking “Seven” and inserting 
“Six”;

10 USC 391 note.
132 Stat. 2140.