134 STAT. 4022 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

unless the incorporation documents of any such grantee require that the corporate leadership and Board of Directors of such grantee be selected in accordance with this Act.
“(2) CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.—
“(A) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER.—The Chief Executive Officer may not serve on any of the corporate boards of any grantee under subsection (a).
“(B) FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.—A full-time employee of a Federal agency may not serve on a corporate board of any grantee under subsection (a).
“(3) QUALIFICATIONS OF GRANTEE BOARD MEMBERS.—Individuals appointed under subsection (a) to the Board of Directors of any of the Agency Grantee Networks shall have requisite expertise in journalism, technology, broadcasting, or diplomacy, or appropriate language or cultural understanding relevant to the grantee’s mission.”
(d) INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING ADVISORY BOARD.—Section 306 of the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6205) is amended—
(1) by striking subsections (a) through (c) and inserting the following:
“(a) IN GENERAL.—The International Broadcasting Advisory Board (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Board’) shall advise the Chief Executive Officer of the United States Agency for Global Media, as appropriate. The Advisory Board as established shall exist within the executive branch as an entity described in section 104 of title 5, United States Code.
“(b) COMPOSITION OF THE ADVISORY BOARD.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Advisory Board shall consist of seven members, of whom—
“(A) six shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, in accordance with subsection (c); and
“(B) one shall be the Secretary of State.
“(2) CHAIR.—The President shall designate, with the advice and consent of the Senate, one of the members appointed under paragraph (1)(A) as Chair of the Advisory Board.
“(3) PARTY LIMITATION.—Not more than three members of the Advisory Board appointed under paragraph (1)(A) may be affiliated with the same political party.
“(4) TERMS OF OFFICE.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), members of the Advisory Board shall serve for a single term of 4 years, except that, of the first group of members appointed under paragraph (1)(A)—
“(i) two members who are not affiliated with the same political party, shall be appointed for terms ending on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of the U.S. Agency for Global Media Reform Act;
“(ii) two members who are not affiliated with the same political party, shall be appointed for terms ending on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of the U.S. Agency for Global Media Reform Act; and
“(iii) two members who are not affiliated with the same political party, shall be appointed for terms