PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3463

	‘‘(6) Coordinate with relevant stakeholders and agencies to support the technological advantage of the United States in developing hypersonic systems.’’.
SEC. 218. EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR AUTONOMY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 1, 2022, the Secretary of the Navy shall designate an existing program executive officer from within the Department of the Navy to serve as the acquisition executive agent for autonomy who shall be the official within the Department with primary responsibility for the acquisition of autonomous technology. The officer designated as acquisition executive agent for autonomy shall carry out the responsibilities of such position in addition to the responsibilities otherwise assigned to such officer as a program executive officer.
(b) PROGRAM EXECUTIVE OFFICER DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘program executive officer’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1737(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code.
SEC. 219. NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION PARTNERSHIPS.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish an activity—

(1) to support partnerships between the Department of Defense and academic institutions, private sector firms in defense and commercial sectors, commercial accelerators and incubators, commercial innovation hubs, public sector organizations, and nonprofit entities with missions relating to national security innovation;
(2) to expand the national security innovation base, including through engagement with academia, defense industry, commercial industry, government organizations, and the venture capital community;
(3) to accelerate the transition of technologies and services into acquisition programs and operational use;
(4) to work in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, other organizations within the Office of the Secretary, and the Armed Forces to create new pathways and models of national security service that facilitate employment within the Department;
(5) to facilitate engagement with entities described in paragraph (1) for the purpose of developing solutions to national security and defense problems articulated by entities within the Department, including through programs such as the Hacking for Defense program;
(6) to establish physical locations throughout the United States to support partnerships with academic, government, and private sector industry partners; and
(7) to enhance the capabilities of the Department in market research, industrial and technology base awareness, source selection, partnerships with private sector capital, and access to commercial technologies.
(b) AUTHORITIES.—In addition to the authorities provided under this section, in carrying out this section, the Secretary of Defense may use the following authorities:

(1) Section 1599g of title 10, United States Code, relating to public-private talent exchanges.
(2) Section 2368 of title 10, United States Code, relating to Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnerships.

10 USC 8013 note.
Deadline. Designation.

10 USC 4811 note.