134 STAT. 4552      PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                                  Regulations.
  
                           “(J) Promulgate regulations under section
                       5318(h)(4)(D), as appropriate, to implement the govern­
                       ment-wide anti-money laundering and countering the
                       financing of terrorism priorities established by the Sec­
                       retary of the Treasury under section 5318(h)(4)(A).
                             “(K) Communicate regularly with financial institutions
                       and Federal functional regulators that examine financial
                       institutions for compliance with subchapter II of chapter
                       53 and regulations promulgated under that subchapter and
                       law enforcement authorities to explain the United States
                       Government’s anti-money laundering and countering the
                       financing of terrorism priorities.
                             “(L) Give and receive feedback to and from financial
                       institutions, State bank supervisors, and State credit union
                       supervisors (as those terms are defined in section 6003
                       of the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020) regarding the
                       matters addressed in subchapter II of chapter 53 and regu­
                       lations promulgated under that subchapter.
                             “(M) Maintain money laundering and terrorist
                       financing investigation financial experts capable of identi­
                       fying, tracking, and analyzing financial crime networks
                       and identifying emerging threats to support Federal civil
                       and criminal investigations.
                             “(N) Maintain emerging technology experts to encour­
                       age the development of and identify emerging technologies
                       that can assist the United States Government and financial
                       institutions in countering money laundering and the
                       financing of terrorism.”
  
SEC. 6102. STRENGTHENING FINCEN.

      (a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that—
                        (1) the mission of FinCEN should be to ensure to safe­
                   guard the financial system from illicit activity, counter money
                   laundering and the financing of terrorism, and promote national
                   security through strategic use of financial authorities and the
                   collection, analysis, and dissemination of financial intelligence;
                        (2) in its mission to safeguard the financial system from
                   the abuses of financial crime, the United States should
                   prioritize working with partners in Federal, State, Local, Tribal,
                   and foreign law enforcement authorities;
                        (3) although the use and trading of virtual currencies are
                   legal practices, some terrorists and criminals, including
                   transnational criminal organizations, seek to exploit
                   vulnerabilities in the global financial system and increasingly
                   rely on substitutes for currency, including emerging payment
                   methods (such as virtual currencies), to move illicit funds;
                   and
                        (4) in carrying out its mission, FinCEN should ensure
                   that its efforts fully support countering the financing of ter­
                   rorism efforts, including making sure that steps to address
                   emerging methods of such illicit financing are high priorities.
      (b) EXPANDING INFORMATION SHARING WITH TRIBAL AUTHORI­
TIES.—Section 310(b)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is
amended—
                        (1) in subparagraphs (C), (E), and (F), by inserting “Tribal,”
                   after “local,” each place that term appears; and
                        (2) in subparagraph (C)(vi), by striking “international”.