PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                134 STAT. 3719

(3) The integration of mental health screenings and efforts relating to suicide risk and suicide prevention for covered mem- bers and their dependents into the delivery of primary care for such members and dependents.
(4) The standards for responding to attempted or completed suicides among covered members and their dependents, including guidance and training to assist commanders in addressing incidents of attempted or completed suicide that occur within their units.
(5) The standards regarding data collection for covered members and their dependents, including the collection of data on factors that relate to suicide, such as domestic violence and child abuse.
(6) The means used to ensure the protection of privacy of covered members and their dependents who seek or receive treatment relating to suicide prevention.
(7) The availability of information from indigenous popu- lations on suicide prevention for covered members who are members of such a population.
(8) The availability of information from graduate research programs of institutions of higher education on suicide preven- tion for members of the Armed Forces.
(9) Such other matters as the Comptroller General con- siders appropriate in connection with the prevention of suicide among covered members and their dependents. 
(c) BRIEFING AND REPORT.—The Comptroller General shall—
(1) not later than October 1, 2021, brief the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate on preliminary observations relating to the review under subsection (a); and Deadline.
(2) not later than March 1, 2022, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing the results of such review.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term ‘‘covered installation’’ means a remote instal- lation of the Department of Defense located outside the contig- uous United States.
(2) The term ‘‘covered member’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who is stationed at a covered installation.
SEC. 753. STUDY ON MEDEVAC HELICOPTERS AND AMBULANCES AT CERTAIN MILITARY INSTALLATIONS.

(a) STUDY.—Not later than one year after the date of the Reports. enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing a feasibility study on the use and maintenance of medical evacuation helicopters and ground ambulances at covered military installations.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) The requirements analysis that determines whether a medical evacuation helicopter and ground ambulance or similar vehicles are required at covered military installations.
(2) The frequency with which such helicopters and ambu- lances are inspected for maintenance and restocked with the required supplies and equipment.  Analysis.