PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4729

States to this emerging strategic choke point of increasing great power competition.
(e) ARCTIC DEFINED.—In this section, the term “Arctic” has the meaning given that term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111).

SEC. 8422. ARCTIC PARS NATIVE ENGAGEMENT.
The Commandant shall—
(1) engage directly with local coastal whaling and fishing communities in the Arctic region when conducting the Alaskan Arctic Coast Port Access Route Study, in accordance with chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, and as described in the notice of study published in the Federal Register on December 21, 2018 (83 Fed. Reg. 65701); and
(2) consider the concerns of the Arctic coastal community regarding any Alaskan Arctic Coast Port Access Route, including safety needs and concerns.

SEC. 8423. VOTING REQUIREMENT.
Section 305(1)(1)(G)(iv) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(1)(1)(G)(iv) is amended to read as follows:
“(iv) VOTING REQUIREMENT.—The panel may act only by the affirmative vote of at least 5 of its members, except that any decision made pursuant to the last sentence of subparagraph (C) shall require the unanimous vote of all 6 members of the panel.”.

SEC. 8424. REPORT ON THE ARCTIC CAPABILITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES.
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth the results of a study on the Arctic capabilities of the Armed Forces. The Secretary shall enter into a contract with an appropriate federally funded research and development center for the conduct of the study.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A comparison of the capabilities of the United States, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, and other countries operating in the Arctic, including an assessment of the ability of the navy of each such country to operate in varying sea-ice conditions.
(2) A description of commercial and foreign military surface forces currently operating in the Arctic in conditions inaccessible to Navy surface forces.
(3) An assessment of the potential security risk posed to Coast Guard forces by military forces of other countries operating in the Arctic in conditions inaccessible to Navy surface or aviation forces in the manner such forces currently operate.
(4) A comparison of the domain awareness capabilities of—
(A) Coast Guard forces operating alone; and
(B) Coast Guard forces operating in tandem with Navy surface and aviation forces and the surface and aviation forces of other allies.