134 STAT. 3714          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

relate to such hazards made by eligible individuals residing in privatized military housing; and

(7) make such recommendations as the Inspector General may have to improve the process specified in paragraph (4).

(c) CONDUCT OF AUDIT.—The Inspector General shall conduct the audit under subsection (a) using the same privacy preserving guidelines used by the Inspector General in conducting other audits of health records.

(d) SOURCE OF DATA.—In conducting the audit under subsection (a), the Inspector General shall use—

(1) de-identified data from electronic health records of the Department;

(2) records of claims under the TRICARE program; and

(3) such other data as determined necessary by the Inspector General.

(e) SUBMISSION AND PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORT.—Not later than one year after the commencement of the audit under subsection (a), the Inspector General shall—

(1) submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representa- tives a report on the results of the audit conducted under subsection (a), including any recommendations made under sub- section (b)(7); and

(2) publish such report on a publicly available internet website of the Department of Defense.

(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

(1) The term “eligible individual” means a member of the Armed Forces or a family member of a member of the Armed Forces who has resided in an unsafe or unhealthy housing unit.

(2) The term “privatized military housing” means military housing provided under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code.

(3) The term “TRICARE program” has the meaning given such term section 1072 of title 10, United States Code.

(4) The term “unsafe or unhealthy housing unit” means a unit of privatized military housing in which is present, at levels exceeding national standards or guidelines, at least one of the following hazards:

(A) Physiological hazards, including the following:

(i) Dampness or microbial growth.

(ii) Lead-based paint.

(iii) Asbestos or manmade fibers.

(iv) Ionizing radiation.

(v) Biocides.

(vi) Carbon monoxide.

(vii) Volatile organic compounds.

(viii) Infectious agents.

(ix) Fine particulate matter.

(B) Psychological hazards, including ease of access by unlawful intruders or lighting issues.

(C) Poor ventilation.

(D) Safety hazards.

(E) Other similar hazards as determined by the Inspector General.