134 STAT. 3796            PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

control with respect to the special operations-peculiar adminis- tration and support of the special operations command, including the readiness and organization of special operations forces, resources and equipment, and civilian personnel as speci- fied in such section.
    ‘‘(3) DIRECTOR.—The Director of the Secretariat for Special Operations shall be appointed by the Secretary of Defense from among individuals qualified to serve as the Director. An individual serving as Director shall, while so serving, be a member of the Senior Executive Service.
    ‘‘(4) ADMINISTRATIVE CHAIN OF COMMAND.—For purposes of the support of the Secretariat for the Assistant Secretary in the fulfillment of the responsibilities referred to in paragraph (1), the administrative chain of command is as specified in section 167(f) of this title. Unless otherwise directed by the President, no officer below the Secretary of Defense (other than the Assistant Secretary) may intervene to exercise authority, direction, or control over the Secretariat in its sup- port of the Assistant Secretary in the discharge of such respon- sibilities.
‘‘(b) SPECIAL OPERATIONS POLICY AND OVERSIGHT COUNCIL.—
    ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In order to fulfill the responsibilities specified in section 138(b)(2)(A)(i) of this title, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict shall establish and lead a team known as the ‘Special Operations Policy and Oversight Council’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Council’).
    ‘‘(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Council is to integrate the functional activities of the headquarters of the Department of Defense in order to most efficiently and effectively provide for special operations forces and capabilities. In fulfilling this purpose, the Council shall develop and continuously improve policy, joint processes, and procedures that facilitate the development, acquisition, integration, employment, and sustainment of special operations forces and capabilities.
    ‘‘(3) MEMBERSHIP.—The Council shall include the following:
        ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretary.
        ‘‘(B) Appropriate senior representatives of each of the following:
            ‘‘(i) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.
            ‘‘(ii) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi- tion and Sustainment.
            ‘‘(iii) The Under Secretary of Defense (Comp- troller).
            ‘‘(iv) The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.
            ‘‘(v) The Under Secretary of Defense for Intel- ligence.
            ‘‘(vi) The General Counsel of the Department of Defense.
            ‘‘(vii) The other Assistant Secretaries of Defense under the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.
            ‘‘(viii) The military departments.
            ‘‘(ix) The Joint Staff.
            ‘‘(x) The United States Special Operations Com- mand.