PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4357

“(3) With respect to each military installation for which 
amounts are made available to the installation commander under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall certify, not less fre- 
quently than annually for each fiscal year of the pilot program, 
to the congressional defense committees the following: 
“(A) The name of the installation and the amount of the 
cost savings achieved at the installation. 
“(B) The source and type of intergovernmental support 
agreement that achieved the cost savings. 
“(C) The amount of the cost savings made available to 
the installation commander under paragraph (1). 
“(D) The sustainment restoration and modernization pur- 
poses for which the amount made available under paragraph 
(1) were used. 
“(4) The authority to conduct the pilot program shall expire 
September 30, 2025.”. 
(b) PROMULGATION OF GUIDANCE.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense 
shall promulgate guidance for the development of the pilot program 
required by subsection (c) of section 2679 of title 10, United States 
Code, as added by subsection (a). 
10 USC 2679 
note. 
SEC. 2862. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PILOT PROGRAM TO EVALUATE 
EXPANSION OF LAND EXCHANGE AUTHORITY. 
(a) PILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED.—Section 2869(a) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following 
new paragraph: 
“(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program 
under which the Secretary concerned, during the term of the pilot 
program, may use the authority provided by paragraph (1) to also 
convey real property, including any improvements thereon, 
described in paragraph (2) to any person who agrees, in exchange 
for the real property, to provide— 
“(i) installation-support services (as defined in 2679(e) of 
this title); or 
“(ii) a new facility or improvements to an existing facility. 
“(B) The acquisition of a facility or improvements to an existing 
facility using the authority provided by subparagraph (A) shall 
not be treated as a military construction project for which an 
authorization is required by section 2802 of this title. 
“(C) The expanded conveyance authority provided by subpara- 
graph (A) applies only during the five-year period beginning on 
the date on which the Secretary of Defense issues guidance 
regarding the use by the Secretaries concerned of such authority.”. 
(b) CONDITIONS ON USE OF EXPANDED CONVEYANCE 
AUTHORITY.—Section 2869(b) of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)—
(A) in the first sentence, by striking “of the land to 
be” and inserting “of the real property, installation-support 
services, or facility or improvements to an existing facility”; 
and 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking “of the land 
is less than the fair market value of the real property 
to be conveyed” and inserting “of the real property conveyed 
by the Secretary concerned exceeds the fair market value