PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021               			134 STAT. 3493

(2) to document the completion of such course by 
an employee or member.
(d) INCENTIVES.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and 
implement incentives to encourage civilian employees of the Depart-
ment of Defense and members of the Armed Forces to complete 
online courses approved by the Secretary under subsection (a).
(e) METRICS.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop metrics 
to evaluate whether, and to what extent, the pilot program under 
this section improves the ability of participants—
(1) to perform job-related functions; and
(2) to execute relevant missions of the Department of 
Defense.
(f) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES DEFINED.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘advanced technologies’’ means technologies that the Secretary 
of Defense determines to be in high-demand within the Department 
of Defense and to which significant research and development 
efforts are devoted, including technologies such as artificial intel-
ligence, data science, machine learning, fifth-generation tele-
communications technology, and biotechnology.
(g) DEADLINE.—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out the 
activities described in subsections (a) through (e) not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(h) SUNSET.—This section shall terminate on October 1, 2024.

SEC. 249. PART-TIME AND TERM EMPLOYMENT OF UNIVERSITY FAC-
ULTY AND STUDENTS IN THE DEFENSE SCIENCE AND 
TECHNOLOGY ENTERPRISE.

(a) PROGRAM REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall 
establish a program under which opportunities for part-time and 
term employment are made available in the Defense science and 
technology enterprise for faculty and students of institutions of 
higher education for the purpose of enabling such faculty and stu-
dents to carry out research projects in accordance with subsection 
(b).
(b) RESEARCH PROJECTS.—
(1) FACULTY.—A faculty member who is employed in posi-
tion made available under subsection (a) shall, in the course 
of such employment, carry out a research project that—
(A) relates to a topic in the field of science, technology, 
engineering, or mathematics; and
(B) contributes to the objectives of the Department 
of Defense, as determined by the Secretary of Defense.
(2) STUDENTS.—A student employed in position made avail-
able under subsection (a) shall assist a faculty member with 
a research project described in paragraph (1).
(c) SELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS.—The Secretary of Defense, 
acting through the heads of participating organizations in the 
Defense science and technology enterprise, shall select individuals 
for participation in the program under subsection (a) as follows:
(1) Faculty members shall be selected for participation 
on the basis of—
(A) the academic credentials and research experience 
of the faculty member; and
(B) the extent to which the research proposed to be 
carried out by the faculty member will contribute to the 
objectives of the Department of Defense.
10 USC 4001
note.
Deadline.