134 STAT. 3444          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

  (2) SUNSET.—The requirement in paragraph (1) shall expire
on the later of—
  (A) the date on which the Special Federal Aviation
  Regulation Working Group submits to the appropriate
  committees of Congress the report required by subsection
  (c)(1); and
  (B) the date on which the Secretary fully implements
  the recommendations contained in that report.
  (e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
    (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means—
      (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-
      mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the
      Senate; and
      (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-
      mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House
      of Representatives.
    (2) The term ‘‘Special Federal Aviation Regulation Working
    Group’’ means the working group established pursuant to sec-
    tion 1748 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
    Year 2020.

SEC. 155. INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ASSESSMENT.

(a) CERTIFICATION ON DIRECTIVE OF IAMD RESPONSIBILITIES 
    AND AUTHORITIES.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the
    enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination
    with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Secretaries
    of the military departments, certify that Department of Defense
    Directive 5100.01 is current and accurate with respect to integrated
    air and missile defense (IAMD) responsibilities and authorities
    in support of joint and combined land, sea, air, space and special 
    forces operations, and in obtaining and maintaining air superiority 
    or supremacy as required.
(b) IAMD ASSESSMENT BY CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS
    OF STAFF.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
    Staff shall, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military
    departments and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency,
    conduct a comprehensive classified assessment of threats to,
    and capabilities and capacities of, current and planned
    integrated air and missile defense technologies and force struc-
    ture to meet the requirements of the combatant commands
    in support of the National Defense Strategy.
    (2) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required by paragraph (1)
    shall include the following:
    (A) Characterization and analysis of current and
    emerging threats, including the following:
        (i) Cruise, hypersonic, and ballistic missiles.
        (ii) Unmanned aerial systems.
        (iii) Rockets and other indirect fire.
        (iv) Specific and meaningfully varied examples
        within each of clauses (i) through (iii).
    (B) Analysis of current and planned integrated air
    and missile defense capabilities to counter the threats
    characterized and analyzed under subparagraph (A),
    including the following:
        (i) Projected timelines for development, procure-
        ment, and fielding of needed capabilities to defend