PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4723

cargoes as mandated by the United States Cargo Preference
Laws.

SEC. 8405. TOWING VESSEL INSPECTION FEES REVIEW.

Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this
Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate—
(1) the results of the review required under section 815
     of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018
     (Public Law 115–282); and
(2) a copy of any regulation required pursuant to section
     815(b) of such Act to establish specific inspection fees for such
     vessels.

Subtitle B—Maritime Domain Awareness

SEC. 8411. UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS AND SATELLITE VESSEL
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.

(a) ASSESSMENT.—The Commandant, acting through the Blue
Technology Center of Expertise, shall regularly assess available
unmanned maritime systems and satellite vessel tracking technologies for potential use to support missions of the Coast Guard.
(b) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date
    of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the
    Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation
    and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the
    Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the
    Senate a report on the actual and potential effects of the
    use of then-existing unmanned maritime systems and satellite
    vessel tracking technologies on the mission effectiveness of
    the Coast Guard.
(2) CONTENTS.—Each report submitted under paragraph 
    (1) shall include the following:
    (A) An inventory of current unmanned maritime systems used by the Coast Guard, an overview of such usage,
        and a discussion of the mission effectiveness of such sys-
        tems, including any benefits realized or risks or negative
        aspects of such usage.
    (B) An inventory of satellite vessel tracking technologies, and a discussion of the potential mission effective-
        ness of such technologies, including any benefits or risks
        or negative aspects of such usage.
    (C) A prioritized list of Coast Guard mission require-
        ments that could be met with additional unmanned mari-
        time systems, or with satellite vessel tracking technologies,
        and the estimated costs of accessing, acquiring, or operating
        such systems, taking into consideration the interoperability
        of such systems with the current and future fleet of—
        (i) National Security Cutters;
        (ii) Fast Response Cutters;
        (iii) Offshore Patrol Cutters;
        (iv) Polar Security Cutters; and