PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3851

SEC. 1055. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL OCEANOGRAPHIC PART-
NERSHIP PROGRAM.
(a) NATIONAL OCEANOGRAPHIC PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM.—Sec-
tion 8931 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read
as follows: 
“SEC. 8931. NATIONAL OCEANOGRAPHIC PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM.
“(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of the Navy shall establish
a program to be known as the ‘National Oceanographic Partnership
Program’.
“(b) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the program are as follows:
“(1) To promote the national goals of assuring national
security, advancing economic development, protecting quality
of life, ensuring environmental stewardship, and strengthening
science education and communication through improved knowl-
edge of the ocean.
“(2) To coordinate and strengthen oceanographic efforts
in support of those goals by—
“(A) creating and carrying out partnerships among Fed-
eral agencies, academia, industry, and other members of
the oceanographic community in the areas of science, data,
technology development, resources, education, and commu-
nication; and
“(B) accepting, planning, and executing oceanographic
research projects funded by grants, contracts, cooperative
agreements, or other vehicles as appropriate, that con-
tribute to assuring national security, advancing economic
development, protecting quality of life, ensuring environ-
mental stewardship, and strengthening science education
and communication through improved knowledge of the
ocean.”.
(b) OCEAN POLICY COMMITTEE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 8932 of such title is amended—
(A) by striking subsections (a) through (f);
(B) by inserting the following new subsections (a)
through (e):
“(a) COMMITTEE.—There is established an Ocean Policy Com-
mittee (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Committee’). The Committee
shall retain broad and inclusive membership.
“(b) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Committee shall—
“(1) continue the activities of that Committee as it was
in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2021;
“(2) engage and collaborate, pursuant to existing laws and
regulations, with stakeholders, including regional ocean part-
nerships, to address ocean-related matters that may require
interagency or intergovernmental solutions;
“(3) facilitate coordination and integration of Federal activi-
ties in ocean and coastal waters to inform ocean policy and
identify priority ocean research, technology, and data needs;
and
“(4) prescribe policies and procedures to implement the
National Oceanographic Partnership Program, including devel-
oping guidelines for review, selection, identification, and
approval of partnership projects, in conjunction with Federal