PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3445

against current and anticipated threats, based on intelligence assessments of such threats.
(ii) Projected capability and capacity gaps in addressing the threats characterized and assessed under subparagraph (A), including a delineation of unfulfilled integrated air and missile defense requirements by combatant command.
(iii) Risk assessment of projected capability and capacity gaps addressing integrated air and missile defense requirements of the combatant commands and the National Defense Strategy.
(iv) Opportunities for acceleration or need for incorporation of interim capabilities to address current and projected gaps.
(v) Opportunities to leverage allied contributions for integrated air and missile defense capabilities and capacities to meet requirements of the combatant commands.
(C) Assessment of the integrated air and missile defense command, control, and intelligence systems and architecture, including the following:
(i) A description of the integrated air and missile defense architecture, and the component counter unmanned aerial system (C–UAS) sub-architecture of such architecture.
(ii) Identification of the critical command and control (C2) systems.
(iii) Integration or interoperability of the command and control systems.
(iv) Integration, interoperability, or compatibility of the command and control systems with planned Joint All Domain Command and Control (JADC2) architecture.
(3) CHARACTERIZATION.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out the assessment required by paragraph (1), the Chairman shall clearly, on a technical and operational basis, distinguish between distinctly different threats in the same general class.
(B) EXAMPLE.—The Chairman shall, for example, ensure that the assessment is not limited to a broad characterization, such as ‘‘cruise missiles’’, since such characterization does not sufficiently distinguish between current cruise missiles and emerging hypersonic cruise missiles, which may require different capabilities to counter them.
(4) INTERIM BRIEFING AND REPORT.—
(A) INTERIM BRIEFING.—NOT later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the assessment under paragraph (1).
(B) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the assessment conducted under paragraph (1).