134 STAT. 3636          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(E) The total number of referrals described in paragraph (1)(F).
(3) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
(A) The term “appropriate congressional committees” means—
(i) the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and
(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives.
(B) The term “covered Armed Force” means an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department.
(C) The term “prohibited activity” means an activity prohibited under Department of Defense Instruction 1325.06, titled “Handling Dissident and Protest Activities Among Members of the Armed Forces”, or any successor instruction.

SEC. 555. POLICY TO IMPROVE RESPONSES TO PREGNANCY AND CHILDBIRTH BY CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.

(a) POLICY REQUIRED.—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall develop a policy to ensure that the career of a member of the Armed Forces is not unduly affected because the member is a covered member. The policy shall address the following:
(1) Enforcement and implementation of the applicable requirements of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act (Public Law 95-555; 42 U.S.C. 2000e(k)).
(2) The need for individual determinations regarding the ability of members of the Armed Forces to serve during and after pregnancy.
(3) Responses to the effects specific to covered members who reintegrate into home life after deployment.
(4) Education and training on pregnancy discrimination to diminish stigma, stereotypes, and negative perceptions regarding covered members, including with regards to commitment to the Armed Forces and abilities.
(5) Opportunities to maintain readiness when positions are unfilled due to pregnancy, medical conditions arising from pregnancy or childbirth, pregnancy convalescence, or parental leave.
(6) Reasonable accommodations for covered members in general and specific accommodations based on career field or military occupational specialty.
(7) Consideration of deferments at military educational institutions for covered members.
(8) Extended assignments and performance reporting periods for covered members.
(9) A mechanism by which covered members may report harassment or discrimination, including retaliation, relating to being a covered member.
(b) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives—