PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4721

(A) on a vessel response plan under part 155 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, on the date of approval of the vessel response plan; or

(B) by name or reference in the vessel response plan’s geographic-specific appendix on the date of approval of the vessel response plan.
(d) LIMITATIONS.—A vessel exempted under subsection (b) is subject to the following operating limitations:

(1) The voyage of a vessel described in subsection (b)(1)(A) shall—
(A) be less than 12 hours in total duration;
(B) originate and end in the inspection zone of a single Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection; and
(C) occur no further than 10 nautical miles from the Boundary Line.
(2) The voyage of a vessel described in subsection (b)(1)(B) shall—
(A) originate and end in the inspection zone of a single Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection; and
(B) either—
(i) in the case of a voyage in the territorial waters of Alaska, Guam, Hawaii, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands, have sufficient manning as determined by the Secretary; or
(ii) be less than 12 hours.

(e) SAFETY.—
(1) SAFETY RESTRICTIONS.—The Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection for an inspection zone may restrict operations under the interim exemption provided under subsection (b) for safety purposes.
(2) COMPREHENSIVE LISTS.—The Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection for an inspection zone shall maintain and periodically update a comprehensive list of all towing vessels described in subsection (c) that operate in the inspection zone.
(3) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 24 hours prior to intended operations outside of the Boundary Line, a towing vessel exempted under subsection (b) shall notify the Office in Charge, Marine Inspection for the inspection zone of such operations. Such notification shall include—
(A) the date, time, and length of voyage;
(B) a crew list, with each crew member’s credentials and work hours; and
(C) an attestation from the master of the towing vessel that the vessel has sufficient manning and lifesaving equipment for all persons on board.

(f) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall brief the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives regarding the following:
(1) The impacts of the interim exemption provided under this section.
(2) Any safety concerns regarding the expiration of such interim exemption.
(3) Whether such interim exemption should be extended.