134 STAT. 4050           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

optical, infrared, synthetic aperture radar, hyperspectral, and radio frequency, data.
		(2) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means—
			(A) the congressional defense committees;
			(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and
			(C) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
		(3) The term ‘‘commercial geospatial-intelligence services’’ means services including analytic tools, products, or data that can describe, assess, and visually depict natural or manmade features, objects, or activities that can be geographically referenced on the Earth, regardless of collection phenomenology.
		(4) The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).
Deadlines.
Consultations.
President.
Time period.
SEC. 1613. STRATEGY TO STRENGTHEN CIVIL AND NATIONAL SECURITY CAPABILITIES AND OPERATIONS IN SPACE.

	(a) STRATEGY REQUIRED.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, in consultation with the National Space Council, shall develop a strategy to ensure that the United States, as appropriate, strengthens civil and national security capabilities and operations in space. Such strategy shall include—
		(1) a 10-year roadmap for the civil space programs that is able to leverage commercial gains in space capabilities;
		(2) increasing partnerships with allies of the United States;
		(3) ensuring a robust and secure supply chain and manufacturing processes for space capabilities while sustaining a skilled workforce and leadership capabilities in support of such activities;
		(4) ensuring freedom of navigation of space from potential adversaries; and
		(5) enhancing resilience of civil and national security space operations.
	(b) SUBMISSION OF STRATEGY AND PLAN.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chair of the National Space Council, in consultation with relevant departments and agencies of the Federal Government, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report setting forth—
		(1) the strategy under subsection (a); and
		(2) a plan to implement such strategy.
	(c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means—
		(1) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives;
		(2) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives;
		(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives;
		(4) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives;
		(5) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives;