PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4703

(7) in subparagraph (I), by inserting “and entities providing environmental protection, compliance, or response services to the offshore industry” after “national environmental entities”; and
(8) in subparagraph (J), by striking “deepwater ports” and inserting “entities engaged in offshore oil exploration and production on the Outer Continental Shelf adjacent to Alaska”.
(b) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS.—Section 15109 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting “or to which this chapter applies” after “committee established under this chapter” each place it appears.

SEC. 8332. MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE.

(a) MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE.—Chapter 555 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

“§ 55502. Maritime Transportation System National Advisory Committee

“(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established a Maritime Transportation System National Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’).
“(b) FUNCTION.—The Committee shall advise the Secretary of Transportation on matters relating to the United States maritime transportation system and its seamless integration with other segments of the transportation system, including the viability of the United States Merchant Marine.
“(c) MEMBERSHIP.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Committee shall consist of 27 members appointed by the Secretary of Transportation in accordance with this section and section 15109.
“(2) EXPERTISE.—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee.
“(3) REPRESENTATION.—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows:
“(A) At least one member shall represent the Environmental Protection Agency.
“(B) At least one member shall represent the Department of Commerce.
“(C) At least one member shall represent the Corps of Engineers.
“(D) At least one member shall represent the Coast Guard.
“(E) At least one member shall represent Customs and Border Protection.
“(F) At least one member shall represent State and local governmental entities.
“(G) Additional members shall represent private sector entities that reflect a cross-section of maritime industries, including port and water stakeholders, academia, and labor.
“(H) The Secretary may appoint additional representatives from other Federal agencies as the Secretary considers appropriate.