134 STAT. 3696            PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Time period.
    “may not realign or reduce military medical end strength
authorizations during the 180 days following the date of the
enactment of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021, and after such
period, may not realign or reduce such authorizations unless’’;
and
    (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting before the period at
the end the following: ‘‘, including with respect to both the
homeland defense mission and pandemic influenza’’.
SEC. 718. MODIFICATIONS TO IMPLEMENTATION PLAN FOR RESTRUC-
TURE OR REALIGNMENT OF MILITARY MEDICAL TREAT-
MENT FACILITIES.
Section 703(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2199) is amended—
    (1) in paragraph (2), by striking subparagraph (D) and
inserting the following new subparagraph:
    ‘‘(D) A description of how the Secretary will carry out
subsection (b), including, with respect to each affected mili-
tary medical treatment facility, a description of—
        ‘‘(i) the elements required for health care providers
    to accept and transition covered beneficiaries to the
purchased care component of the TRICARE program;
        ‘‘(ii) a method to monitor and report on quality
benchmarks for the beneficiary population that will
be required to transition to such component of the
TRICARE program; and
        ‘‘(iii) a process by which the Director of the Defense
Health Agency will ensure that such component of
the TRICARE program has the required capacity.’’; and
    (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
    ‘‘(4) NOTICE AND WAIT.—The Secretary may not implement
the plan under paragraph (1) unless—
        ‘‘(A) the Secretary has submitted the plan to the
congressional defense committees;
        ‘‘(B) the Secretary has certified to the congressional
defense committees that, pursuant to subsection (b), if a
proposed restructure, realignment, or modification will
eliminate the ability of a covered beneficary to access
health care services at a military medical treatment facility,
the covered beneficiary will be able to access such health
care services through the purchased care component of
the TRICARE program; and
        ‘‘(C) a 180-day period has elapsed following the later
of—
            ‘‘(i) the date on which the congressional defense
committees have received both the implementation
plan under subparagraph (A) and the notice of certifi-
cation under subparagraph (B); or
            ‘‘(ii) the date of the enactment of the William M.
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2021.’’.
 10 USC 1074g
 note.  SEC. 719. POLICY TO ADDRESS PRESCRIPTION OPIOID SAFETY.
   (a) REQUIREMENT.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a
policy and tracking mechanism to monitor and provide oversight