134 STAT. 4842

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

after submision of the report, consistent with the lending eligibility criteria of the IBRD.
    (3) WAIVER OF REQUIREMENT THAT REPORT INCLUDE ACTION 
PLAN.—The Secretary of the Treasury may waive the require-
ment of paragraph (2)(D) on reporting to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate that the waiver is important to the national interest of the United States, with a detailed explanation of the reasons therefor.

Assessments.
Deadline.
Consultation.
Classified information.

(c) ENSURING DEBT TRANSPARENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE BELT AND ROAD INITIATIVE.—Within 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report (which should be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex) that includes the following:
    (1) An assessment of the level of indebtedness of countries receiving assistance through the Belt and Road Initiative that are also beneficiary countries of the international financial institutions, including the level and nature of indebtedness to the People’s Republic of China or an entity owned or con-trolled by the government of the People’s Republic of China.
    (2) An analysis of debt management assistance provided by the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, and the Office of Technical Assistance of the Department of the Treasury to borrowing countries of the Belt and Road Initiative of the People’s Republic of China (or any comparable initiative or successor initiative of China).
    (3) An assessment of the effectiveness of United States efforts, including bilateral efforts and multilateral efforts, at the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, other inter-national financial institutions and international organizations to promote debt transparency.

22 USC 262p–4n note.

SEC. 9724. FAIRNESS FOR TAIWAN NATIONALS REGARDING EMPLOY-MENT AT INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that—
    (1) Taiwan is responsible for remarkable achievements in economic and democratic development, with its per capita gross domestic product rising in purchasing power parity terms from $3,470 in 1980 to more than $55,000 in 2018;
    (2) the experience of Taiwan in creating a vibrant and advanced economy under democratic governance and the rule of law can inform the work of the international financial institu-tions, including through the contributions and insights of Taiwan nationals; and
    (3) Taiwan nationals who seek employment at the inter-national financial institutions should not be held at a disadvan-tage in hiring because the economic success of Taiwan has rendered it ineligible for financial assistance from such institu-tions.
(b) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director at each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to seek to ensure that Taiwan nationals are not discriminated against