134 STAT. 3686       PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Sec.  743. Extension of authority for Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund.
Sec.  744. Military Health System Clinical Quality Management Program.
Sec.  745. Wounded Warrior Service Dog Program.
Sec.  746. Extramedical maternal health providers demonstration project.
Sec.  747. Briefing on diet and nutrition of members of the Armed Forces.
Sec.  748. Audit of medical conditions of residents in privatized military housing.
Sec.  749. Assessment of receipt by civilians of emergency medical treatment at military medical treatment facilities.
Sec.  750. Study on the incidence of cancer diagnosis and mortality among military aviators and aviation support personnel.
Sec.  751. Study on exposure to toxic substances at Karshi-Khanabad Air Base, Uzbekistan.
Sec.  752. Review and report on prevention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces stationed at remote installations outside the contiguous United States.
Sec.  753. Study on medevac helicopters and ambulances at certain military installations.
Sec.  754. Comptroller General study on prenatal and postpartum mental health conditions among members of the Armed Forces and their dependents.
Sec.  755. Report on lapses in TRICARE coverage for members of the National Guard and reserve components.
Sec.  756. Study and report on increasing telehealth services across Armed Forces.
Sec.  757. Study on force mix options and service models to enhance readiness of medical force of the Armed Forces.
Sec.  758. Report on billing practices for health care from Department of Defense.
Subtitle E—Mental Health Services From Department of Veterans Affairs for Members of Reserve Components
Sec.  761. Short title.
Sec.  762. Expansion of eligibility for readjustment counseling and related outpatient services from Department of Veterans Affairs to include members of reserve components of the Armed Forces.
Sec.  763. Provision of mental health services from Department of Veterans Affairs to members of reserve components of the Armed Forces.
Sec.  764. Inclusion of members of reserve components in mental health programs of Department of Veterans Affairs.
Sec.  765. Report on mental health and related services provided by Department of Veterans Affairs to members of the Armed Forces.
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health 
     Care Benefits SEC. 701. IMPROVEMENT TO BREAST CANCER SCREENING.
Section 1074d(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including through the use of digital breast tomosynthesis’’.
SEC. 702. WAIVER OF FEES CHARGED TO CERTAIN CIVILIANS FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL TREATMENT PROVIDED AT MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILITIES.
Section 1079b of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c); and
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection (b):
‘‘(b) WAIVER OF FEES.—The Secretary may waive a fee that would otherwise be charged under the procedures implemented under subsection (a) to a civilian who is not a covered beneficiary if—
‘‘(1) the civilian is unable to pay for the costs of the trauma or other medical care provided to the civilian (including any such costs remaining after the Secretary receives payment from an insurer for such care, as applicable); and