PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4015

(d) REPORTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 15 each year through 2025, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on any actions taken by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to the requirements in subsection (a)(1).
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A description of any science and technology effort or research, development, test, and evaluation effort considered, facilitated, or recommended by the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group, including any effort that results in a United States or Israel program of record.
(B) A description of military capabilities the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group has determined should be pursued through a defense cooperation effort between the Government of the United States and the Government of Israel.
(C) A description of any science and technology effort or research, development, test, and evaluation effort facilitated and recommended by the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group, in support of the development of the military capabilities referred to in subparagraph (B), including any effort that results in a United States or Israel program of record.
(D) A description of any obstacle or challenge associated with an effort described in subparagraph (B) and the plan of the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group to address such obstacle or challenge.
(E) A description of the efforts of the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group to prevent the People’s Republic of China or the Russian Federation from obtaining intellectual property or military technology associated with combined United States and Israel science and technology efforts and research, development, test, and evaluation efforts.
(F) A list of potential areas the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group is considering for cooperation on defense issues.
(G) A description of any authority or authorization of appropriations required for the United States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory Group to carry out the purposes described in subsection (a)(1).
(3) FORM.—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form and shall include a classified annex in which the elements required under subparagraphs (B) and (E) of paragraph (2) and any additional classified information, as determined by the Secretary of Defense, shall be addressed.

(e) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means—
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and