PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	                                         134 STAT. 3849

SEC. 1052. EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
CLANDESTINE ACTIVITIES THAT SUPPORT OPERATIONAL 
PREPARATION OF THE ENVIRONMENT.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting after section 127e the following new section:

‘‘§ 127f. Expenditure of funds for clandestine activities that 
support operational preparation of the environment

‘‘(a) AUTHORITY.—Subject to subsections (b) through (d), the 
Secretary of Defense may expend up to $15,000,000 in any fiscal year for clandestine activities for any purpose the Secretary deter- 
mines to be proper for preparation of the environment for operations of a confidential nature. Such a determination is final and conclu- 
sive upon the accounting officers of the United States. The Secretary 
may certify the amount of any such expenditure authorized by 
the Secretary that the Secretary considers advisable not to specify, 
and the Secretary’s certificate is sufficient voucher for the expendi- 
ture of that amount.

‘‘(b) FUNDS.—Funds for expenditures under this section in a 
fiscal year shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appro- 
priated for that fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Defense- 
wide.

‘‘(c) LIMITATION ON DELEGATION.—The Secretary of Defense 
may not delegate the authority under this section with respect 
to any expenditure in excess of $250,000.

‘‘(d) EXCLUSION OF INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES.—(1) This section 
does not constitute authority to conduct, or expend funds for, intel- 
ligence, counterintelligence, or intelligence-related activities.

‘‘(2) In this subsection, the terms ‘intelligence’ and ‘counterintel- ligence’ have the meaning given those terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).

‘‘(e) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than December 31 each year, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report on expenditures made under this section during 
the fiscal year preceding the year in which the report is submitted.
Each report shall include, for each expenditure under this section 
during the fiscal year covered by such report—

‘‘(1) the amount and date of such expenditure;
‘‘(2) a detailed description of the purpose for which such 
expenditure was made;
‘‘(3) an explanation why other authorities available to the 
Department of Defense could not be used for such expenditure;
and
‘‘(4) any other matters the Secretary considers appro- 
priate.’’.

10 USC 127f.

Determination.

Certification.

Definitions.