134 STAT. 4562             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

antiquities, subject to regulations prescribed by the Secretary.’’;
            (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 5312(a)(2)(Y) of title 31,
   United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall take
   effect on the effective date of the final rules issued by the
   Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to subsection (b).
31 USC 5312
note.
31 USC 5312
note.
Deadline.
   (b) RULEMAKING.—
             (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 360 days after the date
   of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
   issue proposed rules to carry out the amendments made by
   subsection (a).
             (2) CONSIDERATIONS.—Before issuing a proposed rule under
   paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Treasury (acting through
   the Director of the FinCEN), in coordination with the Federal
   Bureau of Investigation, the Attorney General, and Homeland
   Security Investigations, shall consider—
                   (A) the appropriate scope for the rulemaking, including
   determining which persons should be subject to the rule-
   making, by size, type of business, domestic or international
   geographical locations, or otherwise;
Coordination.
Determination.
                   (B) the degree to which the regulations should focus
   on high-value trade in antiquities, and on the need to
   identify the actual purchasers of such antiquities, in addi-
   tion to the agents or intermediaries acting for or on behalf
   of such purchasers;
                   (C) the need, if any, to identify persons who are dealers,
   advisors, consultants, or any other persons who engage
   as a business in the trade in antiquities;
                   (D) whether thresholds should apply in determining
   which persons to regulate;
                   (E) whether certain exemptions should apply to the
   regulations; and
                   (F) any other matter the Secretary determines appro-
   priate.
              (c) STUDY OF THE FACILITATION OF MONEY LAUNDERING AND
      TERROR FINANCE THROUGH THE TRADE IN WORKS OF ART.—The
Coordination.
Analyses.
      Secretary, in coordination with the Director of the Federal Bureau
      of Investigation, the Attorney General, and the Secretary of Home-
      land Security, shall perform a study of the facilitation of money
      laundering and the financing of terrorism through the trade in
      works of art, including an analysis of—
          (1) the extent to which the facilitation of money laundering
      and terror finance through the trade in works of art may
      enter or affect the financial system of the United States,
      including any qualitative or quantitative data or statistics;
          (2) an evaluation of which markets, by size, entity type,
      domestic or international geographical locations, or otherwise,
      should be subject to any regulations;
Evaluation.
          (3) the degree to which the regulations, if any, should
      focus on high-value trade in works of art, and on the need
      to identify the actual purchasers of such works, in addition
      to the agents or intermediaries acting for or on behalf of such
      purchasers;
          (4) the need, if any, to identify persons who are dealers,
      advisors, consultants, or any other persons who engage as
      a business in the trade in works of art;