134 STAT. 3662              PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

SEC. 589F. STUDY ON CYBEREXPLOITATION AND ONLINE DECEPTION
                        OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMI-
                        LIES.
Deadline.            (a) STUDY.—Not later than 150 days after the date of the
                        enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall complete
                        a study on—
                              (1) the cyberexploitation of the personal information and 
                             accounts of members of the Armed Forces and their families;
                             and
                              (2) the risks of deceptive online targeting of members and
                              their families.
Assessments.   (b) ELEMENTS.—The study under subsection (a) shall include 
                       the following:
                              (1) An assessment of predatory loans, other financial prod-
                             ucts, or educational products being targeted to members of
                             the Armed Forces and their families.
                              (2) An assessment of unproven or unnecessary medical
                              treatments or procedures being targeted to members and their
                              families.
                              (3) An assessment of ethnic or racial violent extremism
                              messages targeting members and their families.
                              (4) An assessment of the ways in which social media algo-
                              rithms may amplify the targeting described in paragraphs (1)
                             through (3).
                              (5) An intelligence assessment of the threat currently posed
                              by foreign government and non-state actors carrying out the
                             cyberexploitation of members and their families, including
                              generalized assessments as to—
                                           (A) whether such cyberexploitation is a substantial
                                           threat as compared to other means of information warfare;
                                           and
                                           (B) whether such cyberexploitation is an increasing
                                            threat.
Analysis.              (6) A case-study analysis of three known occurrences of
                              attempted cyberexploitation against members and their fami-
                              lies, including assessments of the vulnerability and the ultimate
                              consequences of the attempted cyberexploitation.
                              (7) A description of the actions taken by the Department
                              of Defense to educate members and their families, including
                             particularly vulnerable subpopulations, about any actions that
                              can be taken to reduce cyberexploitation threats.
                              (8) An intelligence assessment of the threat posed by for-
                              eign government and non-state actors creating or using
                              machine-manipulated media (commonly referred to as ‘‘deep
                              fakes’’) featuring members and their families, including gener-
                              alized assessments of—
                                           (A) the maturity of the technology used in the creation
                                           of such media; and
                                           (B) how such media has been used or might be used
                                           to conduct information warfare.
Recommendations.  (9) Recommendations for policy changes to reduce the
                          vulnerability of members of the Armed Forces and their families
                          to cyberexploitation and deception, including recommendations
                          for legislative or administrative action.
Report.              (c) REPORT.—
                              (1) REQUIREMENT.—The Secretary shall submit to the
                              Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives