PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
(E) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives.

(2) EXPERTISE.—In making appointments under this subsection, consideration should be given to individuals with expertise in public and private-sector acquisition, sustainment, and logistics policy in aviation, ground, maritime systems, and space systems and their related components.

(3) APPOINTMENT DATE.—The appointment of the members of the panel shall be made not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.

(c) DUTIES.—The panel shall—
(1) review the weapon system sustainment ecosystem from development, production, and sustainment of the weapon system through use in the field, depot and field-level maintenance, modification, and disposal with a goal of—
(A) maximizing the availability and mission capabilities of weapon systems;
(B) reducing overall life-cycle costs of weapon systems during fielding, operation and sustainment; and
(C) aligning weapon system sustainment functions to the most recent national defense strategy submitted pursuant to section 113 of title 10, United States Code; and
(2) using the information from the review of the weapon system sustainment ecosystem, make recommendations related to statutory, regulatory, policy, or operational best practices the panel considers necessary.

(d) REPORT.—
(1) INTERIM REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date on which all members of the panel have been appointed, the panel shall provide to the Secretary of Defense and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the interim findings and recommendations of the panel.

(2) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after the date on which all members of the panel have been appointed, the panel shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report setting forth a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the panel as a result of the review described in subsection (c), together with such recommendations related to statutory, regulatory, policy, or operational practices as the panel considers appropriate in light of the results of the review.

(e) ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall provide the panel with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, analysis, and logistics support so that the panel may conduct a thorough and independent assessment as required under this section.

(2) EFFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY APPOINTMENT DATE.—If any member has not been appointed by the date specified in subsection (b)(3), the authority to appoint such member under subsection (b)(1) shall expire, and the number of members of the panel shall be reduced by the number equal to the number of appointments not so made.

(3) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT; VACANCIES.—Members of the panel shall be appointed for the duration of the panel. Any