PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3583

for which the person served in that position while in the next lower grade. The period credited may not include any period before the date on which the Senate provides advice and consent for the appointment of that person in the recommended grade.

“(7) OFFICERS QUALIFIED FOR FEDERAL RECOGNITION SERVING IN CERTAIN GRADE BEFORE APPOINTMENT.—To the extent authorized by the Secretary of the military department concerned, a person who, after having been found qualified for Federal recognition in a higher grade by a board under section 307 of title 32, serves in a position for which that grade is the minimum authorized grade and is appointed as a reserve officer in that grade may be credited for the purposes of paragraph (1) as having served in that grade. The period of the service for which credit is afforded under the preceding sentence may be only the period for which the person served in the position after the Senate provides advice and consent for the appointment.

“(8) RETIREMENT IN NEXT LOWEST GRADE FOR OFFICERS NOT MEETING SERVICE-IN-GRADE REQUIREMENTS.—A person Determination.
whose length of service in the highest grade held does not meet the service-in-grade requirements specified in this subsection shall be credited with satisfactory service in the next lower grade in which that person served satisfactorily (as determined by the Secretary of the military department concerned) for not less than six months.

“(d) OFFICERS IN O–9 AND O–10 GRADES.—

“(1) IN GENERAL.—A person covered by this section in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps who is serving or has served in a position of importance and responsibility designated by the President to carry the grade of lieutenant general or general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or vice admiral or admiral in the Navy under section 601 of this title may be retired in such grade under subsection (a) only after the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the President and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that the officer served satisfactorily in such grade.

“(2) PROHIBITION ON DELEGATION.—The authority of Certification.
the Secretary of Defense to make a certification with respect to an officer under paragraph (1) may not be delegated.

“(3) REQUIREMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH CERTIFICATION.— A certification with respect to an officer under paragraph (1) shall—

“(A) be submitted by the Secretary of Defense such Deadline.
that it is received by the President and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 60 days prior to the date on which the officer will be retired in the grade concerned;

“(B) include an up-to-date copy of the military biography of the officer; and

“(C) include the statement of the Secretary as to whether or not potentially adverse, adverse, or reportable information regarding the officer was considered by the Secretary in making the certification.

“(4) CONSTRUCTION WITH OTHER NOTICE.—In the case of an officer under paragraph (1) who is eligible to be credited with service in a grade only by reason of the exercise of the
