PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021         134 STAT. 3685

                                         (2) An analysis of the modes of communication used by
                                     Stars and Stripes.
                                         (3) An analysis of potential reduced operations of Stars
                                     and Stripes.
                                         (4) An analysis of the operation of Stars and Stripes solely
                                     as a non-appropriated fund entity.
                                         (5) An analysis of operating Stars and Stripes as a category
                                     B morale, welfare, and recreation entity.
                                         (6) An assessment of the value of the availability of Stars
                                     and Stripes (in print or an electronic version) to deployed
                                     or overseas members of the Armed Forces.        Assessment.

                          TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS

                            Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits

Sec. 701. Improvement to breast cancer screening.
Sec. 702. Waiver of fees charged to certain civilians for emergency medical treat-
                  ment provided at military medical treatment facilities.
Sec. 703. Authority for Secretary of Defense to manage provider type referral and
                  supervision requirements under TRICARE program.
Sec. 704. Expansion of benefits available under TRICARE Extended Care Health
                  Option program.
Sec. 705. Sale of hearing aids for dependents of certain members of the reserve
                  components.
Sec. 706. Pilot program on receipt of non-generic prescription maintenance medica-
                  tions under TRICARE pharmacy benefits program.

                         Subtitle B—Health Care Administration

Sec. 711. Repeal of administration of TRICARE dental plans through Federal Em-
                  ployees Dental and Vision Insurance Program.
Sec. 712. Protection of the Armed Forces from infectious diseases.
Sec. 713. Inclusion of drugs, biological products, and critical medical supplies in na-
                 tional security strategy for national technology and industrial base.
Sec. 714. Contract authority of the Uniformed Services University of the Health 
                 Sciences.
Sec. 715. Membership of Board of Regents of Uniformed Services University of the
                 Health Sciences.
Sec. 716. Temporary exemption for Uniformed Services University of the Health
                 Sciences from certain Paperwork Reduction Act requirements.
Sec. 717. Modification to limitation on the realignment or reduction of military
                 medical manning end strength.
Sec. 718. Modifications to implementation plan for restructure or realignment of
                 military medical treatment facilities.
Sec. 719. Policy to address prescription opioid safety.
Sec. 720. Addition of burn pit registration and other information to electronic
                 health records of members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 721. Inclusion of information on exposure to open burn pits in postdeployment
                 health reassessments.

                        Subtitle C—Matters Relating to COVID–19

Sec. 731. COVID-19 military health system review panel.
Sec. 732. Department of Defense pandemic preparedness.
Sec. 733. Transnational health benefits for certain members of the National Guard
                 serving under orders in response to the coronavirus (COVID–19).
Sec. 734. Registry of certain TRICARE beneficiaries diagnosed with COVID-19.
Sec. 735. Health assessments of veterans diagnosed with pandemic diseases to de-
                 termine exposure to open burn pits and toxic airborne chemicals.
Sec. 736. Comptroller General study on delivery of mental health services to mem-
                 bers of the Armed Forces during the COVID-19 pandemic.

                        Subtitle D—Reports and Other Matters

Sec. 741. Modifications to pilot program on civilian and military partnerships to en-
                 hance interoperability and medical surge capability and capacity of Na-
                 tional Disaster Medical System.
Sec. 742. Reports on suicide among members of the Armed Forces and suicide pre-
                 vention programs and activities of the Department of Defense.