PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           132                                                                                                 133 STAT. 4063

and the Chief of Space Operations, shall develop and procure a hypersonic and ballistic missile tracking space sensor payload. 
(b) PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITY.— 
(1) ASSIGNMENT.—Not later than 15 days after the date Deadline. of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, without delegation— 
(A) assign the Director of the Missile Defense Agency with the principal responsibility for the development and procurement of a hypersonic and ballistic tracking space sensor payload pursuant to subsection (a) as a component of a proliferated low-Earth orbit satellite constellation through, at minimum, fiscal year 2022; and 
(B) submit to the congressional defense committees a certification of such assignment. 
(2) PLAN FOR INTEGRATION.—Not later than May 1, 2021, Deadline. the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for integrating the hypersonic and ballistic tracking space sensor payload developed by the Missile Defense Agency pursuant to subsection (a) into the persistent space-based sensor architecture of the Space Development Agency and the Space Force. The plan shall include, at a minimum, options for— 
(A) minimizing disruption to the program for such space sensor payload; 
(B) ensuring sufficient funding for such an integration; 
(C) maintaining prioritization of unique ballistic and hypersonic requirements for each space sensor pay- load through the transition; 
(D) ensuring connection of such space sensor payload into the overall missile defense command and control, batt management, and communications system; and 
(E) addressing any impacts to the development and deployment of such space sensor payload if responsibility for the proliferated low-Earth orbit satellite constellation specified in paragraph (1)(A) is transitioned from the Space Development Agency to the Space Force prior to the constellation achieving full operational capability. 
(c) TIMELINE FOR TESTING, INTEGRATION, AND DEPLOYMENT.— Coordination. The Director, in coordination with the Director of the Space Development Agency and the Chief of Space Operations, shall— 
(1) begin on-orbit testing of the hypersonic and ballistic tracking space sensor payload developed pursuant to subsection (a) no later than December 31, 2023; and Deadline. 
(2) begin integration of such sensor payload into the persistent space-based sensor architecture of the Space Develop- ment Agency and the Space Force pursuant to the plan developed under subsection (b)(2), and shall achieve full operational deployment of such sensor payload, as soon as technically fea- sible thereafter. 
(d) ANNUAL CERTIFICATIONS.—On an annual basis until the date on which the hypersonic and ballistic tracking space sensor payload developed under subsection (a) achieves full operational capability— 
(1) the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall Estimates. jointly certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the most recent future-years defense program submitted under