PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021        134 STAT. 4041

Sec. 1662. Limitation on awarding contracts to entities operating commercial terrestrial communication networks that cause harmful interference with the Global Positioning System.
Sec. 1663. Independent technical review of Federal Communications Commission Order 20-48.
Sec. 1664. Estimate of damages from Federal Communications Commission Order 20-48.

Subtitle F—Other Matters

Sec. 1671. Conventional prompt strike.
Sec. 1672. Limitation on availability of funds relating to reports on missile systems and arms control treaties.
Sec. 1673. Submission of reports under Missile Defense Review and Nuclear Posture Review.

Subtitle A—Space Activities

SEC. 1601. SPACE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY DEVELOPMENT REQUIREMENTS AND TRANSFER TO SPACE FORCE.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 908 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section:

‘‘§ 9084. Space Development Agency
    ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—(1) There is a Space Development Agency of the Department of Defense (in this section referred to as the ‘Agency’). The Director of the Space Development Agency shall be the head of the Agency.
        ‘‘(2) Effective October 1, 2022—
            ‘‘(A) the Agency shall be an element of the Space Force; and
            ‘‘(B) the Director shall report—
                ‘‘(i) pursuant to section 9016(b)(6)(B)(iv)(III) of this title, to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisition and Integration with respect to acquisition decisions; and
                ‘‘(ii) directly to the Chief of Space Operations with respect to requirements decisions, personnel decisions, and any other matter not covered by clause (i).
    ‘‘(b) DEVELOPMENT AND INTEGRATION AUTHORITIES.—The Director shall lead—
        ‘‘(1) the development and demonstration of a resilient military space-based sensing, tracking, and data transport architecture that uses proliferated low-Earth orbit systems and services;
        ‘‘(2) the integration of next-generation space capabilities, such as novel sensors (including with respect to alternate navigation, and autonomous battle management features), and sensor and tracking components (including a hypersonic and ballistic missile tracking space sensor payload pursuant to section 1645 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021), into the architecture specified in paragraph (1) to address the requirements and needs of the armed forces and combatant commands for such capabilities;
        ‘‘(3) the procurement of commercial capabilities and services, including—
            ‘‘(A) options for integrating payloads on commercial buses and spacecraft into existing commercial architectures; and