PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4419

‘‘(c) FAIR MARKET VALUE.—A fair market value shall be established by the Maritime Administration for acquisition of an eligible vessel under this section.
‘‘(d) APPROPRIATIONS.—Vessel acquisitions under this section shall be subject to the availability of appropriations. Amounts made available to carry out this section shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the National Defense Reserve Fleet. Amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Maritime Security Program may not be use to carry out this section.’’.

(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of chapters for subtitle V of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘534. Tanker Security Fleet .....................................................53401’’.

(c) DEADLINE FOR ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Transportation shall begin accepting applications for enrollment of vessels in the Tanker Security Fleet established under chapter 534 of title 46, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this title.
(2) APPROVAL.—Not later than 90 days after receipt of an application for the enrollment of a vessel in the Tanker Security Fleet, the Secretary of Transportation, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense shall—
(A) approve the application and enter into an operating agreement with the applicant; or
(B) provide to the applicant a written explanation for the denial of the application.

(3) VESSELS OPERATING IN MARITIME SECURITY FLEET.— 
Notwithstanding the requirements of section 53402(b) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of Transportation shall approve an application submitted under chapter 534 of title 46, United State Code, for a product tank vessel for which there is, on the date of enactment of this title, an effective operating agreement under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code.

(d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—This section shall take effect on the date on which the Secretary of Defense—
(A) has completed the report on United States flagged fuel tanker vessel capacity as required by section 3519 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020;
(B) has submitted that report to the appropriate committees of Congress:
(C) publishes certification—

(i) that a program for United States-flagged fuel tanker vessels as prescribed in chapter 534 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, for the purpose of providing additional United States-flagged fuel tanker vessels is in the national security interest of the United State; and
(ii) of the number of such additional tankers covered under such a program that could be necessary to meet Department of Defense wartime requirements.