PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

engineering and facilitation expenses to the costs needed for co-production; 
(ii) complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries that will be procured, including with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; 
(iii) technical milestones for co-production of parts and components and procurement; 
(iv) a joint affordability working group to consider cost reduction initiatives; and 
(v) joint approval processes for third-party sales; and 
(D) the level of co-production described in subparagraph (C)(i) for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program is not less than 50 percent.
(d) NUMBER.—In carrying out paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of subsection (c), the Under Secretary may submit— 
(1) one certification covering both the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or 
(2) separate certifications for each respective system. 
(e) TIMING.—The Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the certification and assessment under subsection (b)(3) and the certification under subsection (c)(2) no later than 30 days before the funds specified in paragraph (1) of subsections (b) and (c) for the respective system covered by the certification are provided to the Government of Israel. 
(f) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. 
(2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1650. REPORT ON DEFENSE OF GUAM FROM INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE THREATS. 
(a) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a study on the defense of Guam from integrated air and missile threats, including such threats from ballistic, hypersonic, and cruise missiles. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The identification of existing deployed land- and seabased air and missile defense programs of record within the military departments and Defense Agencies, including with respect to interceptors, radars, and ground-, ship-, air-, and space-based sensors that could be used either alone or in coordination with other systems to counter the threats specified in subsection (a) with an initial operational capability by 2025. 
(2) A plan of how such programs would be used to counter such threats with an initial operational capability by 2025. 
(3) A plan of which programs currently in development but not yet deployed could enhance or substitute for existing