PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021
Deadline.
(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than June 1, 2021, the Comptroller General shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the review required under subsection (a).

(2) REPORT.—Not later than December 1, 2021, the Comptroller General shall submit to such committees a report on such review, which shall contain each of the elements under subsection (b).

SEC. 1079. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROCESSES FOR RESPONDING TO CONGRES- SIONAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
(a) COMPTROLLER GENERAL ANALYSIS.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing an analysis of the processes of the Department of Defense for responding to congressional reporting requirements.

(b) CRITERIA FOR EVALUATION.—The analysis required under subsection (a) shall include an evaluation of funding and changes to policies and business practices by the Department for improving the effectiveness, efficiency, and public transparency of the compliance of the Department with congressional reporting requirements.

Reviews.
(c) CONTENTS OF REPORT.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include each of the following:

(1) A review of—
(A) current laws, guidance, policies for Department of Defense compliance with congressional reporting requirements;
(B) recent direction from the congressional defense committees concerning how the Department designs, modifies, tracks, delivers, and inventories completed reports; and
(C) the response of the Department of Defense to the plan required by section 874 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1906).

Evaluations.
(2) An evaluation of the cost and effectiveness of—
(A) the existing processes the Department of Defense uses to track and respond to congressional reporting requirements; and
(B) the ongoing modernization efforts referred to in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1), including—
(i) the design, development, and fielding of efforts to modernize existing report tracking systems;
(ii) the potential for system-level access solutions; and 
(iii) the standardization of report-related data, including types of reporting requirements.
Analysis.
(3) An analysis of further options for modernizing the preparation and coordination process for required reports and other written correspondence from the Department of Defense to the congressional defense committees. Such analysis shall include—
Coordination.
(A) the coordination of Department of Defense business practices and internal policies with legislative processes; and