PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4365

to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report providing the following: 
	‘‘(A) An update on the status and anticipated completion date of each decision-making process that was commenced or was underway during the previous two fiscal years regarding the location or relocation of a major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system. 
	Update.
	 ‘‘(B) A list and description of anticipated basing decisions to be made regarding the location or relocation of a major headquarters, covered military unit, or major weapon system over the period covered by the future-years defense plan. 
	List.
	 ‘‘(C) A timeline for a congressional engagement plan to brief the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate during the decision making process and when decision notifications would be provided to interested Members of Congress.
	Timeline.
	 ‘‘(2) ELEMENTS OF REPORT.—To satisfy the requirements of paragraph (1)(B), a report under this subsection shall include at a minimum the following: 
	 ‘‘(A) An estimate of the number of members of the armed forces and civilian personnel potentially impacted by the basing decision. 
	Estimate. 
	 ‘‘(B) The locations to be considered, if already known. 
	Timeline.
	 ‘‘(C) The expected timeline for beginning the decision making process and reaching a final determination.
	Determination.
	 ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
	 ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered military unit’ means a unit of the armed forces whose initial assignment to a military installation or relocation from a military installation to a different military installation requires the preparation of an environmental impact statement in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
	 ‘‘(2) The term ‘major headquarters’ means the headquarters of a military unit or command that is the appropriate command of a general officer or flag officer. 
	 ‘‘(3) The term ‘major weapon system’ means a weapon system that is treatable as a major system under section 2302(5) of title. 
	 ‘‘(4) The term ‘military installation’ means a base, camp, post, station, yard, center, homeport facility for any ship, or other activity under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, including any leased facility, which is located within any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Virgin Islands, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or Guam. Such term does not include any facility used primarily for civil works, rives and harbors projects, or flood control projects. 
	 ‘‘(5) The term ‘Secretary concerned’ means—
	 ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the military department concerned; and 
	 ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Defense with respect to matters concerning the Defense Agencies and the Joint Staff.’’.