PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021          134 STAT. 3647

(1) The term “application year” means the period beginning
on January 1 of one year and ending on June 1 of the following
year.
(2) The term “machine-readable” has the meaning given
that term in section 3502(18) of title 44, United States Code.
(3) The term “military service academy” means—
    (A) the United States Military Academy;
    (B) the United States Naval Academy; and
    (C) the United States Air Force Academy.

SEC. 576. REPORT ON POTENTIAL IMPROVEMENTS TO CERTAIN MILI- 
TARY EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE.

(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than December 1, 2021, the
Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall submit to the Committees on Armed
Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report
setting forth the results of a review and assessment, obtained
by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the potential effects
on the military education provided by the educational institutions
of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) of the
actions described in subsection (c).
(b) EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE.—The educational institutions of the Department of
Defense specified in this subsection are the following:
    (1) The senior level service schools and intermediate level
    service schools (as such terms are defined in section 2151(b)
    of title 10, United States Code).
    (2) The Air Force Institute of Technology.
    (3) The National Defense University.
    (4) The Joint Special Operations University.
    (5) The Army Armament Graduate School.
    (6) Any other military educational institution of the Depart-
    ment specified by the Secretary for purposes of this section.
(c) ACTIONS.—The actions described in this subsection with
respect to the educational institutions of the Department of Defense
specified in subsection (b) are the following:
    (1) Modification of admission and graduation requirements.
    (2) Expansion of use of case studies in curricula for profes-
    sional military education.
    (3) Reduction or expansion of degree-granting authority.
    (4) Reduction or expansion of the acceptance of research
    grants.
    (5) Reduction or expansion of the number of attending
    students generally.
    (6) Modification of military personnel career milestones
    in order to prioritize instructor positions.
    (7) Increase in educational and performance requirements
    for military personnel selected to be instructors.
    (8) Expansion of visiting or adjunct faculty.
    (9) Modification of civilian faculty management practices,
    including employment practices.
    (10) Reduction of the number of attending students through
    the sponsoring of education of an increased number of students
    at non-Department of Defense institutions of higher education.