PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021  
134 STAT. 3455

Sec. 272. Modification to Test Resource Management Center strategic plan report- 
ing cycle and contents. 
Sec. 273. Modification of requirements relating to energetics plan to include assess- 
ment of feasibility and advisability of establishing a program office for 
energetics. 
Sec. 274. Element in annual reports on cyber science and technology activities on 
work with academic consortia on high priority cybersecurity research ac- 
tivities in Department of Defense capabilities. 
Sec. 275. Repeal of quarterly updates on the Optionally Manned Fighting Vehicle 
program. 
Sec. 276. Microelectronics and national security. 
Sec. 277. Independent evaluation of personal protective and diagnostic testing 
equipment. 
Sec. 278. Assessment on United States national security emerging biotechnology ef- 
forts and capabilities and comparison with adversaries. 
Sec. 279. Annual reports regarding the SBIR program of the Department of De- 
fense. 
Sec. 280. Reports on F–35 physiological episodes and mitigation efforts. 
Sec. 281. Review and report on next generation air dominance capabilities. 
Sec. 282. Plan for operational test and utility evaluation of systems for Low-Cost 
Attributable Aircraft Technology program. 
Sec. 283. Independent comparative analysis of efforts by China and the United 
States to recruit and retain researchers in national security-related and 
defense-related fields.

Subtitle A—Authorization of 
Appropriations
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 

Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 
2021 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop- 
ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in 
section 4201. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations
SEC. 211. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CERTAIN COOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AGREE- 
MENTS. 
Section 2350a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘and the Under Sec- 
retary’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Under Secretary’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Each cooperative’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) 
Except as provided in paragraph (2), each cooperative’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: 
   ‘‘(2) A cooperative research and development project may be 
entered into under this section under which costs are shared 
between the participants on an unequal basis if the Secretary 
of Defense, or an official specified in subsection (b)(2) to whom 
the Secretary delegates authority under this paragraph, makes 
a written determination that unequal cost sharing provides strategic 
value to the United States or another participant in the project. 
   ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘cost’ means 
the total value of cash and non-cash contributions.’’.