PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to engage with the Governments of Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, and Niger to prevent civilian harm and address allegations of gross violations of human rights by the security forces of these countries and non-state armed groups, and ensure accountability for such violations.

(b) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following:

(1) A description of planned public and private diplomatic engagement to support efforts by the Governments of Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, and Niger to investigate, prosecute, and sentence any individual or group against which there are credible allegations of gross violations of human rights, including by state security forces and non-state armed groups, and an assessment of the effectiveness of such engagement.

(2) An identification of United States assistance and programs to address gross violations of human rights and civilian harm, improve civil-military relations, and strengthen accountability of Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, and Niger through their military justice systems, including support for building the capacity of provost marshals.

(3) A description of how such United States assistance and programs have been used to address gross violations of human rights, civilian harm, and civil-military relations, and an assessment of how they can be strengthened to prevent and address civilian harm.

(4) A description of plans to coordinate United States efforts with France, the European Union, the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA), the African Union, and the G5 Sahel Joint Force to decrease gross violations of human rights and minimize civilian harm during military operations in the Sahel.

(5) A description of efforts undertaken by the Governments of Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, and Niger to prevent and decrease instances of gross violations of human rights or civilian harm perpetrated by state security forces or non-state armed groups that have received material support from or conducted joint counterterrorism operations with these security forces, and an assessment of the effectiveness of these efforts.

(6) A description of any confirmed incidents or reports of civilian harm that may have occurred during United States military advise, assist, or accompany operations during the preceding calendar year.

(7) Any other matters that the Secretary considers to be relevant.

(c) FORM.—The plan required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.

(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
    (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means—
        (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and
        (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate.

134 STAT. 3993

Classified information.