PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                   134 STAT. 3481

    “(B) applying artificial intelligence and machine
learning solutions to operational problems by directly deliv-
ering artificial intelligence capabilities to the Armed Forces
and other organizations and elements of the Department
of Defense;
    ‘‘(C) accelerating the development, testing, and fielding
of new artificial intelligence and artificial intelligence-
enabling capabilities; and
    ‘‘(D) coordinating and deconflicting activities involving
artificial intelligence and artificial intelligence-enabled
capabilities within the Department.’’;
    (2) by striking subsection (e);
    (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections
(d) and (e), respectively;
    (4) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new sub-
section:
    ‘‘(c) ORGANIZATION AND ROLES. —
        ‘‘(1) ASSIGNMENT OF ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. —
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL. —In addition to designating an official
        under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall assign
        to appropriate officials within the Department of Defense
        roles and responsibilities relating to the research, develop-
        ment, prototyping, testing, procurement of, requirements
        for, and operational use of artificial intelligence tech-
        nologies.
            ‘‘(B) APPROPRIATE OFFICIALS. —The officials assigned
        roles and responsibilities under subparagraph (A) shall
        include—
                ‘‘(i) the Under Secretary of Defense for Research
            and Engineering;
                ‘‘(ii) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition
            and Sustainment;
                ‘‘(iii) the Director of the Joint Artificial Intelligence
            Center;
                ‘‘(iv) one or more officials in each military depart-
            ment;
                ‘‘(v) officials of appropriate Defense Agencies; and
                ‘‘(vi) such other officials as the Secretary of Defense
            determines appropriate.
        ‘‘(2) ROLE OF DIRECTOR OF THE JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTEL-
                    LIGENCE CENTER. —
            ‘‘(A) DIRECT REPORT TO DEPUTY SECRETARY OF
DEFENSE. —During the covered period, the Director of the
Joint Artificial Intelligence Center shall report directly to
the Deputy Secretary of Defense without intervening
authority.
            ‘‘(B) CONTINUATION. —The Director of the Joint Artifi-
cial Intelligence Center shall continue to report to the
Deputy Secretary of Defense as described in subparagraph
(A) after the expiration of the covered period if, not later
than 30 days before such period expires, the Deputy Secre-
tary—
                ‘‘(i) determines that the Director should continue
            to report to Deputy Secretary without intervening
            authority; and
                ‘‘(ii) transmits notice of such determination to the
            congressional defense committees.