134 STAT. 3942			PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(C) The group has leadership or a base of operations located within the Russian Federation and operates or maintains a chapter or network of the group outside the Russian Federation.
(2) For each such group or network—
(A) an overview of the membership, ideology, and activities;
(B) a description of the leadership, plans, intentions, and capabilities;
(C) a description of the composition and characteristics, including an assessment whether and to what extent the members of the group or network are also part of a military, security service, or police force;
(D) a description of financing and other forms of material support received from the Russian Federation;
(E) an assessment whether and to what extent the group or network is engaged in or facilitating military or paramilitary training;
(F) an assessment of trends and patterns relating to communications, travel, and training carried out between such group or network and the Russian Federation; and
(G) an opportunity analysis with respect to mitigating and disrupting the transnational nexus between such group or network and the Russian Federation.
(3) An assessment of the manner in which Russian Federation support of such groups or networks aligns with the strategic interests of the Russian Federation with respect to geopolitical competition.
(4) An assessment of the impact and role of such groups or networks in destabilizing or influencing conflict zones or regional tensions, including by—
(A) assisting Russian Federation-backed separatist forces in the Donbas region of Ukraine;
(B) destabilizing security on the Crimean peninsula of Ukraine;
(C) undermining stability and security in the Balkans; or
(D) threatening the support for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in Southeastern Europe.
(5) A description of any relationship or affiliation between such groups or networks and ultranationalist or extremist political parties within or outside the Russian Federation, and an assessment of the manner in which the Russian Federation may use such a relationship or affiliation to advance the strategic interests of the Russian Federation.
(6) A description of the use by the Russian Federation of social media platforms to support or amplify the presence or messaging of such groups or networks outside of the Russian Federation, and an assessment of efforts by the United States, partners, and allies to counter such support or amplification.
(7) An assessment of the nature and extent of the threat that Russian Federation support of such groups or networks poses to United States counterterrorism efforts and other national security interests.
Recommendations.

(8) Recommendations, consistent with a whole-of-government approach to countering Russian Federation information warfare and malign influence operations—
