PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021        134 STAT. 4335

resilience, using any combination of the options specified in sub- section (b) or such other methods as the Secretary concerned considers practicable.
(b) METERING OPTIONS.—Electrical energy usage options to be considered for a covered defense structure include the following: 
(1) Installation of a smart meter at the electric power supply cable entry point of the covered defense structure, with remote data storage and retrieval capability using cellular communication, to provide historical energy usage data on an hourly basis to accurately determine the optimum cost effective energy efficiency and energy resilience measures for the covered defense structure.
(2) Use of an energy usage audit firm to individually meter the covered defense structure using clamp-on meters and data storage to provide year-long electric energy load profile data, particularly in the case of a covered defense structure located in climates with highly variable use based on weather or temperature changes, to accurately identify electric energy usage demand for both peak and off peak periods for a covered defense structure.
(3) Manual collection and calculation of the connected load via nameplate data survey of all the connected electrical devices for the covered defense structure and comparison of such data to the designed maximum rating of the incoming electric supply to determine the maximum electrical load for the covered defense structure.
(c) CYBERSECURITY.—The Secretary of Defense and the Secre- taries of the military departments shall consult with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense to ensure that the electrical energy metering options considered under subsection (b) do not compromise the cybersecurity of Department of Defense networks.
(d) CONSIDERATION OF PARTNERSHIPS.—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall con- sider the use of arrangements (known as public-private partner- ships) with appropriate entities outside the Government to reduce the cost of carrying out this section.
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered defense structure’’ means any infra- structure under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense inside the United States that the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the military department concerned determines—
(A) is used to support a critical mission of the Depart- ment; and
(B) is located at a military installation with base- wide resilient power. 
(2) The term ‘‘energy resilience’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code.
(f) IMPLEMENTATION REPORT.—As part of the Department of Defense energy management report to be submitted under section 2925 of title 10, United States Code, during fiscal year 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall include information on the progress being made to comply with the requirements of this section.