PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4671

to low interdiction rates for maritime noncommercial smuggling of illicit drugs into the United States from Central America and South America despite having actionable intelligence on more than 80 percent of drug movements in the transit zones of the Eastern Pacific Ocean, Caribbean Sea, and Southern maritime border approaches.
    (c) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study under subsection (b). Such report shall include—
        (1) a statement of the Coast Guard mission requirements for drug interdiction in the Caribbean basin;
        (2) the number of maritime surveillance hours and Coast Guard assets used in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019 to counter the illicit trafficking of drugs and other related threats throughout the Caribbean basin; and
        (3) a determination of whether such hours and assets satisfied the Coast Guard mission requirements for drug interdiction in the Caribbean basin.
    (d) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.
    
SEC. 8246. REPORT ON LIABILITY LIMITS SET IN SECTION 1004 OF THE OIL POLLUTION ACT OF 1990.
    Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following:
        (1) Each liability limit set under section 1004 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704), including the statutory or regulatory authority establishing such limit.
        (2) If the Commandant determines that any liability limit listed in such section should be modified—
            (A) a description of the modification;
            (B) a justification for such modification; and
            (C) a recommendation for legislative or regulatory action to achieve such modification.
        
SEC. 8247. REPORT ON COAST GUARD DEFENSE READINESS RESOURCES ALLOCATION.
    (a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the allocation of resources by the Coast Guard to support its defense readiness mission.
    (b) CONTENTS.—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements:
        (1) Funding levels allocated by the Coast Guard to support defense readiness missions for each of the past 10 fiscal years.
        (2) Funding levels transferred or otherwise provided by the Department of Defense to the Coast Guard in support