PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021              134 STAT. 3657

the Department described in subsection (a) would be better met by an increase in assistance for child care fees;
(D) a description and assessment of the actions, if any, being taken to furnish such child care at the installations identified pursuant to subparagraph (A); and
(E) such recommendations for legislative or administrative action the Secretary determines appropriate to make such child care available at the installations identified pursuant to subparagraph (A), or at any other military installation.

SEC. 589. PILOT PROGRAM TO PROVIDE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR IN-HOME CHILD CARE.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to provide financial assistance to members of the Armed Forces who pay for services provided by in-home child care providers. In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall take the following steps:
(1) Determine the needs of military families who request services provided by in-home child care providers.
(2) Determine the appropriate amount of financial assistance to provide to military families described in paragraph (1).
(3) Determine the appropriate qualifications for an in-home child care provider for whose services the Secretary shall provide financial assistance to a military family. In carrying out this paragraph, the Secretary shall—
(A) take into consideration qualifications for in-home child care providers in the private sector; and
(B) ensure that the qualifications the Secretary determines appropriate under this paragraph are comparable to the qualifications for a provider of child care services in a military child development center or family home day care.
(4) Establish a marketing and communications plan to inform members of the Armed Forces who live in the locations described in subsection (b) about the pilot program.
(b) LOCATIONS.—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program in the five locations that the Secretary determines have the greatest demand for child care services for children of members of the Armed Forces.
(c) REPORTS.—
(1) INTERIM REPORTS.—Not later than one year after the Secretary establishes the pilot program and thrice annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an interim report on the pilot program. Each interim report shall include the following elements:
(A) The number of military families participating in the pilot program, disaggregated by location and duration of participation.
(B) The amount of financial assistance provided to participating military families in each location.
(C) Metrics by which the Secretary carries out subsection (a)(3)(B);
(D) The feasibility of expanding the pilot program.