PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4113

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense may conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of the development of a capability in support of Department of Defense missions within the National Guard through which a National Guard of a State remotely provides National Guards of other States (whether or not in the same Armed Force as the providing National Guard) with cybersecurity technical assistance in training, preparation, and response to cyber incidents.
(2) TERMINATION.—The authorization under paragraph (1) to conduct the pilot program expires 24 months after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(b) ASSESSMENT PRIOR TO COMMENCEMENT.—For purposes of the pilot program described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall, prior to commencing the pilot program, for purposes of evaluating existing platforms, technologies, and capabilities under subsection (c), and for establishing eligibility and participation requirements under such subsection—
(1) conduct an assessment of—
(A) existing cyber response capacities of the Army National Guard or Air National Guard, as applicable, in each State; and
(B) any existing platform, technology, or capability of a National Guard that provides the capability described in subsection (a)(1);
(2) determine whether a platform, technology, or capability referred to in subparagraph (B) is suitable for expansion for purposes of the pilot program; and Determination.
(3) assess potential benefits of impact on the missions, the Total Force, the Cyber Operations Forces, and the cyber infrastructure of the Department of Defense.
(c) ELEMENTS.—The pilot program described in subsection (a) may include the following:
(1) A technical capability that enables the National Guard of a State to remotely provide cybersecurity technical assistance to National Guards of other States, without the need to deploy outside its home State.
(2) The development of policies, processes, procedures, and authorities for use of such a capability, including with respect to the following: Procedures.
(A) The roles and responsibilities of both requesting and deploying National Guards with respect to such technical assistance, taking into account the matters specified in subsection (g).
(B) Necessary updates to the Defense Cyber Incident Coordinating Procedure, or any other applicable Department of Defense instruction, for purposes of implementing such a capability.
(C) Program management and governance structures for deployment and maintenance of such a capability.
(D) Security when performing remote support, including in matters such as authentication and remote sensing.
(3) The conduct, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of the Federal Bureau Consultation.