PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3627

shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on means to improve the effectiveness of the covered Armed Forces in responding to and preventing domestic violence.

(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
    (A) The report received by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (d).
    (B) For each recommendation included in the report pursuant to subsection (d) by reason of paragraph (2)(B) of that subsection—
        (i) an assessment by the Secretary of the feasibility and advisability of implementing such recommendation; and
        (ii) if the Secretary considers the implementation of such recommendation feasible and advisable, a description of the actions taken, or to be taken, to implement such recommendation.
    (C) Such other matters relating to the improvement of the effectiveness of the covered Armed Forces in responding to and preventing domestic violence as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the report pursuant to subsection (d).

(f) FUNDING.—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2021 for the Department of Defense by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance, Defense wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $1,000,000 shall be available for contract or agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a).

(g) COVERED ARMED FORCES DEFINED.—In this section, the term “covered Armed Forces” means the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps.

Subtitle F—Diversity and Inclusion SEC. 551. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION REPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND RELATED MATTERS.

(a) STANDARD DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION METRICS AND ANNUAL REPORT REQUIREMENTS.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 113 of title 10, United States Code, is amended—
        (A) in subsection (c)—
            (i) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and
            (ii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2):
                ‘‘(2) a report from each military department on the status of diversity and inclusion in such department;’’;
        (B) in subsection (g)(1)(B), by inserting after clause (vi), the following new clause (vii):
            ‘‘(vii) Strategic goals related to diversity and inclusion in the armed forces, and an assessment of measures of performance related to the efforts of the armed forces to reflect the diverse population of the United States eligible to serve in the armed forces.’’;