PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3517

‘‘(c) DEVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION.—The planning required by subsection (b) shall identify each of the following for each installation: ‘‘(1) The critical missions of the installation. ‘‘(2) The energy requirements of those critical missions. ‘‘(3) The duration that those energy requirements are likely to be needed in the event of a disruption or emergency. ‘‘(4) The current source of energy provided to those critical missions. ‘‘(5) The duration that the currently provided energy would likely be available in the event of a disruption or emergency. ‘‘(6) Any currently available sources of energy that would provide uninterrupted energy to critical missions in the event of a disruption or emergency. ‘‘(7) Alternative sources of energy that could be developed to provide uninterrupted energy to critical missions in the event of a disruption or emergency. ‘‘(d) TESTING AND MEASURING.—(1)(A) The Secretary of Defense shall require the Secretary of each military department and head of each Defense Agency to conduct monitoring, measuring, and testing to provide the data necessary to comply with this section. ‘‘(B) Any data provided under subparagraph (A) shall be made available to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment upon request. ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary of Defense shall require that black start exercises be conducted to assess the energy resilience and energy security of installations for periods established to evaluate the ability of the installation to perform critical missions without access to off-installation energy resources. ‘‘(B) A black start exercise conducted under subparagraph (A) may exclude, if technically feasible, housing areas, commissaries, exchanges, and morale, welfare, and recreation facilities. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(i) provide uniform policy for the military departments and the Defense Agencies with respect to conducting black start exercises; and ‘‘(ii) establish a schedule of black start exercises for the military departments and the Defense Agencies, with each military department and Defense Agency scheduled to conduct such an exercise on a number of installations each year sufficient to allow that military department or Defense Agency to meet the goals of this section, but in any event not fewer than five installations each year for each military department through fiscal year 2027. ‘‘(D)(i) Except as provided in clause (ii), the Secretary of each military department shall, notwithstanding any other provision of law, conduct black start exercises in accordance with the schedule provided for in subparagraph (C)(ii), with any such exercise not to last longer than five days. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary of a military department may conduct more black start exercises than those identified in the schedule provided for in subparagraph (C)(ii). ‘‘(e) CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS.—For contracts for energy and utility services, the Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(1) specify methods and processes to measure, manage, and verify compliance with subsection (a); and