134 STAT. 4780          PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Customs and Border Protection officers or their duties and assignments;
 (7) any proposed changes to the plan and an explanation for such changes, including changes made in response to any Department of Homeland Security research and development findings or changes in terrorist or transnational criminal organizations tactics, techniques, or procedures; and 
(8) any challenges to implementing the plan or meeting the benchmarks, and plans to mitigate any such challenges. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term “large-scale, non-intrusive inspection system” means a technology, including X-ray, gamma-ray, and passive imaging systems, capable of producing an image of the contents of a commercial or passenger vehicle or freight rail car in 1 pass of such vehicle or car. 
(2) The term “scanning” means utilizing nonintrusive imaging equipment, radiation detection equipment, or both, to capture data, including images of a commercial or passenger vehicle or freight rail car.

TITLE XCI—VETERANS AFFAIRS MATTERS

Sec. 9101. Modification of licensure requirements for Department of Veterans Af- fairs health care professionals providing treatment via telemedicine. 
Sec. 9102. Identification and referral of deficient Department of Veterans Af- fairs whistleblower complaints and improvement of training. 
Sec. 9103. Expansion of eligibility for HUD-VASH. 
Sec. 9104. Study on unemployment rate of women veterans who served on active duty in the Armed Forces after September 11, 2001. 
Sec. 9105. Access of veterans to Individual Longitudinal Exposure Record. 
Sec. 9106. Department of Veterans Affairs report on undisbursed funds. 
Sec. 9107. Transfer of Mare Island Naval Cemetery to Secretary of Veterans Affairs for maintenance by National Cemetery Administration.
Sec. 9108. Comptroller General report on Department of Veterans Affairs handling of disability compensation claims by certain veterans. 
Sec. 9109. Additional diseases associated with exposure to certain herbicide agents for which there is a presumption of service connection for veterans who served in the Republic of Vietnam.

SEC.  9101.  MODIFICATION  OF  LICENSURE  REQUIREMENTS  FOR  DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS PROVIDING  TREATMENT  VIA  TELEMEDI- CINE. 
 
Section 1730C(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
(b) COVERED HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS.—For purposes of 
this section, a covered health care professional is any of the fol- lowing individuals: 
(1) A health care professional who— 
(A) is an employee of the Department appointed under section 7306, 7401, 7405, 7406, or 7408 of this title or under title 5; 
(B) is authorized by the Secretary to provide health care under this chapter; 
(C) is required to adhere to all standards for quality 
relating to the provision of health care in accordance with applicable policies of the Department; and 
(D)(i) has an active, current, full, and unrestricted license, registration, or certification in a State to practice