134 STAT. 4808          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(B) AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE.—The aggregate amount of financial assistance awarded under subparagraph (A) per cooperative agreement shall not exceed $200,000.

“(C) MATCHING REQUIREMENT.—The Director may not award financial assistance to a regional alliance or partnership under subparagraph (A) unless the regional alliance or partnership agrees that, with respect to the costs to be incurred by the regional alliance or partnership in carrying out the cooperative agreement for which the assistance was awarded, the regional alliance or partnership will make available (directly or through donations from public or private entities) non-Federal contributions, including in-kind contributions, in an amount equal to 50 percent of Federal funds provided under the award.

“(4) APPLICATION.—

“(A) IN GENERAL.—A regional alliance or partnership seeking to enter into a cooperative agreement under paragraph (1) and receive financial assistance under paragraph (3) shall submit to the Director an application therefor at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director may require.

“(B) REQUIREMENTS.—Each application submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include the following:

“(i)(I) A plan to establish (or identification of, if it already exists) a multistakeholder workforce partnership that includes—

“(aa) at least one institution of higher education or nonprofit training organization; and

“(bb) at least one local employer, owner, or operator of critical infrastructure.

“(II) Participation from academic institutions in the Federal Cyber Scholarships for Service Program, the National Centers of Academic Excellence in Cybersecurity Program, or advanced technological education programs, as well as elementary and secondary schools, training and certification providers, State and local governments, economic development organizations, or other community organizations is encouraged.

“(ii) A description of how the workforce partnership would identify the workforce needs of the local economy.

“(iii) A description of how the multistakeholder workforce partnership would leverage the programs and objectives of the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education, such as the Cybersecurity Workforce Framework and the strategic plan of such initiative.

“(iv) A description of how employers in the community will be recruited to support internships, externships, apprenticeships, or cooperative education programs in conjunction with providers of education and training. Inclusion of programs that seek to include veterans, Indian Tribes, and underrepresented groups, including women, minorities, persons from rural and underserved areas, and persons with disabilities is encouraged.