PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3773

(2) evaluate the success of responsive actions undertaken; and (3) identify any such recommendations that may require 
    Evaluation.
new legislative authorities.
(c) OBJECTIVES.—The additional recommendations made pursuant to subsection (a) shall—
    (1) aim to expand the defense industrial base to leverage contributions and capabilities of allies and partner countries;
    (2) identify and preserve the viability of domestic and Recommendations.
      trusted international suppliers; and 
    (3) strengthen the domestic industrial base, especially in areas subject to the risk archetypes identified in the report of the Interagency Task Force described in subsection (a).
(d) CONSULTATION.—In developing the additional recommendations required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary may engage through appropriate mechanisms with—
    (1) the Defense Science Board;
    (2) the Defense Innovation Board;
    (3) the Defense Business Board;
    (4) entities representing industry interests; and
    (5) entities representing labor interests.
(e) SUBMISSION OF RECOMMENDATIONS TO PRESIDENT.—Not later than 30 days after receiving the additional recommendations required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
    Deadline.
such recommendations, together with any supplementary views or recommendations, to the President, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, and the Director of the National Economic Council.
(f) SUBMISSION OF RECOMMENDATIONS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 30 days after submitting the recommendations under subsection (e), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to and brief the congressional defense committees on such recommendations.
    Deadline.

SEC. 851. REPORT ON STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MATERIALS.
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an appendix to the annual report required in section 2504 of title 10, United States Code, due on March 1, 2021, describing strategic and critical materials, including the gaps and vulnerabilities in supply chains of such materials.
     Appendix.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The Secretary of Defense shall include in the appendix required in subsection (a) the following:
    (1) An identification of the strategic and critical materials that are currently used by the Department of Defense.
    (2) To the extent practicable, an identification of the overall annual tonnage of each strategic or critical material identified pursuant to paragraph (1) that was used by the Department Time period.
      during the 10-year period ending on December 31, 2020.
    (3) An identification of domestic and international sources for the strategic and critical materials identified pursuant to paragraph (1).
    (4) An identification of risks relating to access to the strategic and critical materials identified pursuant to paragraph (1) from supply chain disruptions due to geopolitical, economic, and other vulnerabilities.