134 STAT. 4076          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(3) for personnel of the Department to engineer, validate, and verify that any required remediation provides the Department with the same operational capability for the affected system prior to terrestrial operation in the 1525 to 1559 megahertz or 1626.5 to 1660.5 megahertz bands of electromagnetic spectrum.
(c) RANGE OF ELIGIBLE REIMBURSABLE COSTS.—For purposes of this section, the range of eligible reimbursable costs includes—
(1) costs associated with engineering, equipment, software, site acquisition, and construction;
(2) any transaction expense that the Secretary determines is legitimate and prudent; 
(3) costs relating to term-limited Federal civil servant and contractor staff; and
(4) the costs of research, engineering studies, or other expenses the Secretary determines reasonably incurred.

Subtitle F—Other Matters

SEC. 1671. CONVENTIONAL PROMPT STRIKE.

(a) INTEGRATION.—Section 1697(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1791) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: “The Secretary shall initiate efforts to integrate such technologies to DDG–1000 class destroyers during fiscal year 2022.”.
(b) REPORT ON STRATEGIC HYPERSONIC WEAPONS.—
(1) REQUIREMENT.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on strategic hypersonic weapons.
(2) MATTERS INCLUDED.—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A discussion of the authority and policy processes to use hypersonic weapons and if, and how, such authorities would be delegated to the commanders of the combatant commands or to the Chiefs of the Armed Forces.
(B) How escalation risks will be addressed with regards to the use of strategic hypersonic weapons, including—
(i) whether any risk escalation exercises have been conducted or are planned for the potential use of hypersonic weapons; and
(ii) an analysis of the escalation risks posed by foreign hypersonic systems that are potentially nuclear and conventional dual-use capable weapons.
(C) The potential target sets for hypersonic weapons envisioned as of the date of the report and the required mission planning to support targeting by the United States Strategic Command and other combatant commands.
(D) Identification of the process for the Department of Defense to establish targeting and release authority for conventional prompt strike hypersonic weapons.
(E) A description of how the requirements for land- and sea-based hypersonic weapons will be addressed with the Joint Requirements Oversight Council and how such requirements will be formally provided to the military