PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3759

(I) The Director of the Defense Digital Service.
(J) Such other officials of the Department of Defense as the Secretary determines appropriate.
(f) INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENTS.—
(1) INITIAL ASSESSMENT.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Defense Innovation Board, in consultation with the Defense Digital Service, shall conduct an independent assessment and cost-benefits analysis to identify recommended approaches for the implementation of subsections (a) through (c).
(B) ELEMENTS.—The assessment under subparagraph (A) shall include the following:
(i) A plan for the development and implementation of the capabilities required under subsection (a), including a plan for any procurement that may be required as part of such development and implementation.
(ii) An independent cost assessment of the total estimated cost of developing and implementing the capability, as well as an assessment of any potential cost savings.
(iii) An independent estimate of the schedule for the development approach, and of priorities for implementation of the capability, including a reasonable estimate of the dates on which the capability can be expected to achieve initial operational capability and full operational capability, respectively.
(iv) A recommendation identifying the office or other organization of the Department of Defense that would be most appropriate to manage and execute the capability.
(C) REPORT.—Not later than July 15, 2021, the Defense Innovation Board, in consultation with the Defense Digital Service, shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the assessment under subparagraph (A), including the findings of the assessment with respect to each element specified in subparagraph (B).
(2) SECOND ASSESSMENT.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 15, 2023, the Defense Innovation Board and the Defense Science Board shall jointly complete an independent assessment of the progress of the Secretary in implementing subsections (a) through (c). The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Defense Innovation Board and the Defense Science Board have access to the resources, data, and information necessary to complete the assessment.
(B) INFORMATION TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the assessment under subparagraph (A) is completed, the Defense Innovation Board and the Defense Science Board shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees—
(i) a report summarizing the assessment; and 
(ii) a briefing on the findings of the assessment.
(g) DEMONSTRATIONS AND BRIEFING.—
(1) DEMONSTRATION OF IMPLEMENTATION.—Not later than October 20, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to