134 STAT. 4358          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

of the real property, installation-support services, or facility or improvements received by the Secretary’’; and

(2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
		‘‘(3) The Secretary concerned may agree to accept a facility or improvements to an existing facility under subsection (a)(3) only if the Secretary concerned determines that the facility or improvements—
		‘‘(A) are completed and usable, fully functional, and ready for occupancy;
		‘‘(B) satisfy all operational requirements; and
		‘‘(C) meet all Federal, State, and local requirements applicable to the facility relating to health, safety, and the environment.’’.
	
	(c) ISSUANCE OF GUIDANCE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue guidance providing for the implementation of the pilot program required by section 2869(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section.

SEC. 2863. PILOT PROGRAM TO SUPPORT COMBATANT COMMAND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PRIORITIES.

(a) PILOT PROGRAM.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pilot program to evaluate the usefulness of reserving a portion of the military construction funds of the military departments to help the combatant commands satisfy their military construction priorities in a timely manner.

(b) LOCATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct the pilot program for the benefit of the United States Indo-Pacific Command in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 

(c) REQUIRED INVESTMENT.—For each fiscal year during which the pilot program is conducted, the Secretary of Defense shall reserve to carry out military construction projects under the pilot program an amount equal to 10 percent of the total amount authorized to be appropriated for military construction projects by titles XXI, XXII, and XXIII of the Military Construction Authorization Act for that fiscal year.

(d) COMMENCEMENT AND DURATION.—
	(1) COMMENCEMENT.—The Secretary of Defense shall commence the pilot program no later than October 1, 2023. The Secretary may commence the pilot program as early as October 1, 2022, if the Secretary determines that compliance with the reservation of funds requirement under subsection (c) is practicable beginning with fiscal year 2023.
	(2) DURATION.—The pilot program shall be in effect for the fiscal year in which the Secretary commences the pilot program, as described in paragraph (1), and the subsequent two fiscal years. Any construction commenced under the pilot program before the expiration date may continue to completion.
(e) PROGRESS REPORT.—Not later than February 15 of the final fiscal year of the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating the success of the pilot program in improving the timeliness of the United States Indo-Pacific Command in achieving its military construction priorities. The Secretary shall include in the report—
	(1) an evaluation of the likely positive and negative impacts were the pilot program extended or made permanent and, if