134 STAT. 3606                  PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                         (iv) High-traffic areas (including dining facilities).
                  (2) COORDINATION BETWEEN STAFF OF THE DEPARTMENTS.—
The Secretaries shall ensure that a Sexual Assault Response Coordinator or Uniformed Victim Advocate of the Department of Defense who receives a report of an instance of sexual trauma connects the survivor to the Military Sexual Trauma Coordinator of the Department of Veterans Affairs at the facility of that Department nearest to the residence of that survivor if that survivor is a member separating or retiring from the Armed Forces.
            (c) REPORTS.—
                  (1) REPORT ON RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs shall provide a report to the appropriate committees of Congress regarding the availability of residential treatment programs for survivors of sexual trauma, including—
                        (A) barriers to access for such programs; and
                        (B) resources required to reduce such barriers.
                  (2) INITIAL REPORT.—Upon implementation of the standard under subsection (a), the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the standard.
                  (3) PROGRESS REPORTS.—Not later than 180 days after submitting the initial report under paragraph (2), and on December 1 of each subsequent year, the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the progress of the Secretaries in implementing and improving the standard.
                  (4) UPDATES.—Whenever the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs update the standard developed under subsection (a), the Secretaries shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on such update, including and a comprehensive and detailed description of such update and the reasons for such update.
            (d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
                  (1) The term "sexual trauma" means a condition described in section 1720D(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code.
                  (2) The term "appropriate committees of Congress" means—
                        (A) the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate; and
                        (B) the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate.

10 USC 7461
note.                     SEC. 539. POLICY FOR MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES ON SEPARATION
   OF ALLEGED VICTIMS AND ALLEGED PERPETRATORS IN
                     INCIDENTS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT.
                  (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-
tion with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Super-
intendent of each military service academy, prescribe in regulations
a policy under which a cadet or midshipman of a military service
academy who is the alleged victim of a sexual assault and a cadet
or midshipman who is the alleged perpetrator of such assault shall,
to the extent practicable, each be given the opportunity to complete
their course of study at the academy without—
                        (1) taking classes together; or