PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3471

(B) Suspend or terminate a research and development award made by that agency to the individual or entity.
(C) Temporarily or permanently discontinue any or all funding from that agency for the individual or entity.
(D) Temporarily or permanently suspend or debar the individual or entity in accordance with part 180 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, any successor regulation, or any other appropriate law or regulation, from receiving government funding.
(E) Refer the failure to disclose under subsection (a) to the Inspector General of the agency concerned for further investigation or to Federal law enforcement authorities to determine whether any criminal or civil laws were violated.
(F) Place the individual or entity in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System for noncompliance to alert other agencies.
(G) Take such other actions against the individual or entity as are authorized under applicable law or regulations.

(3) SPECIAL RULE FOR ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ENTITIES.—
An enforcement action described in paragraph (2) may be taken against an entity only in a case in which—
(A) the entity did not meet the requirements of subsection (a)(2);
(B) the entity knew that a covered individual failed to disclose information under subsection (a)(1) and the entity did not take steps to remedy such nondisclosure before the application was submitted; or
(C) the head of the Federal research agency concerned determines that—
(i) the entity is owned, controlled, or substantially influenced by a covered individual; and
(ii) such individual knowingly failed to disclose information under subsection (a)(1).

(4) NOTICE.—A Federal research agency that intends to take action under paragraph (1) or (2) shall, as practicable and in accordance with part 180 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, any successor regulation, or any other appropriate law or regulation, notify each individual or entity subject to such action about the specific reason for the action, and shall provide such individuals and entities with the opportunity to, and a process by which, to contest the proposed action.
(5) EVIDENTIARY STANDARDS.—A Federal research agency seeking suspension or debarment under paragraph (2)(D) shall abide by the procedures and evidentiary standards set forth in part 180 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, any successor regulation, or any other appropriate law or regulation.

(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “covered individual” means an individual who—
(A) contributes in a substantive, meaningful way to the scientific development or execution of a research and development project proposed to be carried out with a research and development award from a Federal research agency; and