134 STAT. 3524         PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

         (D) give priority, in conjunction with the OECIF, to
      the development and fielding of clean technologies that
      reduce reliance on fossil fuels.
         (4) TOOL FOR ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSITION.—
            (A) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out the program under
         paragraph (1) the Secretary shall develop and utilize a
         tool to track relevant investments in operational energy
         from applied research to transition to use to ensure user
         organizations have the full picture of technology maturation
         and development.
            (B) TRANSITION.—The tool developed and utilized under
         subparagraph (A) shall be designed to overcome transition
         challenges with rigorous and well-documented demonstra-
         tions that provide the information needed by all stake-
         holders for acceptance of the technology.
         (5) LOCATIONS.—
            (A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall carry out the
         testing and evaluation phase of the program under para-
         graph (1) at installations of the Department of Defense
         or in conjunction with exercises conducted by the Joint
         Staff, a combatant command, or a military department.
            (B) FORMAL DEMONSTRATIONS.—The Secretary shall
         carry out any formal demonstrations under the program
         under paragraph (1) at installations of the Department
         or in operational settings to document and validate
         improved warfighting performance and savings.
         
SEC. 325. FIVE-YEAR REVIEWS OF CONTAINMENT TECHNOLOGIES
                 RELATING TO RED HILL BULK FUEL STORAGE FACILITY.

   (a) REVIEWS.—
      (1) REVIEWS REQUIRED.—At least once every 5 years,
   concurrently with the Department of the Navy’s Tank Upgrade
   Alternative (TUA) decision review, the Secretary of the Navy
   shall conduct a review of available technologies relating to
   the containment of fuel to determine whether any such tech-
   nology may be used to improve the containment of fuel with
   respect to storage tanks located at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel
   Storage Facility, Hawaii.
      (2) DEADLINE FOR INITIAL REVIEW.—The Secretary shall
   conduct the first review under paragraph (1) concurrent with
   the first TUA decision review conducted after the date of the
   enactment of this Act.
   (b) BRIEFINGS.—Not later than 60 days after the date on which
a review conducted under subsection (a) is completed, the Secretary
shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing
on—
      (1) any technology identified in such review that the Sec-
   retary determines may be used to improve the containment
   of fuel with respect to storage tanks located at the Red Hill
   Bulk Fuel Storage Facility; and
      (2) the feasibility and cost of implementing any such tech-
   nology at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility.
   (c) TERMINATION.—The requirements to conduct reviews under
subsection (a) and provide briefings under subsection (b) shall termi-
nate on the date on which the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility
ceases operation, as determined by the Secretary of the Navy.