PUBLIC LAW 116-283-JAN. 1, 2021					134 STAT. 4685

SEC. 8275. COAST GUARD ACADEMY MINORITY OUTREACH TEAM PRO-GRAM.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 1904 (as amended by this division) the following:
“§ 1905. Coast Guard Academy minority outreach team program

“(a) IN GENERAL.—There is established within the Coast Guard Academy a minority outreach team program (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’) under which officers, including minority officers and officers from territories and other possessions of the United States, who are Academy graduates may volunteer their time to recruit minority students and strengthen cadet retention through mentorship of cadets.
“(b) ADMINISTRATION.—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Commandant, in consultation with Program volunteers and Academy alumni that participated in prior programs at the Academy similar to the Program, shall appoint a permanent civilian position at the Academy to administer the Program by, among other things—
“(1) overseeing administration of the Program;
“(2) serving as a resource to volunteers and outside stake-holders;
“(3) advising Academy leadership on recruitment and retention efforts based on recommendations from volunteers and outside stakeholders;
“(4) establishing strategic goals and performance metrics for the Program with input from active volunteers and Academy leadership; and
“(5) reporting annually to the Commandant on academic year and performance outcomes of the goals for the Program before the end of each academic year.”.
 (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis for chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1904 (as amended by this division) the following:
“1905. Coast Guard Academy minority outreach team program.”, SEC. 8276. COAST GUARD COLLEGE STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING INITIATIVE.
 (a) IN GENERAL. — Subchapter I of chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: “§ 2131. College student pre-commissioning initiative

“(a) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized within the Coast Guard a college student pre-commissioning initiative program (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’ ) for eligible undergraduate students to enlist and receive a guaranteed commission as an officer in the Coast Guard.
“(b) CRITERIA FOR SELECTION.—To be eligible for the Program a student must meet the following requirements upon submitting an application:
“(1) AGE.—A student must be not less than 19 years old and not more than 27 years old as of September 30 of the fiscal year in which the Program selection panel selecting such student convenes.