134 STAT. 4638         PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021


“(d) RESTRICTION.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant may not—
“(A) transfer, relinquish ownership of, dismantle, or recycle the Polar Sea or Polar Star;
“(B) change the current homeport of the Polar Sea or Polar Star; or
“(C) expend any funds—
“(i) for any expenses directly or indirectly associated with the decommissioning of the Polar Sea or Polar Star, including expenses for dock use or other goods and services;
“(ii) for any personnel expenses directly or indirectly associated with the decommissioning of the Polar Sea or Polar Star, including expenses for a decommissioning officer;
“(iii) for any expenses associated with a decommissioning ceremony for the Polar Sea or Polar Star;
“(iv) to appoint a decommissioning officer to be affiliated with the Polar Sea or Polar Star; or
“(v) to place the Polar Sea or Polar Star in inactive status.
“(2) SUNSET.—This subsection shall cease to have effect on September 30, 2022.
“(e) LIMITATION.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may not expend amounts appropriated for the Coast Guard for any of fiscal years 2015 through 2024, for—
“(A) design activities related to a capability of a Polar Security Cutter that is based solely on an operational requirement of a Federal department or agency other than the Coast Guard, except for amounts appropriated for design activities for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016; or
“(B) long-lead-time materials, production, or postdelivery activities related to such a capability.
“(2) OTHER AMOUNTS.—Amounts made available to the Secretary under an agreement with a Federal department or agency other than the Coast Guard and expended on a capability of a Polar Security Cutter that is based solely on an operational requirement of such Federal department or agency shall not be treated as amounts expended by the Secretary for purposes of the limitation under paragraph (1).
“(f) ENHANCED MAINTENANCE PROGRAM FOR THE POLAR STAR.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Commandant shall conduct an enhanced maintenance program on the Polar Star to extend the service life of such vessel until at least December 31, 2025.
“(2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—The Commandant may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902(1)(A), to carry out this subsection.
“(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
“(1) POLAR SEA.—The term ‘Polar Sea’ means Coast Guard Cutter Polar Sea (WAGB 11).
“(2) POLAR STAR.—The term ‘Polar Star’ means Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB 10).
“(3) HEALY.—The term ‘Healy’ means Coast Guard Cutter Healy (WAGB 20).”.