PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3927

or weaknesses in Afghanistan’s capability to minimize civilian casualties and other such harm.
“(C) An assessment of the progress of implementation of the Government of Afghanistan’s National Civilian Casualty and Mitigation and Prevention Policy.
“(D) An assessment of the Government of Afghanistan’s capacity and mechanisms to assess and investigate reports of civilian casualties.
“(11) DISTRICT-LEVEL STABILITY ASSESSMENT.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The production of a district-level stability assessment that displays the level of Government of Afghanistan versus insurgent control and influence of districts that the Department of Defense discontinued in 2018, to include district, population, and territorial control data.
“(B) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary of Defense shall make publicly available the assessments and data relating to the assessments described in subparagraph (A).
“(12) OTHER MATTERS.—Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines to be relevant.”.

SEC. 1220. REPORT ON OPERATION FREEDOM’S SENTINEL.
(a) FISCAL YEAR 2021.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report on Operation Freedom’s Sentinel for fiscal year 2021.
(b) FISCAL YEARS 2022 AND 2023.—To accompany the materials relating to Operation Freedom’s Sentinel submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget of the President (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report on Operation Freedom’s Sentinel.
(c) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report required by subsection (a) and each report required by subsection (b) shall include a list and description of activities, exercises, and funding amounts carried out under the operation, including—
(1) specific direct war costs;
(2) activities that occur in Afghanistan;
(3) activities that occur outside of Afghanistan, including training and costs relating to personnel;
(4) activities that are funded by any of the services that are part of the operation’s budget request;
(5) activities related to transportation, logistics, and other support; and
(6) any other matters the Secretary determines to be relevant.