134 STAT. 3952             PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

                           (1) Modernize and strengthen the presence of the United
             States Armed Forces, including those with advanced capabili-
             ties.
                           (2) Improve logistics and maintenance capabilities and the
             pre-positioning of equipment, munitions, fuel, and materiel.
                           (3) Carry out a program of exercises, training, experimen-
             tation, and innovation for the joint force.
                           (4) Improve infrastructure to enhance the responsiveness
             and resiliency of the United States Armed Forces.
                           (5) Build the defense and security capabilities, capacity,
             and cooperation of allies and partners.
             (c) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated
by this Act for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2021,
$2,234,958,000 is authorized to be made available to carry out
the Initiative required under subsection (a), as specified in the
funding tables in division D of this Act.
             (d) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than February 15, 2021, and
annually thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Com-
mander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall submit
to the congressional defense committees a report on future year
activities and resources for the Initiative that includes the following:
                           (1) A description of the activities and resources for the
first fiscal year beginning after the date of submission of the
report and the plan for not fewer than the four following
fiscal years, organized by the activities described in paragraphs
(1) through (5) of subsection (b).
                           (2) A summary of progress made towards achieving the
purposes of the Initiative.
                           (3) A summary of the activity, resource, capability, infra-
structure, and logistics requirements necessary to achieve meas-
urable progress in reducing risk to the joint force's ability
to achieve objectives in the region, including through invest-
ments in—
                           (A) active and passive defenses against unmanned
aerial systems and theater cruise, ballistic, and hypersonic
missiles;
                           (B) advanced long-range precision strike systems;
                           (C) command, control, communications, computers,
intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems;
                           (D) test range capacity, capability, and coordination;
                           (E) dispersed, resilient, and adaptive basing to support
distributed operations, including expeditionary airfields
and ports;
                           (F) advanced critical munitions;
                           (G) pre-positioned forward stocks of fuel, munitions,
equipment, and materiel;
                           (H) distributed logistics and maintenance capabilities;
                           (I) strategic mobility assets;
                           (J) improved interoperability and information sharing
with allies and partners;
                           (K) information operations capabilities;
                           (L) bilateral and multilateral military exercises and
training with allies and partners; and
                           (M) use of security cooperation authorities to further
build partner capacity.
                           (4) A detailed timeline to achieve the requirements identi-
fied under paragraph (3).