134 STAT. 4004                   PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

and capabilities advance the foreign policy and national security priorities of the relevant foreign countries.
    (5) The extent to which covered foreign military bases could be used to counter the defense priorities of the United States.
    (c) FORM.—Each briefing under subsection (a) shall be provided in classified form.
    (d) COVERED FOREIGN MILITARY BASE DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘covered foreign military base’’ means, with respect to a foreign country that is an adversary of the United States, a military base of that country located in a different country.
    (e) SUNSET.—The requirement to provide briefings under subsection (a) shall terminate after the briefing required to be provided by not later than February 15, 2025.

22 USC 2656j.

SEC. 1299F. COUNTERING WHITE IDENTITY TERRORISM GLOBALLY.
    (a) STRATEGY AND COORDINATION.—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall—
        (1) develop and submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a Department of State-wide strategy entitled the ‘‘Department of State Strategy for Countering White Identity Terrorism Globally’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘strategy’’); and 
        (2) designate the Coordinator for Counterterrorism of the Department to coordinate Department efforts to counter white identity terrorism globally, including with United States diplomatic and consular posts, the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, the Attorney General, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the heads of any other relevant Federal departments or agencies.
    (b) ELEMENTS.—The strategy shall at a minimum contain the following:
        (1) An assessment of the global threat from white identity terrorism abroad, including geographic or country prioritization based on the assessed threat to the United States.
        (2) A description of the coordination mechanisms between relevant bureaus and offices within the Department of State, as well as with United States diplomatic and consular posts, for developing and implementing efforts to counter white identity terrorism.
        (3) A description of how the Department plans to build on any existing strategy developed by the Bureau for Counterterrorism to—
            (A) adapt or expand existing Department programs, projects, activities, or policy instruments based on existing authorities for the specific purpose of degrading and delegitimizing white identity terrorist movement globally; and 
            (B) identify the need for any new Department programs, projects, activities, or policy instruments for the specific purpose of degrading and delegitimizing the white