PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021         134 STAT. 3439

“(4) Each annual aircraft procurement plan shall be submitted
in unclassified form, and shall contain a classified annex. A sum-
mary version of the unclassified report shall be made available
to the public.
“(d) ASSESSMENT WHEN AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT BUDGET IS
INSUFFICIENT TO MEET APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS.—If the budget
for any fiscal year provides for funding of the procurement of
aircraft for the Department of the Army, the Department of the
Navy, or the Department of the Air Force at a level that is not
sufficient to sustain the aviation force structure specified in the
aircraft procurement plan for such Department for that fiscal year
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include with the defense
budget materials for that fiscal year an assessment that describes
the funding shortfall and discusses the risks associated with the
reduced force structure of aircraft that will result from funding
aircraft procurement at such level. The assessment shall be coordi-
nated in advance with the commanders of the combatant commands.
“(e) ANNUAL REPORT ON AIRCRAFT INVENTORY.—(1) As part
of the annual plan and certification required to be submitted under
this section, the Secretary shall include a report on the aircraft
in the inventory of the Department of Defense.
“(2) Each report under paragraph (1) shall include the following,
for the year covered by such report, the following:
“(A) The total number of aircraft in the inventory.
“(B) The total number of the aircraft in the inventory
that are active, stated in the following categories (with appro-
priate subcategories for mission aircraft, training aircraft, dedi-
cated test aircraft, and other aircraft):
“(i) Primary aircraft.
“(ii) Backup aircraft.
“(iii) Attrition and reconstitution reserve aircraft.
“(C) The total number of the aircraft in the inventory
that are inactive, stated in the following categories:
“(i) Bailment aircraft.
“(ii) Drone aircraft.
“(iii) Aircraft for sale or other transfer to foreign
governments.
“(iv) Leased or loaned aircraft.
“(v) Aircraft for maintenance training.
“(vi) Aircraft for reclamation.
“(vii) Aircraft in storage.
“(D) The aircraft inventory requirements approved by the
Joint Chiefs of Staff.
“(3) Each report under paragraph (1) shall set forth each item
specified in paragraph (2) separately for the regular component
of each armed force and for each reserve component of each armed
force and, for each such component, shall set forth each type,
model, and series of aircraft provided for in the future-years defense
program that covers the fiscal year for which the budget accom-
panying the plan, certification and report is submitted.
“(f) BUDGET DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘budget’ means
the budget of the President for a fiscal year as submitted to Con-
gress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31.”.