PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                  134 STAT. 3803

minority-serving institutions), federally funded research and development centers, and individuals in defense-related research, development, test, and evaluation activities; 
‘‘(7) shall advise in the establishment of a strategic plan for outreach to, and recruiting from, untapped locations and underrepresented demographic groups; 
‘‘(8) shall coordinate with, and be supported by, the Office of People Analytics on studies, assessments, and related work relevant to diversity and inclusion; and 
‘‘(9) shall perform such additional duties and exercise such powers as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe.’’. 

(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title, as so amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘147. Chief Diversity Officer.’’. 

(b) SENIOR ADVISORS FOR DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS AND COAST GUARD.— 

(1) APPOINTMENT REQUIRED.—Each Secretary of a military department shall appoint within such military department a Senior Advisor for Diversity and Inclusion for such military department (and for the Armed Force or Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary). The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall appoint a Senior Advisor for Diversity and Inclusion for the Coast Guard. 

(2) QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATION.—Each Senior Advisor for Diversity and Inclusion shall be appointed from among persons who have an extensive management or business background and experience with diversity and inclusion. A person may not be appointed as Senior Advisor for Diversity and Inclusion within three years after relief from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular component of an Armed Force. 

(3) REPORTING.—A Senior Advisor for Diversity and Inclusion shall report directly to the Secretary of the military department within which appointed. The Senior Advisor for Diversity and Inclusion for the Coast Guard shall report directly to the Commandant of the Coast Guard. 

(4) DUTIES.—A Senior Advisor for Diversity and Inclusion, with respect to the military department and Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned— 
           (A) is responsible for providing advice, guidance, and coordination for all matters related to diversity and inclusion; 
           (B) shall advise in the establishment of training in diversity dynamics and training in practices for leading diverse groups effectively; 
           (C) shall advise and assist in evaluations and assessments of diversity; 
           (D) shall develop a strategic diversity and inclusion plan, which plan shall be consistent with the strategic plan developed and maintained pursuant to subsection (b)(3) of section 147 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section); 
           (E) shall develop strategic goals and measures of performance related to efforts to reflect the diverse population of the United States eligible to serve in the Armed Forces, which goals and measures of performance shall