134 STAT. 4352	 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

	(2) INTERGOVERNMENTAL EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
		“(H) INTERGOVERNMENTAL EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.—
			“(i) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force shall jointly establish, by memorandum of understanding, an intergovernmental executive committee (referred to in this subparagraph as the ‘executive committee’) in accordance with this subparagraph.
			“(ii) PURPOSE.—The executive committee shall be established for the purposes of—
				“(I) exchanging views, information, and advice relating to the management of the natural and cultural resources of the lands withdrawn and reserved by this section; and
				“(II) discussing and making recommendations to the interagency committee established under subparagraph (G) with respect to public access needs and requirements.
			“(iii) COMPOSITION.—The executive committee shall comprise the following members:
				“(I) FEDERAL AGENCIES.—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each appoint 1 representative from an interested Federal agency.
				“(II) STATE GOVERNMENT.—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force shall jointly invite 1 representative from the Nevada Department of Wildlife.
				“(III) LOCAL GOVERNMENTS.—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force shall jointly invite 1 county commissioner of each of Clark, Nye, and Lincoln Counties, Nevada.
				“(IV) TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS.—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force shall jointly invite 1 representative of each Indian tribe in the vicinity of the portions of the joint use area of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge where the Secretary of the Interior exercises primary jurisdiction.
				“(V) PUBLIC.—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force shall jointly invite not more than 3 private individuals who the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force jointly determine would further the goals and objectives of the executive committee.
				“(VI) ADDITIONAL MEMBERS.—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force may designate such additional members as the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force jointly determine to be appropriate.
			“(iv) OPERATION.—The executive committee shall operate in accordance with the terms set forth in the memorandum of understanding under clause (i), which shall specify the officials or other individuals to be