134 STAT. 3882          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

sections 502B and 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304 and 2378d).
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “appropriate congressional committees” means—
    (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and
    (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.
(2) The term “covered individual” means any foreign national (except foreign nationals of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom who have been granted a security clearance that is reciprocally accepted by the United States for access to classified information) who—
    (A) is seeking physical access to a Department of Defense installation or facility within the United States; and
    (B) is—
        (i) selected, nominated, or accepted for training or education for a period of more than 14 days occurring on a Department of Defense installation or facility within the United States; or
        (ii) an immediate family member accompanying any foreign national who has been selected, nominated, or accepted for such training or education.
(3) The term “United States” means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and Guam.
(4) The term “immediate family member” with respect to any individual means the parent, step-parent, spouse, sibling, step-sibling, half-sibling, child, or step-child of the individual.

10 USC 2302 note.

SEC. 1091. PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT MATTERS.
(a) BRIEFINGS ON FIELDING OF NEWEST GENERATIONS OF PPE TO THE ARMED FORCES.—
    (1) BRIEFINGS REQUIRED.—Not later than January 31, 2021, each Secretary of a military department shall submit to Congress a briefing on the fielding of the newest generations of personal protective equipment to the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary.
    (2) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include, for each Armed Force covered by such briefing, the following:
        (A) A description and assessment of the fielding of newest generations of personal protective equipment to members of such Armed Force, including the following:
            (i) The number (aggregated by total number and by sex) of members of such Armed Force issued the Army Soldiers Protective System and the Modular Scalable Vest Generation II body armor as of December 31, 2020.
            (ii) The number (aggregated by total number and by sex) of members of such Armed Force issued Marine Corps Plate Carrier Generation III body armor as of that date.