134 STAT. 4382          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

SEC. 3125. CONTINUED ANALYSIS OF APPROACHES FOR SUPPLE-
                    MENTAL TREATMENT OF LOW-ACTIVITY WASTE AT HAN-
                    FORD NUCLEAR RESERVATION.

 (a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days after the date of 
      the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall—

     (1) enter into an arrangement with a federally funded 
          research and development center to conduct a follow-on analy-
          sis to the analysis required by section 3134 of the National Defense
          Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 
          130 Stat. 2769) with respect to approaches for treating the 
          portion of low-activity waste at the Hanford Nuclear Reserva-
          tion, Richland, Washington, intended for supplemental treat-
          ment; and 

     (2) enter into an arrangement with the National Academies 
          of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to review the follow-
          on analysis conducted under paragraph (1).

 (b) COMPARISON OF ALTERNATIVES TO AID DECISIONMAKING.—
      The analysis required by subsection (a)(1) shall be designed, to 
      the greatest extent possible, to provide decisionmakers with the 
      ability to make a direct comparison between approaches for the 
      supplemental treatment of low-activity waste at the Hanford 
      Nuclear Reservation based on criteria that are relevant to deci-
      sionmaking and most clearly differentiate between approaches.

(c) ELEMENTS.—The analysis required by subsection (a)(1) shall 
     clearly lay out a framework of decisions to be made among the 
     treatment technologies, waste forms, and disposal locations by 
     including an assessment of the following:

     (1) The most effective potential technology for supplemental 
          treatment of low-activity waste that will produce an effective 
          waste form, including an assessment of the following:
        
           (A) The maturity and complexity of the technology.
           (B) The extent of previous use of the technology.
           (C) The life cycle costs and duration of use of the 
                technology.
           (D) The effectiveness of the technology with respect 
                to immobilization.
           (E) The performance of the technology expected under 
                permanent disposal.
           (F) The topical areas of additional study required for 
                the grout option identified in the analysis required by 
                section 3134 of the National Defense Authorization Act 
                for Fiscal Year 2017.

     (2) The differences among approaches for the supplemental 
          treatment of low-activity waste considered as of the date of 
          the analysis required by subsection (a)(1).

     (3) The compliance of such approaches with the technical 
          standards described in section 3134(b)(2)(D) of the National 
          Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017.

     (4) The differences among potential disposal sites for the 
          waste form produced through such treatment, including mitiga-
          tion of radionuclides, including technetium-99, selenium-79, and 
          iodine-129, on a system level.

     (5) Potential modifications to the design of facilities to 
          enhance performance with respect to disposal of the waste 
          form to account for the following:

          (A) Regulatory compliance.
          (B) Public acceptance.