PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021   134 STAT. 4629

private partnerships and feedback loops with respect to efforts by the United States Government to combat money laundering and other forms of illicit finance; and
(3) recommendations of the Comptroller General to reduce or eliminate any unnecessary collection by the United States Government of the information described in subsection (b)(1).

SEC. 6504. GAO CTR STUDY AND REPORT.

The Comptroller General of the United States shall—
(1) not later than January 1, 2025, commence a study
of currency transaction reports, which shall include—
(A) a review, carried out in consultation with the Secretary, FinCEN, the Attorney General, the State attorneys general, and State, Tribal, and local law enforcement, of 
the effectiveness of the currency transaction reporting
regime in effect as of the date of the study;
(B) an analysis of the importance of currency transaction reports to law enforcement; and
(C) an analysis of the effects of raising the currency
transaction report threshold; and
(2) not later than December 31, 2025, submit to the Secretary and Congress a report that includes—
(A) all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under paragraph (1); and
(B) recommendations for improving the currency transaction reporting regime.

SEC. 6505. GAO STUDIES ON TRAFFICKING.

(a) DEFINITION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING.—In this section, the term ‘‘human trafficking’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘severe
forms of trafficking in persons’’ in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).
(b) GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON STOPPING TRAFFICKING, ILLICIT FLOWS, LAUNDERING, AND EXPLOITATION.—
(1) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall carry out a study, in consultation with law enforcement, relevant Federal agencies, appropriate private sector stakeholders (including financial institutions and data and technology companies), academic and other research organizations (including survivor and victim advocacy organizations), and any other group that the Comptroller General determines is appropriate on—
(A) the major trafficking routes used by transnational
criminal organizations, terrorists, and others, and to what extent the trafficking routes for people (including children), drugs, weapons, cash, child sexual exploitation materials, or other illicit goods are similar, related, or contiguous;
(B) commonly used methods to launder and move the proceeds of trafficking;
(C) the types of suspicious financial activity that are
associated with illicit trafficking networks, and how financial institutions identify and report such activity;
(D) the nexus between the identities and finances of trafficked persons and fraud;
(E) the tools, guidance, training, partnerships, supervision, or other mechanisms that Federal agencies, including FinCEN, the Federal financial regulators, and