134 STAT. 3624                 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
      (C) DISTRIBUTION.—A resource guide under this para-
graph shall be presented to a military family by an installa-
tion Family Advocacy Program and military criminal inves-
tigative personnel when a covered incident of serious harm
to a child involving a child in such family is reported.
      (D) AVAILABILITY ON INTERNET.—A current version of
each resource guide under this paragraph shall be available
to the public on an Internet website of the military depart-
ment concerned available to the public.
      (7) INCIDENT DETERMINATION COMMITTEE DEFINED.—In this
subsection, the term ‘‘Incident Determination Committee’’
means a committee established at a military installation that
is responsible for reviewing reported incidents of child abuse
and determining whether such incidents constitute serious
harm to children according to the applicable criteria of the
Department of Defense.
(d) COORDINATION AND COLLABORATION WITH NON-MILITARY
RESOURCES.—
      (1) CONSULTATION WITH STATES.—The Secretary of Defense
shall—
            (A) continue the outreach efforts of the Department
Notification.                                                     of Defense to the States in order to ensure that States
are notified when a member of the Armed Forces or a
military dependent is involved in a reported incident of
serious harm to a child off a military installation; and
            (B) increase efforts at information sharing between
Memorandums.                the Department and the States on such incidents of
harm to children, including entry into memoranda of under-
standing with State child welfare agencies on information
sharing in connection with such incidents.
      (2) COLLABORATION WITH NATIONAL CHILDREN’S ALLIANCE.—
            (A) MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING.—The Secretary
of each military department shall seek to enter into a
memorandum of understanding with the National Chil-
dren’s Alliance, or similar organization, under which—
                    (i) the children’s advocacy center services of the
Alliance are available to all installations in the conti-
nental United States under the jurisdiction of such
Secretary; and
                     (ii) members of the Armed Forces under the juris-
diction of such Secretary are made aware of the nature
and availability of such services.
            (B) PARTICIPATION OF CERTAIN ENTITIES.—Each memo-
randum of understanding under this paragraph shall pro-
vide for the appropriate participation of the Family
Advocacy Program and military criminal investigative
organizations of the military department concerned in
activities under such memorandum of understanding.
            (C) BRIEFING.—Not later than one year after the date
Deadline.                    of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of each military
department shall provide to the Committees on Armed
Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives
a briefing on the status of the development of a memo-
randum of understanding with the National Children’s Alli-
ance under this paragraph, together with information on
which installations, if any, under the jurisdiction of such
Secretary have entered into a written agreement with a