PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3697

of opioid prescribing to ensure that the provider practices of medication-prescribing health professionals across the military health system conform with—
(1) the clinical practice guidelines of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs; and
(2) the prescribing guidelines published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Food and Drug Administration.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The requirements under subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) Providing oversight and accountability of opioid prescribing practices that are outside of the recommended parameters for dosage, supply, and duration as identified in the guideline published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention titled ‘‘CDC Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain—United States, 2016’’, or such successor guideline, and the guideline published by the Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs titled ‘‘DoD/VA Management of Opioid Therapy (OT) for Chronic Pain Clinical Practice Guideline, 2017’’ or such successor guideline.
(2) Implementing oversight and accountability responsibilities for opioid prescribing safety as specified in paragraph (1).
(3) Implementing systems to ensure that the prescriptions in the military health system data repository are appropriately documented and that the processing date and the metric quantity field for opioid prescriptions in liquid form are consistent within the electronic health record system known as ‘‘MHS GENESIS’’.
(4) Implementing opioid prescribing controls within the electronic health record system known as ‘‘MHS GENESIS’’ and document if an overdose reversal drug was co-prescribed.
(5) Developing metrics that can be used by the Defense Health Agency and each military medical treatment facility to actively monitor and limit the overprescribing of opioids and to monitor the co-prescribing of overdose reversal drugs as accessible interventions.
(6) Developing a report that tracks progression toward reduced levels of opioid use and includes an identification of prevention best practices established by the Department.
(7) Developing and implementing a plan to improve communication and value-based initiatives between pharmacists and medication-prescribing health professionals across the military health system.

SEC. 720. ADDITION OF BURN PIT REGISTRATION AND OTHER INFORMATION TO ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.
(a) UPDATES TO ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS.—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that—
(1) the electronic health record maintained by the Secretary for a member of the Armed Forces registered with the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry is updated with any information contained in such registry with respect to the member; and