PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3845

group, which shall make recommendations to enhance the integra-tion of programs, resources, and expertise to strengthen the Navy shipbuilding industrial base through greater stabilization of the workforce available to the Navy shipbuilding industrial base.

(b) DUTIES.—The working group established pursuant to sub-section (a) shall carry out the following activities:

(1) Analyze existing Department of the Navy shipbuilding contracts and other relevant information to better anticipate future employment trends and tailor support and opportunities for workers most vulnerable to upcoming workforce fluctua-tions.

(2) Identify existing Department of Labor programs for unemployed, underemployed, and furloughed employees that could benefit the Navy shipbuilding industrial base workforce during times of workload fluctuations and workforce instability, and explore potential partnerships to connect employees with appropriate resources.

(3) Explore possible cost sharing agreements to enable the Secretary of the Navy to contribute funding to existing Depart-ment of Labor workforce programs to support the Navy ship-building industrial base workforce.

(4) Examine possible programs that will specifically assist furloughed employees in the Navy shipbuilding industrial base workforce who may sporadically rely on unemployment benefits.

(5) Explore opportunities for unemployed, underemployed, or furloughed employees in the Navy shipbuilding industrial base workforce to receive workforce training through temporary partnerships with States, technical schools, community colleges, and other local workforce development opportunities.

(6) Review existing training programs for the Navy ship-building industrial base workforce to maximize relevant and necessary training opportunities that would broaden employee skillset during times of unemployment, underemployment, or furlough, where applicable.

(7) Assess the possibility of Navy shipbuilding employee support programs to weather a period of unemployment, under-employment, or furlough, including compensation options, alter-native employment, temporary stipends, or other worker sup-port opportunities.

(8) Study cross-State credentialing requirements and iden-tify any restrictions that inhibit the flexibility of the Navy shipbuilding industrial base workforce to seek employment opportunities across State lines, and make recommendations to streamline licensing, credentialing, certification, and qualifi-cation requirements within the shipbuilding industry.

(9) Review additional or new contracting authorities that could enable the Department of the Navy to award short-term, flexible contracts that will prioritize work for unemployed, underemployed, or furloughed employees within the Navy ship-building industrial base workforce.

(10) Identify specific workforce support programs to support suppliers of all sizes within the Navy shipbuilding industrial base, and assess any additional support from prime contractors that would improve the stability of such suppliers.

(11) Assess whether greater collaboration with the United States Coast Guard and its shipbuilding contractors and sub-contractors would improve Navy shipbuilding industrial base