134 STAT. 4100	PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Consultation.	risks in the United States and reducing the impact of cyber threats to non-Federal entities.

‘‘(e) FEEDBACK.—The Director shall consult with relevant State, local, Tribal, and territorial officials regarding the appointment, and State, local, Tribal, and territorial officials and other non- Federal entities regarding the performance, of the Cybersecurity State Coordinator of a State.’’.

6 USC 665e note.	(2) COORDINATION PLAN.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security shall establish and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs in the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security in the House of Representatives a plan describing the reporting structure and coordination processes and procedures of Cybersecurity State Coordinators within the Cybersecurity and Infra­structure Security Agency under section 2215 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by paragraph (1)(B).

(3) OVERSIGHT.—The Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a briefing on the placement and efficacy of the Cybersecurity State Coordinators appointed under section 2215 of the Home­land Security Act of 2002, as added by paragraph (1)(B), and the coordination required under paragraph (2)—

6 USC 665e note. 	(A) not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act; and

(B) not later than two years after providing the first briefing under this paragraph.

(4) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this subsection or the amendments made by this subsection may be construed to affect or otherwise modify the authority of Federal law enforcement agencies with respect to investigations relating to cybersecurity incidents.

(5) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2214 the following new item:
‘‘Sec. 2215. Cybersecurity State Coordinator.’’.

(b) STAKEHOLDER OUTREACH AND OPERATIONAL ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY AND IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—
Deadline.	(1) STRATEGY.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Home­land Security shall issue a strategy and subsequent implementation plan to improve stakeholder outreach and oper­ational engagement, including the Agency’s strategic and oper­ational goals and priorities for carrying out stakeholder engage­ment activities.

(2) CONTENTS.—The stakeholder outreach and operational engagement strategy and implementation plan issued pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A catalogue of the stakeholder engagement services delivered by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, including