134 STAT. 4616

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Approval.
Standards.
Procedures.
Certification.
Time period.
Compliance.

“(B) require the head of any requesting agency, on a non-delegable basis, to approve the standards and procedures utilized by the requesting agency and certify to the Secretary semi-annually that such standards and procedures are in compliance with the requirements of this paragraph;

“(C) require the requesting agency to establish and maintain, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, a secure system in which such beneficial ownership information provided directly by the Secretary shall be stored;

“(D) require the requesting agency to furnish a report to the Secretary, at such time and containing such information as the Secretary may prescribe, that describes the procedures established and utilized by such agency to ensure the confidentiality of the beneficial ownership information provided directly the Secretary;

Certification.
“(E) require a written certification for each authorized investigation or other activity described in paragraph (2) from the head of an agency described in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(I), or their designees, that—
	“(i) states that applicable requirements have been met, in such form and manner as the Secretary may prescribe; and
	“(ii) at a minimum, sets forth the specific reason or reasons why the beneficial ownership information is relevant to an authorized investigation or other activity described in paragraph (2);

“(F) require the requesting agency to limit, to the greatest extent practicable, the scope of information sought, consistent with the purposes for seeking beneficial ownership information;

“(G) restrict, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, access to beneficial ownership information to whom disclosure may be made under the provisions of this section to only users at the requesting agency—
	“(i) who are directly engaged in the authorized investigation or activity described in paragraph (2);
	“(ii) whose duties or responsibilities require such access;
	“(iii) who—
		“(I) have undergone appropriate training; or
		“(II) use staff to access the database who have undergone appropriate training;
	“(iv) who use appropriate identity verification mechanisms to obtain access to the information; and
	“(v) who are authorized by agreement with the Secretary to access the information;

Records.
“(H) require the requesting agency to establish and maintain, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, a permanent system of standardized records with respect to an auditable trail of each request for beneficial ownership information submitted to the Secretary by the agency, including the reason for the request, the name of the individual who made the request, the date of the request, any disclosure of beneficial ownership information made by or to the agency, and any other information the Secretary of the Treasury determines is appropriate;