PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 RECORDS

(A) a copy of the report, without change, in both classified and unclassified form; and 
(B) such comments as the Director, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and the heads of other relevant departments and agencies of the Federal Government, may have with respect to the report.
(2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.—In this subsection, the term “appropriate congressional committees” means—
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.

TITLE XCIV—SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY MATTERS

Subtitle A—Cybersecurity Matters
Sec. 9401. Improving national initiative for cybersecurity education.
Sec. 9402. Development of standards and guidelines for improving cybersecurity workforce of Federal agencies.
Sec. 9403. Modifications to Federal cyber scholarship-for-service program.
Sec. 9404. Additional modifications to Federal cyber scholarship-for-service program.
Sec. 9405. Cybersecurity in programs of the National Science Foundation.
Sec. 9406. Cybersecurity in STEM programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
Sec. 9407. National cybersecurity challenges.

Subtitle B—Other Matters
Sec. 9411. Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research. 
Sec. 9412. Industries of the future.
Sec. 9413. National Institute of Standards and Technology Manufacturing Extension Partnership program supply chain database.
Sec. 9414. Study on Chinese policies and influence in the development of international standards for emerging technologies.
Sec. 9415. Coordination with Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership Centers.

Subtitle A—Cybersecurity Matters

SEC. 9401. IMPROVING NATIONAL INITIATIVE FOR CYBERSECURITY EDUCATION.

(a) PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS GENERALLY.—Subsection (a) of section 401 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7451) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking “,” and inserting a semicolon;
(2) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (10);
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following:
“(6) supporting efforts to identify cybersecurity workforce skill gaps in public and private sectors;