PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4105

     “(D) Public and private partnerships.
     “(2) MEETINGS AND REPORTING.—Each subcommittee shall
meet not less frequently than semiannually, and submit to
the Advisory Committee for inclusion in the annual report
required under subsection (b)(4) information, including activi-
ties, findings, and recommendations, regarding subject matter
considered by the subcommittee.
     “(3) SUBJECT MATTER EXPERTS.—The chair of the Advisory
Committee shall appoint members to subcommittees and shall
ensure that each member appointed to a subcommittee has
subject matter expertise relevant to the subject matter of the
subcommittee.”
     (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents in section
1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296;
116 Stat. 2135), as so amended, is further amended by inserting
after the item relating to section 2215 the following new item:
“Sec. 2216. Cybersecurity Advisory Committee.”

SEC. 1719. CYBERSECURITY EDUCATION AND TRAINING ASSISTANCE
                    PROGRAM.
     (a) AUTHORITIES.—Section 2202(e)(1) of the Homeland Security
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 652(e)(1)) is amended by adding at the
end the following new subparagraph:
     “(R) To encourage and build cybersecurity awareness
and competency across the United States and to develop,
attract, and retain the cybersecurity workforce necessary
for the cybersecurity related missions of the Department,
including by—
          “(i) overseeing elementary and secondary cyberse-
     curity education and awareness related programs at
     the Agency;
          “(ii) leading efforts to develop, attract, and retain
     the cybersecurity workforce necessary for the cyberse-
     curity related missions of the Department;
          “(iii) encouraging and building cybersecurity
     awareness and competency across the United States;
     and
          “(iv) carrying out cybersecurity related workforce
     development activities, including through—
               “(I) increasing the pipeline of future cybersecu-
          rity professionals through programs focused on
          elementary and secondary education, postsec-
          ondary education, and workforce development; and
               “(II) building awareness of and competency
          in cybersecurity across the civilian Federal Govern-
          ment workforce.”.
     (b) EDUCATION, TRAINING, AND CAPACITY DEVELOPMENT.—Sec-
tion 2202(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 652(c))
is amended—
          (1) in paragraph (10), by striking “and” at the end;
          (2) by redesignating paragraph (11) as paragraph (12);
     and
          (3) by inserting after paragraph (10) the following new
     paragraph:
          “(11) provide education, training, and capacity development
     to Federal and non-Federal entities to enhance the security