PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021   134 STAT. 3549

Biodenfense Strategy and metrics for meeting each objective 
of the Strategy.
  (c) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary of Health and 
 Human Services, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Agri-
 culture, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, not later 
 than 6 months after the date of the completion of the assessment Deadline. described in subsection (d)(1)(A), submit the updated Implementation Plan to the appropriate congressional committees.
  (d) UPDATED BIODEFENSE THREAT ASSESSMENT.—
  (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretaries of Health and Human 
 Services, Defense, Agriculture, and Homeland Security, shall Consultation. jointly, and in consultation with the Director of National Intel-
 ligence, and other agency heads as appropriate—
  (A) conduct an assessment of current and potential 
   biological threats against the United States, both naturally 
   occurring and man-made, either accidental or deliberate, 
   including the potential for catastrophic biological threats, 
   such as a pandemic;
  (B) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment Deadline. 
   of this section, submit the findings of the assessment con-
   ducted under subparagraph (A) to the Federal officials described in subsection (d)(1)and the appropriate congfes- 
   sional committees described in subsection (e);
  (C) not later than 30 days after the date on which Deadline. 
   the assessment is submitted under subparagraph (B), con- Briefings. 
   duct a briefing for the appropriate congressional commit-
   tees on the findings of the assessment;
  (D) update the assessment under subparagraph (A) Time period. 
   biennially, as appropriate, and provide the findings of such 
   updated assessments to the Federal officials described in 
   subsection (d)(1) and the appropriate congressional commit-
   tees; and
  (E) conduct briefings for the appropriate congressional Briefings.
   committees as needed any time an assessment under this 
   paragraph is updated.
  (2) CLASSIFICATION AND FORMAT.—Assessments under para-
 graph (1) shall be submitted in an unclassified format and 
 include a classified annex, as appropriate.
  (e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DEFINED.—In 
 this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means 
 the following:
  (1) The Committees on Armed Services of the House of 
  Representatives and the Senate.
  (2) The Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House 
  of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, 
  Labor, and Pensions of the Senate.
  (3) The Committee on Homeland Security of the House 
  of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security 
  and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.
  (4) The Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-
  resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
  Forestry of the Senate.
  (5) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
  the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on 
  Intelligence of the Senate.