PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3709

of Health and Human Services under the Health Care
Quality Improvement Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11101 et seq.),
giving special emphasis to the results of external peer
reviews of the event.
(3) Validation of provider credentials and granting of clin-
ical privileges by the Director of the Defense Health Agency
for all health care providers at a military medical treatment
facility.
(4) Accreditation of military medical treatment facilities
by a recognized external accreditation body.
(5) Systematic measurement of indicators of health care
quality, emphasizing clinical outcome measures, comparison
of such indicators with benchmarks from leading health care
quality improvement organizations, and transparency with the
public of appropriate clinical measurements for military medical
treatment facilities.
(6) Systematic activities emphasized by leadership at all
organizational levels to use all elements of the Program to
eliminate unwanted variance throughout the health care system
of the Department of Defense and make constant improvements
in clinical quality.
(7) A full range of procedures for productive communication
between patients and health care providers regarding actual
or perceived adverse clinical events at military medical treat-
ment facilities, including procedures—
(A) for full disclosure of such events (respecting the
confidentiality of peer review information under a medical
quality assurance program under section 1102 of title 10,
United States Code);
(B) providing an opportunity for the patient to be heard
in relation to quality reviews; and
(C) to resolve patient concerns by independent, neutral
health care resolution specialists.
(c) ADDITIONAL CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to the elements of the Pro-
gram set forth in subsection (b), the Secretary shall establish
and maintain clinical quality management activities in relation
to functions of the health care system of the Department sepa-
rate from delivery of health care services in military medical
treatment facilities.
(2) HEALTH CARE DELIVERY OUTSIDE MILITARY MEDICAL
TREATMENT FACILITIES.—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Sec-
retary shall maintain policies and procedures to promote clinical
quality in health care delivery on ships and planes, in deployed
settings, and in all other circumstances not covered by sub-
section (b), with the objective of implementing standards and
procedures comparable, to the extent practicable, to those under
such subsection.
(3) PURCHASED CARE SYSTEM.—In carrying out paragraph
(1), the Secretary shall maintain policies and procedures for
health care services provided outside the Department but paid
for by the Department, reflecting best practices by public and
private health care reimbursement and management systems.