134 STAT. 3956 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(6) affirms the commitment of the United States to continue to address war legacy issues, including through dioxin remediation, unexploded ordnance removal, accounting for prisoners of war and soldiers missing in action, and other activities; and (7) supports deepening defense cooperation between the United States and Vietnam, in support of United States interests and international law, including with respect to maritime security, cybersecurity, counterterrorism, information sharing, human rights, humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, military medicine, peacekeeping operations, defense trade, and other areas.

10 USC 333 note. SEC. 1256. PILOT PROGRAM TO IMPROVE CYBER COOPERATION WITH VIETNAM, THAILAND, AND INDONESIA.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may establish, using existing authorities of the Department of Defense, a pilot program in Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia— (1) to enhance the cyber security, resilience, and readiness of the military forces of Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia; and (2) to increase regional cooperation between the United States and Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia on cyber issues. (b) ELEMENTS.—The activities of the pilot program under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Provision of training to military officers and civilian officials in the ministries of defense of Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia. (2) The facilitation of regular dialogues and trainings among the Department of Defense and the ministries of defense of Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia with respect to the development of infrastructure to protect against foreign cyber attacks. (3) To undertake, as part of cyber cooperation, training that includes curricula expressly relating to human rights, the rule of law, and internet freedom. (c) REPORTS.— (1) DESIGN OF PILOT PROGRAM.—Not later than June 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the design of the pilot program under subsection (a). (2) PROGRESS REPORT.—Not later than December 31, 2021, and annually thereafter until the date on which the pilot program terminates under subsection (e), the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the pilot program that includes— (A) a description of the activities conducted and the results of such activities; (B) an assessment of reforms relevant to cybersecurity and technology in enhancing the cyber security, resilience, and readiness of the military forces of Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia;