PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 4081

not been acknowledged publicly by the United States; and
‘‘(C)(i) is determined to—
‘‘(I) have a medium or high collateral effects estimate;
‘‘(II) have a medium or high intelligence gain or loss;
‘‘(III) have a medium or high probability of political retaliation, as determined by the political military assessment contained within the associated concept of operations;
‘‘(IV) have a medium or high probability of detection when detection is not intended; or
‘‘(V) result in medium or high collateral effects;

or
‘‘(ii) is a matter the Secretary determines to be appropriate.
‘‘(2) The actions described in this paragraph are the following:
‘‘(A) An offensive cyber operation.
‘‘(B) A defensive cyber operation.’’.

SEC. 1703. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR QUARTERLY
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER OPERATIONS
BRIEFINGS FOR CONGRESS.

Section 484 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following new subsections:
‘‘(a) BRIEFINGS REQUIRED.—The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Commander of United States Cyber Command, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, or designees from each of their offices, shall provide to the congressional defense committees quarterly briefings on all offensive and significant defensive military operations in cyberspace, including clandestine cyber activities, carried out by the Department of Defense during the immediately preceding quarter.
‘‘(b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the military operations in cyberspace described in such subsection, the following:
‘‘(1) An update, set forth separately for each applicable geographic and functional command, that describes the operations carried out in the area of operations of that command or by that command.
‘‘(2) An update, set forth for each applicable geographic and functional command, that describes defensive cyber operations executed to protect or defend forces, networks, and equipment in the area of operations of that command.
‘‘(3) An update on relevant authorities and legal issues applicable to operations, including any presidential directives and delegations of authority received since the last quarterly update.
‘‘(4) An overview of critical operational challenges posed by major adversaries or encountered in operational activities conducted since the last quarterly update.
‘‘(5) An overview of the readiness of the Cyber Mission Forces to perform assigned missions that—

Updates.