PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

the report under paragraph (1) in which the project is included.

(c) EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATION.—Section 2002 of a National Defense Authorization Act for a fiscal year covered by the pilot program shall apply with respect to the authorization of a military construction project carried out under the pilot program pursuant to that National Defense Authorization Act in the same manner as such section applies to the authorization of military construction projects contained in titles XXI through XXIII of that National Defense Authorization Act.
(d) COVERED FISCAL YEARS.—The pilot program shall be carried out for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2025, as provided in the National Defense Authorization Act for that fiscal year.

SEC. 2866. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY PILOT PROGRAM FOR DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF ONLINE REAL ESTATE INVEN- TORY TOOL.
(a) PILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED.—
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of the Army shall establish a pilot program for the development of an online real estate tool to identify the existing inventory of space avail- able at the Army installations selected by the Secretary under paragraph (2) for the purposes specified in subsection (b).
(2) SELECTION OF PILOT LOCATIONS.—The Secretary shall evaluate the online inventory tool at not less than five, but not more than 10, Army installations selected by the Secretary as appropriate locations for evaluation of the online inventory tool.
(3) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall establish the pilot program and develop the online inventory tool in consultation with the Administrator of General Services and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment.
(b) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the online inventory tool are—
(1) to achieve efficiencies in real estate property manage-ment consistent with the National Defense Strategy goal of finding greater efficiencies within Department of Defense operations;
(2) to provide a means to better market to the public information regarding space available at Army installations for better utilization of such space; and
(3) to provide a means to better quantify existing space available at Army installations and how it is utilized for current missions and requirements.
(c) CONSIDERATIONS.—To establish the pilot program, the Secretary of the Army shall—
(1) consider innovative approaches, including the use of other transaction authorities consistent with section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, and the use of commercial off- the-shelf technologies;
(2) develop appropriate protections of sensitive or classified information from being included with the online inventory tool; and
(3) develop appropriate levels of access for private sector users of the online inventory tool.
(d) ESTABLISHMENT OF USE POLICY.—In connection with the development of the online inventory tool, the Secretary of the Army shall develop policy requiring the use of the 10 USC 7771 note prec. Evaluation. Applicability. Evaluation. 134 STAT. 4361