PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3949

(B) to maintain a robust military presence in Germany so as to deter aggression against the United States and its allies and partners.

(b) LIMITATION.—The Secretary of Defense may not reduce the total number of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who are stationed in the Federal Republic of Germany below 34,500 until 120 days after the date on which the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, submits to the appropriate congressional committees a written assessment that contains the following:

(1) An analysis of whether the reduction in the total number of Armed Forces serving on active duty who are stationed in Germany would be in the national security interest of the United States and would not detract from United States military posture and alignment in the European theater.

(2) An analysis of the impact of such a reduction on the security of the United States as well as the security of allies and partners of the United States in Europe.

(3) An analysis of the impact of such a reduction on the deterrence and defense posture of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).

(4) An analysis of the impact of such a reduction on the ability of the Armed Forces to execute contingency plans of the Department of Defense, including ongoing operations executed by United States Central Command and United States Africa Command.

(5) An analysis of the costs that would be incurred to relocate families or additional costs for relocation of associated infrastructure.

(6) An analysis of the impact of such a reduction on military training and major military exercises, including on interoperability and joint activities with allies and partners.

(7) A description of the consultations made with United States allies and partners in Europe, including a description of the consultations with each member of NATO, regarding such a reduction.

(8) A description of the capabilities that would be impacted in Germany and any actions designed to mitigate such a reduction.

(9) A detailed description of the requirements for the Department of Defense to effectuate any relocation and redeployment of members of the Armed Forces from Germany and associated relocation of military families.

(10) A detailed analysis of the impact of the reduction and redeployment of military capabilities on the ability of the United States to meet commitments under the North Atlantic Treaty as well as the ability to support operations in the Middle East and Africa.

(11) A detailed analysis of the impact of such reduction and redeployment on the implementation of the National Defense Strategy and on Joint Force Planning.

(12) A detailed analysis of the cost implications of such a reduction and redeployment, to include the cost of any associated new facilities to be constructed or existing facilities to be renovated at the location to which the members of the Armed Forces are to be moved and stationed and the costs associated with rotational deployments.
