134 STAT. 4814           PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

            ‘‘(4) COORDINATION.—In pursuing national cybersecurity 
       challenges under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall coordinate 
       with the following:

                    ‘‘(A) The Director of the National Science Foundation.
                    ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Homeland Security.
                    ‘‘(C) The Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
                    ‘‘(D) The Director of the Office of Science and Tech­nology Policy.
                    ‘‘(E) The Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
                    ‘‘(F) The Administrator of the General Services Administration.
                    ‘‘(G) The Federal Trade Commission.
                    ‘‘(H) The heads of such other Federal agencies as the Secretary of Commerce considers appropriate for purposes of this section.

           ‘‘(5) SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCE OF FUNDS.—

                    ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Pursuant to section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719), the Secretary shall request and accept funds from other Federal agencies, State, United States territory, local, or Tribal government agencies, private sector for-profit entities, and nonprofit entities to support efforts to pursue a national cybersecurity challenge under this section.
                    ‘‘(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in subpara­graph (A) may be construed to require any person or entity to provide funds or otherwise participate in an effort or competition under this section.
      
           ‘‘(c) RECOMMENDATIONS.—

                    ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out this section, the Sec­retary of Commerce shall designate an advisory council to seek recommendations.
                    ‘‘(2) ELEMENTS.—The recommendations required by para­graph (1) shall include the following:
                          ‘‘(A) A scope for efforts carried out under subsection (b).
                          ‘‘(B) Metrics to assess submissions for prizes under competitions carried out under subsection (b) as the submissions pertain to the national cybersecurity chal­lenges established under subsection (a).
                    ‘‘(3) NO ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION.—The Secretary may not provide any additional compensation, except for travel expenses, to a member of the advisory council designated under paragraph (1) for participation in the advisory council.’’.
      
           (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—Section 201(a)(1) of such Act 
       (15 U.S.C. 7431(a)(1)) is amended—
                    (1) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semi­colon;
                    (2) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as subparagraph (L); and
                    (3) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following:
                         ‘‘(K) implementation of section 205 through research and development on the topics identified under subsection (a) of such section; and’’.