PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4843

in any employment decision by the institution, including employment through consulting or part-time opportunities, on the basis of—

(1) whether they are citizens or nationals of, or holders of a passport issued by, a member country of, or a state or other jurisdiction that receives assistance from, the international financial institution; or
(2) any other consideration that, in the determination of the Secretary, unfairly disadvantages Taiwan nationals with respect to employment at the institution.

(c) WAIVER AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of the Treasury may waive subsection (b) for not more than 1 year at a time after reporting to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate that providing the waiver—
(1) will substantially promote the objective of equitable treatment for Taiwan nationals at the international financial institutions; or
(2) is in the national interest of the United States, with a detailed explanation of the reasons therefor.

(d) PROGRESS REPORT.—The Chairman of the National Advisory Council on International Monetary and Financial Policies shall submit to the committees specified in subsection (c) an annual report, in writing, that describes the progress made toward advancing the policy described in subsection (b), and a summary of employment trends with respect to Taiwan nationals at the international financial institutions.

(e) INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTION DEFINED.—In this section, the term “international financial institutions” has the meaning given the term in section 1701(c)(2) of the International Financial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c)(2)).

(f) SUNSET.—The preceding provisions of this section shall have no force or effect beginning on the earlier of—
(1) the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act; or
(2) the date that the Secretary of the Treasury reports to the committees specified in subsection (c) that each international financial institution has adopted the policy described in subsection (b).

TITLE XCIX—CREATING HELPFUL INCENTIVES TO PRODUCE SEMICONDUCTORS...

...FOR AMERICA

Sec. 9901. Definitions. Sec. 9902. Semiconductor incentives. Sec. 9903. Department of Defense. Sec. 9904. Department of Commerce study on status of microelectronics technologies in the United States industrial base. Sec. 9905. Funding for development and adoption of measurably secure semiconductors and measurably secure semiconductors supply chains. Sec. 9906. Advanced microelectronics research and development. Sec. 9907. Prohibition relating to foreign entities of concern. Sec. 9908. Defense Production Act of 1950 efforts.

15 USC 4651.

SEC. 9901. DEFINITIONS.
In this title:
(1) The term “appropriate committees of Congress” means—
