PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021            134 STAT. 3511

especially the Department of Defense and other appropriate Federal agencies, to improve the relative effectiveness of United States activities to recruit and retain researchers, scientists, and other technical experts relative to China.

(c) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date of the execution of an agreement under subsection (a), the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall—
(A) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine with respect to the review carried out under this section and the recommendations developed under this section; and
(B) make available to the public on a publicly accessible website a version of report that is suitable for public viewing.
(2) FORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1)(A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.

TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations.

Subtitle B—Energy and Environment
Sec. 311. Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Clearinghouse for review of mission obstructions.
Sec. 312. Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration Program.
Sec. 313. Extension of real-time sound monitoring at Navy installations where tactical fighter aircraft operate.
Sec. 314. Modification of authority for environmental restoration projects of National Guard.
Sec. 315. Modification of authority to carry out military installation resilience projects.
Sec. 316. Energy resilience and energy security measures on military installations.
Sec. 317. Modification to availability of energy cost savings for Department of Defense energy resilience.
Sec. 318. Increase transparency through reporting on usage and spills of aqueous film-forming foam at military installations.
Sec. 319. Native American lands environmental mitigation program.
Sec. 320. Study on alternatives to address impacts of transboundary flows, spills, or discharges of pollution or debris from the Tijuana River on personnel, activities, and installations of Department of Defense.
Sec. 321. Pilot program on alternative fuel vehicle purchasing.
Sec. 322. Budgeting of Department of Defense relating to operational energy improvement.
Sec. 323. Assessment of Department of Defense operational energy usage.
Sec. 324. Improvement of the Operational Energy Capability Improvement Fund of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 325. Five-year review of containment technologies relating to Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility.
Sec. 326. Limitation on use of funds for acquisition of furnished energy for Rhine Ordnance Barracks Army Medical Center.
Sec. 327. Requirement to update Department of Defense adaptation roadmap.
Sec. 328. Department of Defense report on greenhouse gas emissions levels.
Sec. 329. Objectives, performance standards, and criteria for use of wildlife conservation banking programs.
Sec. 330. Prizes for development of non-PFAS-containing fire-fighting agent.
Sec. 331. Survey of technologies for Department of Defense application in phasing out the use of fluorinated aqueous film-forming foam.