134 STAT. 3760			PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

the congressional defense committees a demonstration and briefing on the progress of the Secretary in implementing sub- sections (a) through (c). The briefing shall include an expla- nation of how the results of the demonstration activities carried out under subsection (c) will be incorporated into the policy and guidance required under subsection (d), particularly the policy and guidance of the members of the steering committee established under subsection (c).

Deadline.			(2) BRIEFING ON LEGISLATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not 
later than February 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall 
submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and of the House of Representatives a briefing that identifies 
any changes to existing law that may be necessary to facilitate 
the implementation of subsections (a) through (c).
			(3) DEMONSTRATION OF PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT.—In 
conjunction with the budget of the President for fiscal year 
2023 (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 
31, United States Code), the Deputy Secretary of Defense shall 
schedule a demonstration of the portfolio management capa- 
bility developed under subsection (b) with the congressional 
defense committees.
10 USC 113 note. 		SEC. 837. SAFEGUARDING DEFENSE-SENSITIVE UNITED STATES 
		INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, TECHNOLOGY, AND OTHER 
		DATA AND INFORMATION.
Coordination,		(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina- Procedures.		tion with relevant departments and agencies— 
			(1) identify policies and procedures protecting defense-sen- 
			sitive United States intellectual property, technology, and other 
			data and information, including hardware and software, from 
			acquisition by the government of China; and 
			(2) to the extent that the Secretary determines that such 
			policies and procedures are insufficient to provide such protec- 
			tion, develop additional policies and procedures. 
(b) MATTERS CONSIDERED.—In developing the policies and 
procedures under subsection (a), the Secretary shall take the fol- 
lowing actions: 
List.			(1) Establish and maintain a list of critical national security 
			technology that may require certain restrictions on current or former employees, contractors, or subcontractors (at any 
			tier) of the Department of Defense that contribute to such 
			technology.
Review.			(2) Review the existing authorities under which employees 
			of the Department of Defense may be subject to post-employ- 
			ment restrictions with foreign governments and with organiza- 
			tions subject to foreign ownership, control, or influence. 
			(3) Identify additional measures that may be necessary 
			to enhance the authorities described in paragraph (2). 
China.	
Determination.	(c) POST-EMPLOYMENT MATTERS.—The Secretary shall consider 
mechanisms to restrict current or former employees of contractors 
or subcontractors (at any tier) of the Department of Defense that 
contribute significantly and materially to a technology referred 
to in subsection (b)(1) from working directly for companies wholly 
owned by the government of China, or for companies that have 
been determined by a cognizant Federal agency to be under the 
ownership, control, or influence of the government of China.