134 STAT. 3600

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

Implementation
plan.
Costs.
Timeline.
Deadline.
Effective date.
Determination.

grade of such information, if any, relating to an officer or enlisted member, as applicable, that is currently furnished to such a selection board as the Secretary considers appropriate for redaction or removal in order to eliminate inappropriate bias in the promotion selection process.
(2) An assessment of the anticipated effects on the promotion process for officers or enlisted members, as applicable, of the redaction or removal from information furnished to selection boards of information recommended for redaction or removal pursuant to paragraph (1).
(3) An implementation plan that describes and assesses the manner in which the redaction or removal of such information will be achieved, including a description an assessment of the following:
(A) Any required changes to policies, processes, or systems, including any information technology required.
(B) The cost of implementing such changes.
(C) The estimated timeline for completion of the implementation of such changes (which may not be later than the day that is two years after the date of the report).
(D) The duty title of the officer or employee of the Department Defense to be assigned responsibility for implementing such changes.
SEC. 525. REPORT REGARDING REVIEWS OF DISCHARGES AND DISMISSALS BASED ON SEXUAL ORIENTATION.
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding the number of former members of the Armed Forces who—
(1) were discharged or dismissed from the Armed Forces;
(2) on or after September 21, 2011, applied to the Secretary of the military department concerned for an upgrade in the characterization of such discharge or dismissal; and
(3) assert in such application that such discharge or dismissal arose from a policy of the Department of Defense regarding the sexual orientation of a member before September 21, 2011.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report under this section shall include the following:
(1) The number of applications described in subsection (a) and the percentages of such applications granted and denied, disaggregated by—
(A) Armed Force;
(B) grade;
(C) characterization of discharge or dismissal originally received; and
(D) characterization of discharge or dismissal received pursuant to an application described in subsection (a)(2).
(2) If the Secretary can determine the number without reviewing applications described in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis, the number of such applications—
(A) that were denied; and
(B) in which the discharge or dismissal was based solely on misconduct of the discharged or dismissed member.