PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3961

(2) A description of the role of such transfers of defense articles and services in supporting Taiwan in maintaining the capabilities, readiness levels, and resourcing necessary to fulfill and implement Taiwan’s Overall Defense Concept.
(3) A description of—
(A) United States efforts to conduct a regularized process for consideration of transfers of defense articles and services to Taiwan; and
(B) any barriers to conducting such a process.
(c) SUNSET.—This section shall cease to have effect on December 31, 2026.

SEC. 1260B. REPORT ON UNITED STATES-TAIWAN MEDICAL SECURITY PARTNERSHIP.
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility of establishing a medical security partnership with the Ministry of Defense of Taiwan that shall include the following:
(1) The goals and objectives of developing a medical security partnership on issues related to pandemic preparedness and control.
(2) A discussion of current and future plans to cooperate on medical security activities.
(3) An evaluation of the feasibility of cooperating on a range of activities under the partnership, including—
(A) research and production of vaccines and medicines;
(B) joint conferences with scientists and experts;
(C) collaboration relating to and exchanges of medical supplies and equipment; and
(D) the use of hospital ships such as the United States Naval Ship Comfort and United States Naval Ship Mercy.
(4) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate.

SEC. 1260C. ESTABLISHMENT OF CAPABILITIES TO ASSESS THE DEFENSE TECHNOLOGICAL AND INDUSTRIAL BASES OF CHINA AND OTHER FOREIGN ADVERSARIES.
(a) ASSESSMENTS.—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies as appropriate, shall define intelligence and other information requirements, sources, and organizational responsibilities for assessing the defense technological and industrial bases of foreign adversaries and conducting comparative analyses of such technological and industrial bases with respect to their resilience and capacity to support their strategic objectives. The requirements, sources, and responsibilities shall include—
(1) examining the competitive military advantages of foreign adversaries, including with respect to regulation, raw materials, use of energy and other natural resources, education, labor, and capital accessibility;
(2) assessing relative cost, speed of product development, age and value of the installed capital base, leadership’s technical competence and agility, nationally-imposed inhibiting conditions by foreign adversaries, the availability of human