134 STAT. 4574           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                ‘‘(A) an emphasis on using innovative approaches such
                as machine learning or other enhanced data analytics proc-
                esses;
                ‘‘(B) risk-based testing, oversight, and other risk
                management approaches of the regime, prior to and after
                implementation, to facilitate calibration of relevant systems
                and prudently evaluate and monitor the effectiveness of
                their implementation;

Criteria.                ‘‘(C) specific criteria for when and how risk-based
                testing against existing processes should be considered to
                test and validate the effectiveness of relevant systems and
                situations and standards for when other risk management
                processes, including those developed by or through third
                party risk and compliance management systems, and over-
                sight may be more appropriate;
                ‘‘(D) specific standards for a risk governance framework
                for financial institutions to provide oversight and to pru-
                dently evaluate and monitor systems and testing processes
                both pre- and post-implementation;
               ‘‘(E) requirements for appropriate data privacy and
                information security; and
               ‘‘(F) a requirement that the system configurations,
                including any applicable algorithms and any validation
                of those configurations used by the regime be disclosed
                to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the
                appropriate Federal functional regulator upon request.
Requirements.
Requirements.     ‘‘(3) CONFIDENTIALITY OF ALGORITHMS.—

Disclosure.                ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If a financial institution or any
                director, officer, employee, or agent of any financial institu-
                tion, voluntarily or pursuant to this subsection or any
                other authority, discloses the algorithms of the financial
                institution to a government agency, the algorithms and
                any materials associated with the creation or adaption
                of such algorithms shall be considered confidential and
                not subject to public disclosure.

                ‘‘(B) FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—Section 552(a)(3)
                of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information
                Act’) shall not apply to any request for algorithms described
                in subparagraph (A) and any materials associated with
                the creation or adaptation of the algorithms.
                ‘‘(4) DEFINITION.—In this subsection, the term ‘Federal
                functional regulator’ means—
                               ‘‘(A) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
                                  System;
                               ‘‘(B) the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency;
                               ‘‘(C) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
                               ‘‘(D) the National Credit Union Administration;
                               ‘‘(E) the Securities and Exchange Commission; and
12 USC 3305                    ‘‘(F) the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.’’.
note.
         (b) UPDATE OF MANUAL.—The Financial Institutions Examina-
tion Council shall ensure that any manual prepared by the Council
is—
              (1) updated to reflect the rulemaking required by subsection
o) section 5318 of title 31, United States Code, as added
by subsection (a) of this section; and