PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

District 17 that are able and available to provide the services described in such subsection.
    (c) LIMITATION.—The full and open competitive procedures described in subsection (a) may only be used to acquire such services
from a business located in Coast Guard District 17 that is able and available to provide such services.


SEC. 8221. MODIFICATION OF ACQUISITION PROCESS AND PROCEDURES.
   
    (a) EXTRAORDINARY RELIEF.—
          (1) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter III of chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the
following:

      “§ 1157. Extraordinary relief
     “(a) IN GENERAL.—With respect to any prime contracting entity
receiving extraordinary relief pursuant to the Act entitled ‘An Act
to authorize the making, amendment, and modification of contracts to facilitate the national defense’, approved August 28, 1958 (Public Law 85-804; 50 U.S.C. 1432 et seq.) for a major acquisition, the
Secretary shall not consider any further request by the prime contracting entity for extraordinary relief under such Act for such major acquisition.
    “(b) INAPPLICABILITY TO SUBCONTRACTORS.—The limitation under subsection (a) shall not apply to subcontractors of a prime contracting entity.
    “(c) QUARTERLY REPORT.—Not less frequently than quarterly during each fiscal year in which extraordinary relief is approved
pursuant to this section for the acquisition of Offshore Patrol Cutters, the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes in detail such relief and the compliance of the entity with the oversight measures required as a condition of receiving such relief.”.

       (2) ANALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 11.—The analysis for chapter 11
of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1156 the following:

“1157. Extraordinary relief.”.

   (b)  NOTICE TO CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO BREACH OF CONTRACT.—Section 1135 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

     “(d) NOTICE TO CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO BREACH OF CONTRACT.—Not later than 48 hours after the Commandant becomes
aware that a major acquisition contract cannot be carried out under the terms specified in the contract, the Commandant shall provide
a written notification to the Committee on Commerce, Science,
and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that
includes—

    “(1) a description of the terms of the contract that cannot
be met; and
    “(2) an assessment of whether the applicable contract officer has issued a cease and desist order to the contractor based on the breach of such terms of the contract.”.
