134 STAT. 4362	 PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

at the Army installations selected under subsection (a)(2) to query for existing inventory at such installations before any military construction or off-post leases are agreed to for such installations. Certification. The Secretary shall ensure that all relevant notifications to congressional defense committees include certification that the online inventory tool was used.
(e) ONLINE INVENTORY TOOL DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘online inventory tool’’ means the online real estate tool developed under the pilot program to identify existing inventory of space available at Army installations selected to participate in the pilot program.
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to effect the application of title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.).
(g) REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Not later than February 15, 2025, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives Evaluations. a report evaluating the success of the pilot program in achieving the purposes specified in subsection (b). At a minimum, the report also shall identify and contain the following:
(1) The Army installations selected under subsection (a)(2) to participate in the pilot program.
(2) The number of real estate agreements entered into by the Department of the Army that were facilitated by use of the online inventory tool, including for each agreement the installation, amount of space, value, and purpose of the agreement.
(3) An evaluation of the extent to which use of the online inventory tool reduced the need for military construction or off-post leases.
(4) An evaluation of any impediments to efficient use of the online inventory tool.
(5) The recommendations of the Secretary regarding whether the pilot program should be extended, expanded, or made permanent.
(h) DURATION.—The authority of the Secretary of the Army Expiration date. to conduct the pilot program shall expire on September 30, 2025.


Subtitle H—Miscellaneous Studies and Reports

SEC. 2871. REPORTS REGARDING DECISION-MAKING PROCESS USED TO LOCATE OR RELOCATE MAJOR HEADQUARTERS AND CERTAIN MILITARY UNITS AND WEAPON SYSTEMS.
(a) ONE-TIME REPORT ON DECISION-MAKING PROCESS.—
(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than March 1, 2021, each Secretary of a military department (and the Secretary of Defense with respect to matters concerning the Defense Agencies and the Joint Staff) shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate regarding the process to be used by the Secretary concerned to make basing decisions for each Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned in the following circumstances:
(A) Whenever a military installation is to be selected to serve as the first permanent location for a new major