134 STAT. 4534			PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

publicly-available, artificial intelligence-ready government and non-government data sets and a research environment with appropriate educational tools and user support.
(2) OWNERSHIP.—The term “ownership” means responsibility and accountability for the implementation, deployment, and ongoing development of the National Artificial Intelligence Research Resource, and for providing staff support to that effort.

TITLE LII—NATIONAL ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE RESEARCH INSTITUTES

Sec. 5201. National Artificial Intelligence Research Institutes.
15 USC 9431.
SEC. 5201. NATIONAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RESEARCH
INSTITUTES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subject to the availability of funds appropriated for this purpose, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall establish a program to award financial assistance for the planning, establishment, and support of a network of Institutes (as described in subsection (b)(2)) in accordance with this section.
(b) FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TO ESTABLISH AND SUPPORT
NATIONAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RESEARCH
Determination. INSTITUTES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.— Subject to the availability of funds appropriated for this purpose, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of commerce, the Director of the National Science Foundation, and every other agency head may award financial assistance to an eligible entity, or consortia thereof, as determined by an agency head, to establish and support an Institute.
(2) ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE INSTITUTES.—An Institute described in this subsection is an artificial intelligence research institute that—
(A) is focused on—
(i) a particular economic or social sector, including health, education, manufacturing, agriculture, security, energy, and environment, and includes a component that addresses the ethical, societal, safety, and security implications relevant to the application of artificial intelligence in that sector; or
(ii) a cross-cutting challenge for artificial intelligence systems, including trustworthiness, or foundational science;
(B) requires partnership among public and private organizations, including, as appropriate, Federal agencies, institutions of higher education, including community colleges, nonprofit research organizations, Federal laboratories, State, local, and Tribal governments, industry, including startup companies, and civil society organizations, including civil rights and disability rights organizations (or consortia thereof);
(C) has the potential to create an innovation ecosystem, or enhance existing ecosystems, to translate Institute research into applications and products, as appropriate to the topic of each Institute;