134 STAT. 3946			PUBLIC LAW 116-283―JAN. 1, 2021

		(ii) by striking “; or” and inserting a semicolon;
		(B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and
		(C) by adding at the end the following:
				“(iii) provided for those vessels underwriting services or insurance or reinsurance necessary or essential for the completion of such a project;
				“(iv) provided services or facilities for technology upgrades or installation of welding equipment for, or retrofitting or tethering of, those vessels if the services or facilities are necessary or essential for the completion of such a project; or
				“(v) provided services for the testing, inspection, or certification necessary or essential for the completion or operation of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline; and”; and
		(3) by adding at the end the following:
		“(C) the consultations carried out pursuant to subsection (i) and describes the nature of the consultations and any concerns raised by the government of Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or any member country of the European Union.”.
	(b) EXCEPTION.―Subsection (e) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following:
		“(6) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN GOVERNMENTS AND GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES.―Sanctions under this section shall not apply with respect to―
				“(A) the European Union;
				“(B) the government of Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or any member country of the European Union; or
				“(C) any entity of the European Union or a government described in subparagraph (B) that is not operating as a business enterprise.”.
	(c) WAIVER.―Subsection (f) of such section is amended to read as follows:
			“(f) NATIONAL INTEREST WAIVER.―The President may waive the application of sanctions under this section with respect to a person if the President―
		President.
				“(1) determines that the waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and
		Reports.
				“(2) submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the waiver and the reasons for the waiver.”.
	(d) CONSULTATIONS; REPORT.―Such section is further amended―
		(1) by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (k); and
		(2) by inserting after subsection (h) the following:
		“(i) CONSULTATIONS.―Before imposing sanctions under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult with the relevant governments of Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and member countries of the European Union with respect to the imposition of such sanctions.
		Consultation.
		“(j) REPORT ON IMPACT OF SANCTIONS.―Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021, and annually thereafter until all sanctions imposed under this section have terminated under subsection (h), the Secretary