134 STAT. 3716       PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(c) REPORTS.—The Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives—

     (1) not later than December 1, 2021, a report containing preliminary observations with respect to the assessment under subsection (a); and

     (2) at such time and in such format as is mutually agreed upon by the committees and the Comptroller General, a report containing the final results of such assessment.

(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

     (1) The term “civilian” means an individual who is not—
   
          (A) a member of the Armed Forces;
          
          (B) a contractor of the Department of Defense; or
          
          (C) a civilian employee of the Department.
          
     (2) The term “covered beneficiary” has the meaning given that term in section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code.
     
     (3) The term “poverty line” has the meaning given that term in section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902).

SEC. 750. STUDY ON THE INCIDENCE OF CANCER DIAGNOSIS AND MORTALITY AMONG MILITARY AVIATORS AND AVIATION SUPPORT PERSONNEL.

(a) STUDY.—

     (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Directors of the National Institutes of Health and the National Cancer Institute, shall conduct a study on cancer among covered individuals in two phases as provided in this subsection.
     
         (2) PHASE 1.—
         
         (A) IN GENERAL.—Under the initial phase of the study conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall determine if there is a higher incidence of cancers occurring for covered individuals as compared to similar age groups in the general population through the use of the database of the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results program of the National Cancer Institute.
         
         (B) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings of the initial phase of the study under subparagraph (A).
    
        (3) PHASE 2.—
        
        (A) IN GENERAL.—If, pursuant to the initial phase of the study under paragraph (2), the Secretary concludes that there is an increased rate of cancers among covered individuals, the Secretary shall conduct a second phase of the study under which the Secretary shall do the following:
        
             (i) Identify the carcinogenic toxins or hazardous materials associated with military flight operations from shipboard or land bases or facilities, such as fuels, fumes, and other liquids.
             
             (ii) Identify the operating environments, including frequencies or electromagnetic fields, where exposure to ionizing radiation (associated with high altitude