PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3571

standards used by the promotion board that recommended the person for promotion.

‘‘(4) The recommendation for promotion of a person may be sustained under this section only if the special selection review board determines that the person—
‘‘(A) ranks on an order of merit created by the special selection review board as better qualified for promotion than the sample officer highest on the order of merit list who was considered by and not recommended for promotion by the promotion board concerned; and
‘‘(B) is comparable in qualification for promotion to those sample officers who were recommended for promotion by that promotion board.
‘‘(5) A recommendation for promotion of a person may be sustained under this section only by a vote of a majority of the members of the special selection review board.
‘‘(6) If a special selection review board does not sustain a recommendation for promotion of a person under this section, the person shall be considered to have failed of selection for promotion.

‘‘(e) REPORTS.—(1) Each special selection review board convened under this section shall submit to the Secretary of the military department concerned a written report, signed by each member of the board, containing the name of each person whose recommendation for promotion it recommends for sustainment and certifying that the board has carefully considered the record and information of each person whose name was referred to it.
‘‘(2) The provisions of sections 14109(c), 14110, and 14111 of this title apply to the report and proceedings of a special selection review board convened under this section in the same manner as they apply to the report and proceedings of a promotion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title.

‘‘(f) APPOINTMENT OF PERSONS.—(1) If the report of a special selection review board convend under this section recommends the sustainment of the recommendation for promotion to the next higher grade of a person whose name was referred to it for review under this section, and the President approves the report, the person shall, as soon as practicable, be appointed to that grade in accordance with section 14308 of this title.
‘‘(2) A person who is appointed to the next higher grade as described in paragraph (1) shall, upon that appointment, have the same date of rank, the same effective date for the pay and allowances of that grade, and the same position on the reserve active-status list as the person would have had pursuant to the original recommendation for promotion of the promotion board concerned.
‘‘(g) REGULATIONS.—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. Such regulations shall apply uniformly across the military departments.
‘‘(2) Any regulation prescribed by the Secretary of a military department to supplement the regulations prescribed pursuant to paragraph(1) may not take effect without the approval of the Secretary of Defense, in writing.
8h) PROMOTION BOARD DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘promotion board’ means a selection board convened by the Secretary of a military department under section 14101(a) of this title.’’.

(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1407 of such title is amended by inserting 10 USC 14501 prec.
