134 STAT. 4840                PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) in subparagraph (A)—

(A) in the heading, by adding “OR ASSESSMENT” at the end; and

(B) by striking “subsection (b) that concludes action under this section” and inserting “this subsection that concludes action under this section, or upon the Committee making a notification under paragraph (1)(C)(v)(III)(aa)(DD)”; and

(2) in subparagraph (B)(i)—

(A) in subclause (I), by striking “and” at the end;

(B) in subclause (II), by striking the period at the end and inserting “; and”; and

(C) by adding at the end the following:

“(III) whether the transaction is described under clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) of subsection (a)(4)(B).”

(b) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 1727(a) of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–232) is amended—

(A) in paragraph (3), by striking “(4)(C)(v)” and inserting “(4)(A)(i)”; and

(B) in paragraph (4), by striking “subparagraph (B)” and inserting “subparagraph (C)”.

(2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of enactment of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018.

50 USC 4565 
note.

50 USC 4565 
note.



22 USC 261 note
prec.

SEC. 9722. ENSURING CHINESE DEBT TRANSPARENCY.

(a) UNITED STATES POLICY AT THE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONS.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the 
United States Executive Director at each international financial 
institution (as defined in section 1701(c)(2) of the International 
Financial Institutions Act) that it is the policy of the United States 
to use the voice and vote of the United States at the respective 
institution to seek to secure greater transparency with respect 
to the terms and conditions of financing provided by the government 
of the People’s Republic of China to any member state of the 
respective institution that is a recipient of financing from the 
institution, consistent with the rules and principles of the Paris 
Club.

(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—The Chairman of the National Advisory 
Council on International Monetary and Financial Policies shall 
include in the annual report required by section 1701 of the Inter­national Financial Institutions Act—

(1) a description of progress made toward advancing the 
policy described in subsection (a) of this section; and

(2) a discussion of financing provided by entities owned 
or controlled by the government of the People’s Republic of 
China to the member states of international financial institu­tions that receive financing from the international financial 
institutions, including any efforts or recommendations by the 
Chairman to seek greater transparency with respect to the 
foregoing financing.

(c) SUNSET.—Subsections (a) and (b) of this section shall have 
no force or effect after the earlier of—

Recommendations.