134 STAT. 4732

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

the original appointment and in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.).

(3) FUNCTIONS.—The Advisory Committee shall carry out all of the following functions:
(A) Develop a set of policy recommendations that would enhance the leadership role played by the United States in improving the safety and reliability of Arctic maritime transportation in accordance with customary international maritime law and existing Federal authority. Such policy recommendations shall consider options to establish a United States entity that could perform the following functions in accordance with United States law and customary international maritime law:
(i) Construction, operation, and maintenance of current and future maritime infrastructure necessary for vessels transiting the Arctic Sea Routes, including potential new deep draft and deepwater ports.
(ii) Provision of services that are not widely commercially available in the United States Arctic that would—
(I) improve Arctic maritime safety and environmental protection;
(II) enhance Arctic maritime domain awareness; and
(III) support navigation and incident response for vessels transiting the Arctic Sea Routes.
(iii) Establishment of rules of measurement for vessels and cargo for the purposes of levying voluntary rates of charges or fees for services.
(B) As an option under subparagraph (A), consider establishing a congressionally chartered seaway development corporation modeled on the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, and—
(i) develop recommendations for establishing such a corporation and a detailed implementation plan for establishing such an entity; or
(ii) if the Advisory Committee decides against recommending the establishment of such a corporation, provide a written explanation as to the rationale for the decision and develop an alternative, as practicable.
(C) Provide advice and recommendations, as requested, to the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating on Arctic marine transportation, including seaway development, and consider national security interests, where applicable, in such recommendations.
(D) In developing the advice and recommendations under subparagraph (C), engage with and solicit feedback from coastal communities, Alaska Native subsistence co-management groups, and Alaska Native tribes.
(d) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Advisory Committee shall submit a report with its recommendations under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (c)(3) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives.