134 STAT. 4714                  PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

            “(E) Application by vessel traffic operators of traffic
          management authority during near-miss incidents and
          marine casualties.
            “(F) Other additional methods as the Secretary con-
          siders appropriate.
       “(3) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the
     enactment of this paragraph, and biennially thereafter, the
     Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science,
     and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on
     Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-
     tives a report on the evaluation conducted under paragraph
     (1) of the performance of vessel traffic service centers,
     including—

Recommendations.
               “(A) recommendations to improve safety and perform-
            ance; and
Data.
               “(B) data regarding marine casualties and near-miss
            incidents that have occurred during the period covered
            by the report.
       “(f) RISK ASSESSMENT PROGRAM.—
Evaluation.
         “(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall develop a continuous
       risk assessment program to evaluate and mitigate safety risks
       for each vessel traffic service area to improve safety and reduce
       the risks of oil and hazardous material discharge in navigable
       waters.
Coordination. 
Public
information.
Standard.
         “(2) METHOD FOR ASSESSMENT.—The Secretary, in coordina-
       tion with stakeholders and the public, shall develop a standard
       method for conducting risk assessments under paragraph (1)
       that includes the collection and management of all information
       necessary to identify and analyze potential hazardous naviga-
       tional trends within a vessel traffic service area.
         “(3) INFORMATION TO BE ASSESSED.—
Data.
             “(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall ensure that a
           risk assessment conducted under paragraph (1) includes
           an assessment of the following:

                “(i) Volume of vessel traffic, categorized by type
             of vessel.
                “(ii) Total volume of flammable, combustible, or
             hazardous liquid cargo transported, categorized by
             vessel type as provided in the Notice of Arrival, if
             applicable, or as determined by other means.
                “(iii) Data on near-miss events incidents.
Data.
                “(iv) Data on marine casualties.
                “(v) Geographic locations for near-miss events
             incidents and marine casualties, including latitude and
             longitude.
                “(vi) Cyclical risk factors such as weather, seasonal
             water body currents, tides, bathymetry, and topog-
             raphy.
Data.
                “(vii) Weather data, in coordination with the
             National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Procedures.
             “(B) INFORMATION STORAGE AND MANAGEMENT POLI-
           CIES.—The Secretary shall retain all information collected
           under subparagraph (A) and ensure policies and procedures
           are in place to standardize the format in which that
           information is retained to facilitate statistical analysis of
           that information to calculate within a vessel traffic service