134 STAT. 4800

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(i) information and communications technology manufacturers, suppliers, service providers, and vendors;
(ii) subject matter experts representing industrial sectors other than the technology sector that can benefit from the Internet of Things, including the transportation, energy, agriculture, and health care sectors;
(iii) small, medium, and large businesses;
(iv) think tanks and academia;
(v) nonprofit organizations and consumer groups;
(vi) security experts;
(vii) rural stakeholders; and
(viii) other stakeholders with relevant expertise, as determined by the Secretary.
(D) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the steering committee shall submit to the working group a report that includes any findings or recommendations of the steering committee.
(E) INDEPENDENT ADVICE.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—The steering committee shall set the agenda of the steering committee in carrying out the duties of the steering committee under subparagraph (B).
(ii) SUGGESTIONS.—The working group may suggest topics or items for the steering committee to study, and the steering committee shall take those suggestions into consideration in carrying out the duties of the steering committee.
(iii) REPORT.—The steering committee shall ensure that the report submitted under subparagraph (D) is the result of the independent judgment of the steering committee.
(F) NO COMPENSATION FOR MEMBERS.—A member of the steering committee shall serve without compensation.
(G) TERMINATION.—The steering committee shall terminate on the date on which the working group submits the report under paragraph (6).
(6) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to Congress a report that includes—
(i) the findings and recommendations of the working group with respect to the duties of the working group under paragraph (2);
(ii) the report submitted by the steering committee under paragraph (5)(D), as the report was received by the working group;
(iii) recommendations for action or reasons for inaction, as applicable, with respect to each recommendation made by the steering committee in the report submitted under paragraph (5)(D); and
(iv) an accounting of any progress made by Federal agencies to implement recommendations made by the working group or the steering committee.
(B) COPY OF REPORT.—The working group shall submit a copy of the report described in subparagraph (A) to—