PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021           134 STAT. 4407

Senate a briefing on the results of the study required 
under paragraph (1); and
 (B) make such results publicly available on an appro-
priate website.  

SEC. 3509. PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION ABOUT STUDENTS AND 
RECENT GRADUATES OF MARITIME ACADEMIES. 

Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall make publicly available 
on an appropriate website data, as available, on the following: 
 (1) The number of individuals who graduated from the 
United States Merchant Marine Academy and from each State 
Maritime Academy during the five-year period preceding the 
date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (2) The number of such individuals who have become 
employed in, or whose status qualifies under, each of the fol-
lowing categories: 
 (A) Maritime Afloat. 
 (B) Maritime Ashore. 
 (C) Armed Forces of the United States. 
 (D) Non-maritime. 
 (E) Graduate studies. 
 (F) Unknown. 
 (3) The number of students in each class at each State 
Maritime Academy who are receiving as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act, or who received during such five-year 
period, funds under the student incentive payment program 
under section 51509 of title 46, United States Code.
 (4) The number of students described under paragraph 
(3) who used partial student incentive payments and who grad-
uated without an obligation under such program.
 (5) The number of students described under paragraph 
(3) who graduated with an obligation under such program. 
SEC. 3510. MARINER LICENSING AND CREDENTIALING FOR M/V 
LISERON. 
 (a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsection (b) and 
subject to subsection (c), for purposes of licensing and credentialing 
of mariners, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall prescribe 
a tonnage measurement as a small passenger vessel, as defined 
in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code, for the M/V 
LISERON (United States official number 971339) for purposes of 
applying the optional regulatory measurement under section 14305 
and under chapter 145 of such title. 
 (b) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect 
to the vessel referred to in such subsection if the length of the 
vessel exceeds its length on the date of enactment of this Act.
 (c) RESTRICTIONS.—The vessel referred to in subsection (a) is 
subject to the following restrictions:
 (1) The vessel may not operate outside the inland waters 
of the United States, as established under section 151 of title 
33, United States Code, when carrying passengers for hire 
and operating under subsection (a).  
 (2) The Secretary may issue a restricted credential as 
appropriate for a licensed individual employed to serve on 
such vessel under prescribed regulations.