134 STAT. 4802            PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

                (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections 
          (g) and (h), respectively; and
                (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new sub-
          section (f):
                ‘‘(f) Foreign Malign influence campaigns on social media 
          platforms targeting elections for federal office. —
                    ‘‘(1) Reports.—
                          ‘‘(A) Requirement.— Not later than 90 days before the 
                date of each regularly scheduled general election for Fed-
                eral office, the Director of the Center shall submit to the 
                appropriate congressional committees a report on foreign 
                malign influence campaigns on and across social media 
                platforms targeting such election.
                          ‘‘(B) Matters included. — Each report under subpara-
                graph (A) shall include an analysis of the following:
                                ‘‘(i) The patterns, tools, and techniques of foreign 
                          malign influence campaigns across all platforms on 
                          social media by a covered foreign country targeting 
                          a regularly scheduled general election for Federal 
                          office.
                                ‘‘(ii) Inauthentic accounts and ‘bot’ networks across 
                          platforms, including the scale to which such accounts 
                          or networks exist, how platforms currently act to 
                          remove such accounts or networks, and what percent-
                          age of such accounts or networks have been removed 
                          during the period covered by the report.
                                ‘‘(iii) The estimated reach and impact of intentional 
                          or weaponized disinformation by inauthentic accounts 
                          and ‘bot’ networks, including an analysis of amplifi-
Estimate.            cation by users and algorithmic distribution.
                                ‘‘(iv) The trends of types of media that are being 
                          used for dissemination through foreign malign influ-
                          ence campaigns, including machine-manipulated 
                          media, and the intended targeted groups.
                          ‘‘(C) Initial report.— Not later than August 1, 2021, 
                the Director of the Center shall submit to the appropriate 
                congressional committees a report under subparagraph (A) 
                addressing the regularly scheduled general election for Fed-
                eral office occurring during 2020.
                          ‘‘(D) Form.— Each report under this paragraph shall 
                be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include 
                a classified annex.
          Assessments.          ‘‘(2) Briefings. —
          Reports.
          Coordination.          ‘‘(A) Requirement.— Not later than 30 days after the 
               date on which the Director submits each report required 
               congressional committees a report under paragraph (1), 
               the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with 
               the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Secu- 
               rity, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga- 
               tion, shall provide to such committees a briefing assessing 
               threats from foreign malign influence campaigns on social 
               media from covered countries to the regularly scheduled 
               general election for Federal office covered by the report.
                          ‘‘(B) Matters to be included.— Each briefing under 
                subparagraph (A) shall include the following:
                                ‘‘(i) The patterns, tools, and techniques of foreign 
                          malign influence campaigns across all platforms on