PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3747

(5) SECRETARY CONCERNED.—The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given in section 101(9) of title 10, United States Code.
SEC. 809. ASSESSMENTS OF THE PROCESS FOR DEVELOPING CAPA-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
ACQUISITION PROGRAMS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense and the individual
appointed under section 2361a(c) of title 10, United States Code,
(in this section referred to as the ‘‘Director’’) shall each—
(1) conduct an assessment of the processes for developing
and approving capability requirements for the acquisition pro-
grams of the Department of Defense and each military depart-
ment; and
(2) develop recommendations for reforming such process Recommendations.
to improve the agility and timeliness of such process.
(b) ASSESSMENT ELEMENTS.—Each assessment conducted under
subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) An assessment of the—
(A) adherence of the capability requirements develop-
ment and approval processes to statute, regulations, poli-
cies, and directives;
(B) alignment and standardization of the capability
requirements development, acquisition, and budget proc-
esses;
(C) technical feasibility of each approved capability
requirement;
(D) training and development of the workforce in capa-
bility requirements development and evaluation;
(E) ability of the process for developing capability
requirements to address the urgent needs of the Depart-
ment of Defense;
(F) capacity to review changes in capability require-
ments for programs of record;
(G) validation of decisions made to approve capability
requirements and the alignment of each such decision to
the national defense strategy required under section 113(g)
of title 10, United States Code;
(H) extent to which portfolio management techniques
are used in the process for developing capability require-
ments to coordinate decisions and avoid duplication of
capabilities across acquisition programs; and
(I) implementation by each military department of
Comptroller General of the United States recommendations
pertaining to the process for developing and approving
capability requirements.
(2) A comprehensive analysis of the circumstances and Analysis.
factors contributing to the length of time between the start
of a Capabilities-Based Assessment and the date the Joint
Requirements Oversight Council approves the related Capa-
bility Development Document.
(3) Identification and comparison of best practices in the
private sector and the public sector for the development and
approval of capability requirements.
(4) Any additional matters that the Secretary or Director
determine appropriate.
(c) REPORTS.—