PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021	134 STAT. 3711

(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the duration of the demonstration project, the Secretary shall administer a survey to determine—

	(A) how many members of the Armed Forces or spouses of such members give birth while their spouse or birthing partner is unable to be present due to deployment, training, or other mission requirements;

	(B) how many single members of the Armed Forces give birth alone; and 

	(C) how many members of the Armed Forces or spouses of such members use doula, lactation consultant, or lactation counselor support.

(2) MATTERS COVERED BY SURVEYS.—The surveys administered under paragraph (1) shall include an identification of the following:

	(A) The race, ethnicity, age, sex, relationship status, Armed Force, military occupation, and rank, as applicable, of each individual surveyed.

	(B) If individuals surveyed were members of the Armed Forces or the spouses of such members, or both.

	(C) The length of advanced notice received by individuals surveyed that the member of the Armed Forces would be unable to be present during the birth, if applicable.

	(D) Any resources or support that the individuals surveyed found useful during the pregnancy and birth process, including doula, lactation consultant, or lactation counselor support.

(f) REPORTS.— 

	(1) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan to implement the demonstration project.

	(2) ANNUAL REPORT.— 

		(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year after the date on which the demonstration project commences, and annually thereafter for the duration of the demonstration project, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the cost of the demonstration project and the effectiveness of the demonstration project in improving quality of care and the maternal and fetal outcomes of covered beneficiaries enrolled in the demonstration project.

		(B) MATTERS COVERED—Each report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall address, at a minimum, the following:


(i) The number of covered beneficiaries who are enrolled in the demonstration project.

(ii) The number of enrolled covered beneficiaries who have participated in the demonstration project.

(iii) The results of the surveys under subsection (e).

(iv) The cost of the demonstration project.

(v) An assessment of the quality of care provided to participants in the demonstration project.