PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3733

reduce operating and support costs or a certification by the Sec-
retary concerned that such critical operating and support cost
growth is necessary to meet national security requirements.

‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
‘‘(1) COVERED SYSTEM.—The term ‘covered system’ shall
have the meaning given in section 2337 of this title.
‘‘(2) CRITICAL OPERATING AND SUPPORT COST GROWTH.—
The term ‘critical operating and support cost growth’ means
operating and support cost growth—

‘‘(A) of at least 25 percent more than the estimate
documented in the most recent independent cost estimate
for the covered system; or
‘‘(B) of at least 50 percent more than the estimate
documented in the original Baseline Estimate (as defined
in section 2435(d) of this title) for the covered system.’’.

(d) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United
States shall—
(A) annually, select 10 covered systems for which a
sustainment review has been submitted under section
2441(d) of title 10, United States Code; and
(B) submit to the congressional defense committees
an assessment of the steps taken by Secretaries concerned
to quantify and address critical operating and support cost
growth with respect to such covered systems.
(2) CONTENTS.—Each assessment described in paragraph
(1) shall include—
Assessments.
Evaluations.
Recommendations.
(A) an evaluation of—
(i) the causes of critical operating and support
cost growth for each such covered system;
(ii) the extent to which the Secretary concerned
has mitigated critical operating and support cost
growth of such covered system; and
(iii) any other issues related to potential critical
operating and support cost growth the Comptroller
General determines appropriate; and
(B) any recommendations, including steps the Secre-
taries concerned could take to reduce critical operating
and support cost growth for covered systems and lessons
learned to be incorporated in covered system acquisitions.
(3) TERMINATION.—The requirement under this subsection 
shall terminate on September 30, 2025.
(4) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection, the terms ‘covered 
system’ and ‘critical operating and support cost growth’ have 
the meanings given, respectively, in section 2441 of title 10, 
United States Code.
(e) REPORT ON SUSTAINMENT PLANNING PROCESSES FOR NON-
MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM ACTIVITIES.—Not later than
December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the
congressional defense committees a report on the process for
ensuring that timely and robust sustainment planning processes
are in place for all acquisition activities. The report shall include
a discussion of—
(1) sustainment planning processes for each—
(A) acquisition program or project that is carried out
using the rapid fielding or rapid prototyping acquisition
pathway under section 804 of the National Defense