134 STAT. 3438            PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

provided for under the plan is capable of supporting the national military strategy of the United States as set forth in the most recent National Defense Strategy submitted under section 113(g) of this title and the most recent National Military Strategy submitted under section 153(b) of this title.

“(2) Each annual aircraft procurement plan shall include the following:
    “(A) A detailed program for the procurement of the aircraft specified in subsection (b) for each of the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force over the next 15 fiscal years.
    “(B) A description of the aviation force structure necessary to meet the requirements of the national military strategy of the United States.
    “(C) The estimated levels of annual investment funding necessary to carry out each aircraft program, together with a discussion of the procurement strategies on which such estimated levels of annual investment funding are based, set forth in aggregate for the Department of Defense and in aggregate for each military department.
    “(D) The estimated level of annual funding necessary to operate, maintain, sustain, and support each aircraft program throughout the life-cycle of the program, set forth in aggregate for the Department of Defense and in aggregate for each military department.
    “(E) For each of the cost estimates required by subparagraphs (C) and (D)—
        “(i) a description of whether the cost estimate is derived from the cost estimate position of the military department concerned or from the cost estimate position of the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation;
        “(ii) if the cost estimate position of the military department and the cost estimate position of the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation differ by more than 5 percent for any aircraft program, an annotated cost estimate difference and sufficient rationale to explain the difference;
        “(iii) the confidence or certainty level associated with the cost estimate for each aircraft program; and
        “(iv) a certification that the calculations from which the cost estimate is derived are based on common cost categories used by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment for calculating the life-cycle cost of an aircraft program.
    “(F) An assessment by the Secretary of Defense of the extent to which the combined aircraft forces of the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force meet the national security requirements of the United States.
“(3) For any cost estimate required by subparagraph (C) or (D) of paragraph (2) for any aircraft program for which the Secretary is required to include in a report under section 2332 of this title, the source of the cost information used to prepare the annual aircraft plan shall be derived from the Selected Acquisition Report data that the Secretary plans to submit to the congressional defense committees in accordance with subsection (f) of that section for the year for which the annual aircraft procurement plan is prepared.