134 STAT. 4778        PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(d) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term “Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and Conformance” means an email authentication, policy, and reporting protocol that verifies the authenticity of the sender of an email and blocks and reports to the sender fraudulent accounts.

SEC. 9007. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY LARGE-SCALE NON-INTRUSIVE INSPECTION SCANNING PLAN.
Deadline.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a plan for increasing to 100 percent the rate of high-throughput scanning of commercial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic entering the United States at land ports of entry and rail-border crossings along the border using large-scale non-intrusive inspection systems or similar technology to enhance border security.
(b) BASELINE INFORMATION.—The plan under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following information regarding large-scale non-intrusive inspection systems or similar technology operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection at land ports of entry and rail-border crossings as of the date of the enactment of this Act:
Inventory.
(1) An inventory of large-scale non-intrusive inspection systems or similar technology in use at each land port of entry.
(2) For each system or technology identified in the inventory under paragraph (1)—
(A) the scanning method of such system or technology;
(B) the location of such system or technology at each land port of entry that specifies whether in use in preprimary, primary, or secondary inspection area, or some combination of such areas;
(C) the percentage of commercial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic scanned by such system or technology;
(D) seizure data directly attributed to scanned commercial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic; and
(E) the number of personnel required to operate each system or technology.
(3) Information regarding the continued use of other technology and tactics used for scanning, such as canines and human intelligence in conjunction with large scale, nonintrusive inspection systems.
(c) ELEMENTS.—The plan under subsection (a) shall include the following elements:
Deadline.
(1) Benchmarks for achieving incremental progress towards 100 percent high-throughput scanning within the next 6 years of commercial and passenger vehicles and freight rail traffic entering the United States at land ports of entry and rail-border crossings along the border with corresponding projected incremental improvements in scanning rates by fiscal year and rationales for the specified timeframes for each land port of entry.
Cost estimates.
(2) Estimated costs, together with an acquisition plan, for achieving the 100 percent high-throughput scanning rate within the timeframes specified in paragraph (1), including acquisition,