PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4525

(1) ensure continued United States leadership in artificial intelligence research and development;
(2) lead the world in the development and use of trustworthy artificial intelligence systems in the public and private sectors;
(3) prepare the present and future United States workforce for the integration of artificial intelligence systems across all sectors of the economy and society; and
(4) coordinate ongoing artificial intelligence research, development, and demonstration activities among the civilian agencies, the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community to ensure that each informs the work of the others.
(b) INITIATIVE ACTIVITIES.—In carrying out the Initiative, the President, acting through the Initiative Office, the Interagency Committee, and agency heads as the President considers appropriate, shall carry out activities that include the following:
(1) Sustained and consistent support for artificial intelligence research and development through grants, cooperative agreements, testbeds, and access to data and computing resources.
(2) Support for K–12 education and postsecondary educational programs, including workforce training and career and technical education programs, and informal education programs to prepare the American workforce and the general public to be able to create, use, and interact with artificial intelligence systems.
(3) Support for interdisciplinary research, education, and workforce training programs for students and researchers that promote learning in the methods and systems used in artificial intelligence and foster interdisciplinary perspectives and collaborations among subject matter experts in relevant fields, including computer science, mathematics, statistics, engineering, social sciences, health, psychology, behavioral science, ethics, security, legal scholarship, and other disciplines that will be necessary to advance artificial intelligence research and development responsibly.
(4) Interagency planning and coordination of Federal artificial intelligence research, development, demonstration, standards engagement, and other activities under the Initiative, as appropriate.
(5) Outreach to diverse stakeholders, including citizen groups, industry, and civil rights and disability rights organizations, to ensure public input is taken into account in the activities of the Initiative.
(6) Leveraging existing Federal investments to advance objectives of the Initiative.
(7) Support for a network of interdisciplinary artificial intelligence research institutes, as described in section 5201(b)(7)(B).
(8) Support opportunities for international cooperation with strategic allies, as appropriate, on the research and development, assessment, and resources for trustworthy artificial intelligence systems.
(c) LIMITATION.—The Initiative shall not impact sources and methods, as determined by the Director of National Intelligence.
(d) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this division shall be construed as—