134 STAT. 3774                    PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

		(5) An evaluation of the benefits of a robust domestic
    supply chain for providing strategic and critical materials, as
    needed, to manufacturers in the defense industrial base.
		(6) An evaluation of the effects of the use of waivers by
    the Strategic Materials Protection Board established under sec-
    tion 187 of title 10, United States Code, on the domestic supply
    of strategic and critical materials.
		(7) Recommendations for policies and procedures to ensure
    a capability within the Department of Defense to secure stra-
    tegic and critical materials necessary for emerging technologies,
    as well as antimicrobial products, minerals, and metals for
    use in medical equipment and other technologies.
		(8) An identification of improvements required to the
    National Defense Stockpile in order to ensure the Secretary
    of Defense has access to the strategic and critical materials
    identified pursuant to paragraph (1).
		(9) An evaluation of the domestic processing and manufac-
    turing capacity needed to supply the strategic and critical mate-
    rials identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to the Secretary
    of Defense in an economic and secure manner.
		(10) In consultation with the Director of the United States
    Geological Survey, an identification of domestic locations with
    existing commercial manufacturing interest that are already
    verified to contain large supplies of the strategic and critical
    materials identified pursuant to paragraph (1).
		(11) An assessment of the feasibility of partnering with
    institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of
    the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) that receive
    grants for the purpose of enhancing the security and stability
    of the supply chain for strategic and critical materials for
    the National Defense Stockpile, including an identification of
    barriers to such partnerships and recommendations for
    improving such partnerships.
		(12) Any other matter relating to strategic and critical
    materials that the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) FORM.—The appendix required in subsection (a) shall be
    submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.
	(d) STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MATERIALS DEFINED.—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘strategic and critical materials’’ means materials, including rare earth elements, that are necessary to meet national defense and national security requirements, including requirements relating to supply chain resiliency, and for the economic security of the United States.

SEC. 852. REPORT ON ALUMINUM REFINING, PROCESSING, AND MANU-
                         FACTURING.
   (a) IN GENERAL.—In preparing the annual report required
under section 2504 of title 10, United States Code, due on March
1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall include as an appendix
to such report information on—
		(1) how authorities under the Defense Production Act of
    1950 (50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.) could be used to provide incentives
    to increase activities relating to refining aluminum and the
    development of processing and manufacturing capabilities for
    aluminum; and