134 STAT. 3560              PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021  

Sec. 539B. Accountability of leadership of the Department of Defense for dis- 
                charging the sexual harassment policies and programs of the Depart- 
                ment. 
Sec. 539C. Reports on status of investigations of alleged sex-related offenses. 
Sec. 539D. Report on ability of Sexual Assault Response Coordinators and Sexual 
                Assault Prevention and Response Victim Advocates to perform duties. 
Sec. 539E. Briefing on Special Victims’ Counsel program. 
Sec. 539F. Briefing on placement of members of the Armed Forces in academic sta- 
                tus who are victims of sexual assault onto Non-Rated Periods.  

                Subtitle E—Military Justice and Other Legal Matters 

Sec. 541.  Right to notice of victims of offenses under the Uniform Code of Military 
                Justice regarding certain post-trial motions, filings, and hearings. 
Sec. 542.  Qualifications of judges and standard of review for Courts of Criminal Ap- 
                peals. 
Sec. 543.  Preservation of court-martial records. 
Sec. 544.  Availability of records for National Instant Criminal Background Check 
                System. 
Sec. 545.  Removal of personally identifying and other information of certain per- 
                sons from investigative reports, the Department of Defense Central 
                Index of Investigations, and other records and databases. 
Sec. 546.  Briefing on mental health support for vicarious trauma for certain per- 
                sonnel in the military justice system. 
Sec. 547.  Comptroller General of the United States report on implementation by 
                the Armed Forces of recent GAO recommendations and statutory re- 
                quirements on assessment of racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in the 
                military justice system. 
Sec. 548.  Legal assistance for veterans and surviving spouses and dependents. 
Sec. 549.  Clarification of termination of leases of premises and motor vehicles of 
                servicemembers who incur catastrophic injury or illness or die while in 
                military service. 
Sec. 549A. Multidisciplinary board to evaluate suicide events. 
Sec. 549B. Improvements to Department of Defense tracking of, and response to in- 
                cidents of child abuse, adult abuse, and domestic abuse and harassment 
                in behavior between children and youth involving military dependents 
                on military installations. 
Sec. 549C. Independent analysis and recommendations on domestic violence in the 
                Armed Forces. 

                Subtitle F—Diversity and Inclusion 

Sec. 551. Diversity and inclusion reporting requirements and related matters.
Sec. 552. National emergency exception for timing requirements with respect to
                certain surveys of members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 553. Questions regarding racism, anti-Semitism, and supremacism in work-
                place surveys administered by the Secretary of Defense.
Sec. 554. Inspector General oversight of diversity and inclusion in Department of
                Defense; supremacist, extremist, or criminal gang activity in the Armed
                Forces.
Sec. 555. Policy to improve responses to pregnancy and childbirth by certain mem-
                bers of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 556. Training on certain Department of Defense instructions for members of
                the Armed Forces.
Sec. 557. Evaluation of barriers to minority participation in certain units of the
 Armed Forces.
Sec. 558. Comptroller General of the United States report on equal opportunity at
                the military service academies.
 
                Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards

Sec. 561. Extension of time to review World War I Valor Medals.
Sec. 562. Authorizations for certain awards.
Sec. 563. Feasibility study on establishment of service medal for radiation-exposed
                veterans.
Sec. 564. Expressing support for the designation of Silver Star Service Banner Day.

                Subtitle H—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience

Sec. 571. Mentorship and career counseling program for officers to improve diver-
                sity in military leadership.
Sec. 572. Expansion of SkillBridge program to include the Coast Guard.
Sec. 573. Increase in number of permanent professors at the United States Air
                Force Academy.
Sec. 574. Additional elements with 2021 and 2022 certifications on the Ready, Rele-
                vant Learning initiative of the Navy.