134 STAT. 4726              PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

foreign country or by an entity domiciled in a covered foreign country;
    (C) uses a ground control system or operating software developed in a covered foreign country or by an entity domiciled in a covered foreign country; or
    (D) uses network connectivity or data storage located in or administered by an entity domiciled in a covered foreign country; or
(2) a system manufactured in a covered foreign country or by an entity domiciled in a covered foreign country for the detection or identification of unmanned aircraft systems.
    (b) EXCEPTION.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant is exempt from the restriction under subsection (a) if—
            (A) the operation or procurement is for the purposes of—
                (i) counter-UAS system surrogate testing and training; or
                (ii) intelligence, electronic warfare, and information warfare operations, testing, analysis, and training; or
            (B) the Commandant receives a certification from the Coast Guard unit requesting to operate or procure an unmanned aircraft system otherwise restricted under subsection (a), which shall include supporting manufacturer information, that the unmanned aircraft system does not—
                (i) connect to the internet or an outside telecommunications service;
                (ii) connect to other devices or electronics, except as necessary to perform the mission; or
                (iii) perform any missions in support of classified information or that may threaten national security.
        (2) EXPIRATION.—The authority under this subsection to operate or procure an unmanned aircraft system otherwise restricted under subsection (a) expires on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.
    (c) WAIVER.—The Commandant may waive the restriction under subsection (a) on a case by case basis by certifying in writing to the Department of Homeland Security and the relevant committees of jurisdiction that the operation or procurement is required in the national interest of the United States.
    (d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
        (1) COVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY.—The term “covered foreign country” means the People’s Republic of China.
        (2) COUNTER-UAS SYSTEM.—The term “counter-UAS system” has the meaning given such term in section 44801 of title 49, United States Code.
        (3) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM.—The term “unmanned aircraft system” has the meaning given such term in section 44801 of title 49, United States Code.

14 USC 504 note.
SEC. 8415. UNITED STATES COMMERCIAL SPACE-BASED RADIO FREQUENCY MARITIME DOMAIN AWARENESS TESTING AND EVALUATION PROGRAM.

    (a) TESTING AND EVALUATION PROGRAM.—The Commandant, acting through the Blue Technology Center of Expertise, shall carry out a testing and evaluation program of United States commercial