134 STAT. 4136         PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1 2021

(C) Elements of the intelligence community, as identified by the Director of National Intelligence.
(b) The Department of Justice, as identified by the Attorney General.
(E) Sector-specific agencies, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security.
(2) STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS.—The Secretary shall invite representatives from State, local, and Tribal governments to participate in each exercise required under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines such is appropriate.
(3) PRIVATE ENTITIES.—Depending on the nature of an exercise being conducted under subsection (a), the Secretary, in consultation with the senior representatives of the sector-specific agencies participating in such exercise in accordance with paragraph (1)(E), shall invite the following individuals to participate:
(A) Representatives from appropriate private entities.
(B) Other individuals whom the Secretary determines will best assist the United States in preparing for, and defending against, a significant cyber incident impacting critical infrastructure.
(4) INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS.—Depending on the nature of an exercise being conducted under subsection (a), the Secretary may, in coordination with the Secretary of State, invite allies and partners of the United States to participate in such exercise.
(e) OBSERVERS.—The Secretary may invite representatives from the executive and legislative branches of the Federal Government to observe an exercise required under subsection (a).
(f) ELEMENTS.—Each exercise required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements:
(1) Exercising the orchestration of cybersecurity response and the provision of cyber support to Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments and private entities, including the exercise of the commands, control, and deconfliction of—
(A) operational responses through interagency coordination processes and response groups; and
(B) each Federal agency participating in such exercise in accordance with subsection (d)(1).
(2) Testing of the information sharing needs and capabilities of exercise participants.
(3) Testing of the relevant policy, guidance, and doctrine, including the National Cyber Incident Response Plan of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security.
(4) Testing of the integration and interoperability between the entities participating in the exercise in accordance with subsection (d).
(5) Exercising the integration and interoperability of the cybersecurity operation centers of the Federal Government, as appropriate, in coordination with appropriate cabinet level officials.
(g) BRIEFING.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date on which each exercise required under subsection (a) is conducted, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the exercise.