PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4663

(1) IN GENERAL.—Together with each study under subsection (a), and annually as the Commandant considers appropriate, the Commandant shall carry out a survey of individuals described in paragraph (2) on access to Coast Guard child development centers.
(2) PARTICIPANTS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant shall seek the participation in the survey of the following Coast Guard individuals:
(i) Commanding officers, regardless of whether the commanding officers have children.
(ii) Regular and reserve personnel.
(iii) Spouses of individuals described in clauses (i) and (ii).
(B) SCOPE OF PARTICIPATION.—Individuals described in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall be surveyed regardless of whether such individuals use or have access to Coast Guard child development centers or other Federal child care facilities.
(C) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION.—Participation of an individual described in subparagraph (A) in a survey shall be on a voluntary basis.
(c) AVAILABILITY.—On request, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the results of any study or survey under this section.

SEC. 8234. PILOT PROGRAM TO EXPAND ACCESS TO CHILD CARE.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Commencing not later than 60 days after the date on which the report under section 8231 is submitted, the Commandant shall carry out a pilot program, based on the recommendations provided in such report, to expand access to public or private child development centers for qualified families.
(b) DURATION.—The duration of the pilot program under section (a) shall be not more than 3 years beginning on the date on which the pilot program is established. 
(c) DISCHARGE ON DISTRICT BASIS.—The Commandant—
(1) may carry out the pilot program on a district basis; and
(2) shall include in the pilot program remote and urban locations.
(d) RESERVATION OF CHILD CARE SLOTS.—As part of the pilot program, the Commandant shall seek to enter into one or more memoranda of understanding with one or more child development centers to reserve slots for qualified families in locations in which—
(1) the Coast Guard lacks a Coast Guard child development center; or
(2) the wait lists for the nearest Coast Guard child development center or Department of Defense child development center, where applicable, indicate that qualified families may not be accommodated.
(e) ANNUAL ASSESSMENT OF RESULTS.—As part of any study conducted pursuant to section 8233(a) after the end of the 1-year period beginning with the commencement of the pilot program, the Commandant shall also undertake a current assessment of the impact of the pilot program on access to child development