134 STAT. 3852                  PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

agencies participating in the program, for implementation under the program, based on—
    ‘‘(A) whether the project addresses important research objectives or operational goals;
    ‘‘(B) whether the project has, or is designed to have, appropriate participation or support from public, academic, commercial, and private entities within the oceanographic community;
    ‘‘(C) whether the partners have a long-term commitment to the objectives of the project;
    ‘‘(D) whether the resources supporting the project are shared among the partners;
    ‘‘(E) whether the project has been subjected to adequate scientific and technical merit review according to each participating agency; and
    ‘‘(F) the approval of such guidelines by a consensus of the members of the Committee.
    ‘‘(c) DELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES.—In discharging its responsibilities in support of agreed-upon scientific needs, and to assist in the execution of the responsibilities described in subsection (b), the Committee may delegate responsibilities to a subcommittee of the Committee, as the Committee determines appropriate.
    ‘‘(d) ANNUAL REPORT AND BRIEFING.—(1) Not later than March 1 of each year, the Committee shall—
        ‘‘(A) make publicly available on an appropriate website a report on the National Oceanographic Partnership Program; and
        ‘‘(B) provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the contents of the report.
    ‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after providing a briefing under paragraph (1)(B), the Committee shall make publicly available on an appropriate website the briefing materials covered by the briefing.
    ‘‘(3) Each report and briefing shall include the following:
        ‘‘(A) A description of activities of the National Oceanographic Partnership Program carried out during the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is published.
        ‘‘(B) A general outline of the activities planned for the program during the fiscal year during which the report is published.
        ‘‘(C) A summary of projects, partnerships, and collaborations, including the Federal and non-Federal sources of funding, continued from the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is published and projects expected to begin during the fiscal year during which the report is published and any subsequent fiscal year, as required under subsection (e)(4)(C).
        ‘‘(D) The amounts requested in the budget submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31 for the fiscal year following the fiscal year during which the report is published, for the programs, projects, activities and the estimated expenditures under such programs, projects, and activities, to execute the National Oceanographic Partnership Program.
        ‘‘(E) A summary of national ocean research priorities informed by the Ocean Research Advisory Panel, as required under section 8933(b)(4) of this title.