PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3909

“(A) the reciprocal exchange or transfer of surface
transportation on a reimbursable basis or by replacement-
in-kind; and
“(B) the exchange of surface transportation services
of an equal value.
“(b) WRITTEN ARRANGEMENT OR AGREEMENT.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Participation of the Department of
Defense in the SEOS program shall be in accordance with
a written arrangement or agreement entered into by the Sec-
retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of
State, and the Movement Coordination Centre Europe.
“(2) NOTIFICATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall provide
to the congressional defense committees notification of any
arrangement or agreement entered into under paragraph (1).
“(3) FUNDING ARRANGEMENTS.—If Department of Defense
facilities, equipment, or funds are used to support the SEOS
program, the written arrangement or agreement under para-
graph (1) shall specify the details of any equitable cost-sharing
or other funding arrangement.
“(4) OTHER ELEMENTS.—Any written arrangement or agree-
ment entered into under paragraph (1) shall require that any
accrued credits or liability resulting from an unequal exchange
or transfer of surface transportation services shall be liquidated
through the SEOS program not less than once every five years.
“(c) IMPLEMENTATION.—In carrying out any arrangement or
agreement entered into under subsection (b), the Secretary of
Defense may—
“(1) pay the equitable share of the Department of Defense
for the operating expenses of the Movement Coordination
Centre Europe and the SEOS program from funds available
to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance;
and
“(2) assign members of the armed forces or Department
of Defense civilian personnel, within billets authorized for the
United States European Command, to duty at the Movement
Coordination Centre Europe as necessary to fulfill Department
of Defense obligations under that arrangement or agreement.
“(d) CREDITING OF RECEIPTS.—Any amount received by the
Department of Defense as part of the SEOS program shall be
credited, at the option of the Secretary of Defense, to—
“(1) the appropriation, fund, or account used in incurring
the obligation for which such amount is received; or
“(2) an appropriate appropriation, fund, or account cur-
rently available for the purposes for which the expenditures
were made.
“(e) ANNUAL REPORT.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days after the end
of each fiscal year in which the authority under this section
is in effect, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report on Department of Defense
participation in the SEOS program during such fiscal year.
“(2) ELEMENTS.—Each report required by paragraph (1)
shall include the following:
“(A) A description of the equitable share of the costs
and activities of the SEOS program paid by the Department
of Defense.