PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(B) by striking “cultural or educational institutions” and inserting “cultural, educational, or religious institutions with the capacity to appropriately curate such object”; and

(C) by striking “any such cultural or educational institution” and inserting “any such cultural, educational, or religious institution with the capacity to appropriately curate such object”; and

(2) by adding at the end the following:

“(d) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘imported’ and ‘importation’ include a transfer from a mission of a foreign country located within the United States to a cultural, educational, or religious institution located within the United States.”.
                                              Definitions.
(b) AFGHANISTAN.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—A work of art or other object of cultural significance that is imported into the United States for temporary storage, conservation, scientific research, exhibition, or display shall be deemed to be immune from seizure under such Act of October 19, 1965 (22 U.S.C. 2459) (as amended 22 USC 2459 by subsection (a)), and the provisions of such Act shall apply       note.
in the same manner and to the same extent to such work or object, if—
(A) the work or object is exported from Afghanistan with an export permit or license duly issued by the Government of Afghanistan; and
(B)(i) an agreement is entered into between the Government of Afghanistan and the cultural, educational, or religious institution with the capacity to appropriately curate such object within the United States that specifies the conditions for such material to be returned to Afghanistan; or
(ii) the work or object is transferred to a cultural, educational, or religious institution with the capacity to appropriately curate such object in the United States in accordance with an agreement described in clause (i) that also includes an authorization to transfer such work or object to such institutions in the United States.

SEC. 1217. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF UNITED STATES TALKS
           WITH TALIBAN OFFICIALS AND AFGHANISTAN’S COM-
           PREHENSIVE PEACE PROCESS.

(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) APPROPRIATE  CONGRESSIONAL  COMMITTEES.—The  term” appropriate congressional committees” means—
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
(2) GOVERNMENT OF AFGHANISTAN.—The term “Government of Afghanistan” means the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and its agencies, instrumentalities, and controlled entities.
(3) THE TALIBAN.—The term “the Taliban”—
(A) refers to the organization that refers to itself as the “Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan”, that was founded