PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 4131

(i) The cybersecurity maturity of defense industrial base entities.
(ii) The roles of such entities.
(iii) Whether each such entity possesses classified information or controlled unclassified information and covered defense networks.
(iv) The covered defense information to which each such entity has access as a result of contracts with the Department of Defense.
(4) Whether the continuous cybersecurity threat-hunting program described in paragraph (2) should be conducted by—
(A) qualified prime contractors or subcontractors;
(B) accredited third-party cybersecurity vendors;
(C) with contractor consent—
(i) United States Cyber Command; or
(ii) a component of the Department of Defense other than United States Cyber Command;
(D) the deployment of network sensing technologies capable of identifying and filtering malicious network traffic; or
(E) a combination of the entities specified in subparagraphs (A) through (D).
(5) The resources necessary, governance structures or changes in regulation or law needed, and responsibility for execution of a defense industrial base cybersecurity threat hunting program, as well as any other considerations deemed relevant by the Secretary.
(6) A timeline for establishing the defense industrial base cybersecurity threat hunting program not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(7) Identification of any barriers that would prevent such establishment.
(c) CONSULTATION.—In conducting the assessment required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with and solicit recommendations from representative industry stakeholders across the defense industrial base regarding the elements described in subsection (b) and potential stakeholder costs of compliance.
(d) DETERMINATION AND BRIEFING.—Upon completion of the assessment required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall make a determination regarding the establishment of a defense industrial base cybersecurity threat hunting program and provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on—
(1) the findings of the Secretary with respect to such assessment and such determination; and
(2) such implementation plans as the Secretary may have arising from such findings.
(e) IMPLEMENTATION.—If the Secretary of Defense makes a positive determination pursuant to subsection (d) of the feasibility and suitability of establishing a defense industrial base threat cybersecurity threat hunting program, the Secretary shall establish such program. Not later than 180 days after a positive determination, the Secretary of Defense shall promulgate such rules and regulations as are necessary to establish the defense industrial base cybersecurity threat hunting program under this section.