134 STAT. 3648			PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(d) ADDITIONAL ELEMENTS.—In addition to the matters described in subsection (a), the review and report under this section shall also include the following:
		
		(1) A consolidated summary that lists all components of the professional military education enterprise of the Department of Defense, including all associated schools, programs, research centers, and support activities.

		(2) For each component identified under paragraph (1), the assigned personnel strength, annual student throughput, and budget details of the three fiscal years preceding the date of the report.
		(3) An assessment of the differences between admission standards and graduation requirements of the educational institutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) and such admission standards and graduation requirements of public and private institutions of higher education that the Secretary determines comparable to the educational institutions of the Department of Defense.

		(4) An assessment of the requirements of the goals and missions of the educational institutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) and any need to adjust such goals and missions to meet national security requirements of the Department.

		(5) An assessment of the effectiveness and shortfalls of the existing professional military education enterprise as measured against graduate utilization, post-graduate evaluations, and the demands for development requirements of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Chiefs of the Armed Forces.

		(6) Any other matters the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of this section.

SEC. 577. COLLEGE OF INTERNATIONAL SECURITY AFFAIRS OF THE NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY.

(a) PROHIBITION.—The Secretary of Defense may not eliminate, divest, downsize, or reorganize the College of International Security Affairs, nor its satellite program, the Joint Special Operations Masters of Arts, of the National Defense University, or seek to reduce the number of students educated at the College, or its satellite program, until 30 days after the date on which the congressional defense committees receive the report required by subsection (c).
(b) ASSESSMENT, DETERMINATION, AND REVIEW.—The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations/Low-Intensity Conflict, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Counternarcotics and Global Threats, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Stability and Humanitarian Affairs, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Combating Terrorism, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Commander of United States Special Operations Command, shall—
		
		(1) assess requirements for joint professional military education and civilian leader education in the counterterrorism, irregular warfare, and asymmetrical domains to support the Department and other national security institutions of the Federal Government;