134 STAT. 4606           PUBLIC LAW 116-283 — JAN. 1, 2021

“(A) files an application to form a corporation, limited
liability company, or other similar entity under the laws
of a State or Indian Tribe; or
“(B) registers or files an application to register a cor-
poration, limited liability company, or other similar entity
formed under the laws of a foreign country to do business
in the United States by filing a document with the secretary
of state or similar office under the laws of a State or
Indian Tribe.
“(3) BENEFICIAL OWNER.—The term ‘beneficial owner’—
“(A) means, with respect to an entity, an individual
who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrange-
ment, understanding, relationship, or otherwise—
“(i) exercises substantial control over the entity;
or
“(ii) owns or controls not less than 25 percent
of the ownership interests of the entity; and
“(B) does not include—
“(i) a minor child, as defined in the State in which
the entity is formed, if the information of the parent
or guardian of the minor child is reported in accordance
with this section;
“(ii) an individual acting as a nominee, inter-
mediary, custodian, or agent on behalf of another indi-
vidual;
“(iii) an individual acting solely as an employee
of a corporation, limited liability company, or other
similar entity and whose control over or economic bene-
fits from such entity is derived solely from the employ-
ment status of the person;
“(iv) an individual whose only interest in a corpora-
tion, limited liability company, or other similar entity
is through a right of inheritance; or
“(v) a creditor of a corporation, limited liability
company, or other similar entity, unless the creditor
meets the requirements of subparagraph (A).
“(4) DIRECTOR.—The term ‘Director’ means the Director
of FinCEN.
“(5) FinCEN.—The term ‘FinCEN’ means the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the
Treasury.
“(6) FinCEN IDENTIFIER.—The term ‘FinCEN identifier’
means the unique identifying number assigned by FinCEN
to a person under this section.
“(7) FOREIGN PERSON.—The term ‘foreign person’ means
a person who is not a United States person, as defined in
section 7701(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
“(8) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term ‘Indian Tribe’ has the
meaning given the term ‘Indian tribe’ in section 102 of the
Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C.
5130).
“(9) LAWFULLY ADMITTED FOR PERMANENT RESIDENCE.—The
term ‘lawfully admitted for permanent residence’ has the
meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Immigration
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)).
“(10) POOLED INVESTMENT VEHICLE.—The term ‘pooled
investment vehicle’ means—