PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

with any independent entities involved in development of 
the plan.
(D) The resources required to implement the plan, 
and a timeline for the receiving electromagnetic spectrum 
operations organization to reach initial operational capa- 
bility and full operational capability.
(c) EVALUATIONS OF ARMED FORCES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than October 1, 2021, and 
annually thereafter through 2025, the Chief of Staff of the 
Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of 
the Air Force, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, and 
the Chief of Space Operations shall each carry out an evaluation 
of the ability of the Armed Force concerned to perform electro- 
magnetic spectrum operations missions required by each of 
the following:
(A) The Electromagnetic Spectrum Superiority 
Strategy.
(B) The Joint Staff-developed concept of operations for 
electromagnetic spectrum operations.
(C) The operations and contingency plans of the 
combatant commands.
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each evaluation under paragraph (1) shall 
include assessment of the following:
(A) Current programs of record, including—
(i) the ability of weapon systems to perform mis-
sions in contested electromagnetic spectrum environ- 
ments; and 
(ii) the ability of electronic warfare capabilities 
to disrupt adversary operations.
(B) Future programs of record, including—
(i) the need for distributed or network-centric elec- 
tronic warfare and signals intelligence capabilities; and 
(ii) the need for automated and machine learning- 
or artificial intelligence-assisted electronic warfare 
capabilities.
(C) Order of battle.
(D) Individual and unit training.
(E) Tactics, techniques, and procedures, including—
(i) maneuver, distribution of assets, and the use 
of decoys; and
(ii) integration of nonkinetic and kinetic fires.
(d) EVALUATIONS OF COMBATANT COMMANDS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than October 1, 2021, and 
annually thereafter through 2025, the Commander of the 
United States European Command, the Commander of the 
United States Pacific Command, and the Commander of the 
United States Central Command shall each carry out an evalua- 
tion of the plans and posture of the command concerned to 
execute the electromagnetic spectrum operations envisioned in 
each of the following:
(A) The Electromagnetic Spectrum Superiority
Strategy.
(B) The Joint Staff-developed concept of operations for 
electromagnetic spectrum operations.
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each evaluation under paragraph (1) shall 
include assessment of the following:
(A) Operation and contingency plans.