PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(B) Access to, and total capacity of, Coast Guard child development centers and Department of Defense child development centers.
(C) Child care and school-age care programs or policy.
(D) Coast Guard and Department of Defense programs to provide additional assistance to members and civilian employees with respect to child care and school-age care options.
(E) Respite care programs.
(F) Nonappropriated funds.
(G) Coast Guard family child care centers.
(H) Coast Guard and Department of Defense publicly available online resources for families seeking military child care and school-age care.
(4) FEASIBILITY.—An analysis of the feasibility of the Commandant entering into agreements with private child care and school-age care service providers to provide child care and school-age care for qualified families.
(5) AVAILABILITY.—An analysis of the availability of child Analysis. care and school-age care for qualified families, including accessibility after normal work hours, proximity, and total capacity.
(6) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Recommendations—
(A) to improve access to child care and school-age care for qualified families;
(B) to ensure parity between the Coast Guard and Department of Defense with respect to child care and school-age care;
(C) to expand access to child care and school-age care for all qualified families, including qualified families that have a child with special needs; and
(D) to ensure that regional child care and child development center needs at the unit, sector, or district level are identified, assessed, and reasonably evaluated by the Commandant for future infrastructure needs.
(7) OTHER MATTERS.—A description or analysis of any other matter the Comptroller General considers relevant to the improvement of expanded access to child care and school-age care for qualified families.

SEC. 8232. REVIEW OF FAMILY SUPPORT SERVICES WEBSITE AND ONLINE TRACKING SYSTEM.
(a) MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commandant shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary of Defense to enable qualified families to access the website at https://militarychildcare.com (or a successor website) for purposes of Coast Guard family access to information with respect to State-accredited child development centers and other child care support services as such services become available from the Depart-ment of Defense through such website. The memorandum shall provide for the expansion of the geographical areas covered by such website, including regions in which qualified families live that are not yet covered by the program.
(2) INCLUSION OF CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTERS ACCESSIBLE UNDER PILOT PROGRAM.—The information accessible pursuant to the memorandum of understanding required by paragraph 

Records. 
14 USC 2922 
note.