PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
134 STAT. 4573

has demonstrated knowledge and competence concerning the application of the Bank Secrecy Act.
“(4) SUNSET.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Subcommittee on Innovation and Technology shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this subsection.
“(B) EXCEPTION.—The Secretary of the Treasury may renew the Subcommittee on Innovation for 1-year periods beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this subsection.”.

SEC. 6208. ESTABLISHMENT OF BANK SECRECY ACT INNOVATION OFFI- 31 USC 5311
CERS. note.
(a) APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS.—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of the regulations promulgated under subsection Deadline. (d) of section 310 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 6103 of this division, an Innovation Officer shall be appointed within FinCEN and each Federal functional regulator.
(b) INNOVATION OFFICER.—The Innovation Officer shall be appointed by, and report to, the Director of FinCEN or the head of the Federal functional regulator, as applicable.
(c) DUTIES.—Each Innovation Officer, in coordination with other Innovation Officers and the agencies of the Innovation Officers, shall—
(1) provide outreach to law enforcement agencies, State bank supervisors, financial institutions and associations of financial institutions, agents of financial institutions, and other persons (including service providers, vendors and technology companies) with respect to innovative methods, processes, and new technologies that may assist in compliance with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act;
(2) provide technical assistance or guidance relating to the implementation of responsible innovation and new technology by financial institutions and associations of financial institutions, agents of financial institutions, and other persons (including service providers, vendors and technology companies), in a manner that complies with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act;
(3) if appropriate, explore opportunities for public-private partnerships; and
(4) if appropriate, develop metrics of success.

SEC. 6209. TESTING METHODS RULEMAKING.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 5318 of title 31, United States Code
is amended by adding at the end the following:
“(o) TESTING.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Treasury, in con- Consultation. sultation with the head of each agency to which the Secretary Compliance. has delegated duties or powers under subsection (a), shall issue a rule to specify with respect to technology and related technology internal processes designed to facilitate compliance with the requirements under this subchapter, the standards by which financial institutions are to test the technology and related technology internal processes.
“(2) STANDARDS.—The standards described in paragraph (1) may include—