134 STAT. 3734

PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-
92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note);
(B) information technology and software program;
(C) services contract, including each services contract
for information technologies and systems; and
(D) acquisition activity other than major defense
acquisition programs (as defined in section 2430 of title
10, United States Code), as determined by the Secretary
of Defense;
(2) methods to identify responsible individuals for
sustainment planning;
(3) required elements of sustainment planning;
(4) timing of sustainment planning activities in the acquisi-
tion process;
(5) measures and metrics to assess compliance with
sustainment plans; and
(6) actions to continuously monitor, create incentives for,
and ensure compliance with sustainment plans.
SEC. 803. DISCLOSURES FOR OFFERORS FOR CERTAIN SHIPBUILDING
MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM CONTRACTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
‘‘§ 2339c. Disclosures for offerors for certain shipbuilding
major defense acquisition program contracts
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Any covered offeror seeking to be awarded
a shipbuilding construction contract as part of a major defense
acquisition program with funds from the Shipbuilding and Conver-
sion, Navy account shall disclose along with the offer and any
subsequent revisions of the offer (including the final proposal revi-
sion offer) if any part of the planned contract performance will
or is expected to include foreign government subsidized perform-
ance, foreign financing, foreign financial guarantees, or foreign tax
concessions.
‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS.—A disclosure required under subsection
(a) shall be made in a form prescribed by the Secretary of the
Navy and shall include a specific description of the extent to which
the planned contract performance will include, with or without
contingencies, any foreign government subsidized performance, for-
eign financing, foreign financial guarantees, or foreign tax conces-
sions.
‘‘(c) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 5 days after
awarding a contract described under subsection (a), the Secretary
of the Navy shall notify the congressional defense committees and
summarize the disclosure provided under such subsection.
‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
‘‘(1) COVERED OFFEROR.—The term ‘covered offeror’ means
any offeror that requires or may reasonably be expected to
require, during the period of performance on a shipbuilding
construction contract described in subsection (a), a method to
mitigate or negate foreign ownership under section 2004.34(f)(6)
of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations.
‘‘(2) FOREIGN GOVERNMENT SUBSIDIZED PERFORMANCE.—The
term ‘foreign government subsidized performance’ means any
financial support, materiel, services, or guarantees of support,