134 STAT. 4008           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                    (2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—Each report required by
                paragraph (1) shall include the following:
                         (A) An explanation of the objectives for the United
                States Armed Forces that would be necessary to deny the
                strategic goals of a competitor against a covered defense
                partner.
                         (B) An identification of joint warfighting capabilities
                and current efforts to organize, train, and equip the United
                States Armed Forces in support of the objectives explained
                pursuant to paragraph (1), including—
                                  (i) an assessment of whether the programs
                included in the most recent future-years defense pro-
                gram submitted to Congress under section 221 of title
                10, United States Code, are sufficient to enable the
                United States Armed Forces to conduct combined joint
                operations to achieve such objectives;
                                  (ii) a description of additional investments or force
                posture adjustments required to maintain or improve
                the ability of the United States Armed Forces to con-
                duct combined joint operations to achieve such objec-
                tives;
                                  (iii) a description of the manner in which the Sec-
                retary of Defense intends to develop and integrate
                Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force
                operational concepts to maintain or improve the ability
                of the United States Armed Forces to conduct combined
                joint operations to achieve such objectives; and
                                  (iv) an assessment of the manner in which different
                options for pre-delegating authorities may improve the
                ability of the United States Armed Forces to conduct
                combined joint operations to achieve such objectives.
                         (C) An assessment of options for deterring limited use
                of nuclear weapons by a competitor in the Indo-Pacific
                region without undermining the ability of the United States
                Armed Forces to maintain deterrence against other
                competitors or adversaries.
                         (D) An assessment of a competitor victory for victory
                for invading and unifying a covered defense partner with
                such competitor by military force.
                         (E) A description of the military objectives a competitor
                would need to achieve strategic goals.
                         (F) A description of the military missions a strategic
                competitor would need to achieve strategic goals,
                including—
                                  (i) blockade and bombing operations;
                                  (ii) amphibious landing operations; or
                                  (iii) combat operations.
                         (G) An assessment of competing demands on a competi-
                tor’s resources and how such demands impact such competi-
                tor’s ability to achieve strategic goals.
                         (H) An assessment of the self-defense capabilities of
                covered defense partners and a summary of defense articles
                and services that are required to enhance such capability.
                         (I) An assessment of the capabilities of partner and
                allied countries to conduct combined operations with the
                United States Armed Forces in a regional contingency.