134 STAT. 4138                PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

                  SEC. 1745. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY
                                            REVIEW.

         (a) DHS REVIEW.—
                (1) IN GENERAL.—In order to strengthen the Cybersecurity
         and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Home-
         land Security, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall conduct
         a comprehensive review of the ability of the Agency to fulfill—
                       (A) the missions of the Agency; and
                       (B) the recommendations detailed in the report issued
              by the Cyberspace Solarium Commission under section
              1652(k) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-
              tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232).
Assessments.        (2) ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—The review conducted under
         paragraph (1) shall include the following elements:
                       (A) An assessment of how additional budget resources
              could be used by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
              rity Agency for projects and programs that—
                            (i) support the national risk management mission;
                            (ii) support public and private-sector cybersecurity;
                            (iii) promote public-private integration; and
                            (iv) provide situational awareness of cybersecurity
                  threats.
                       (B) A comprehensive force structure assessment of the
              Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency,
              including—
                            (i) a determination of the appropriate size and
                  composition of personnel to effectively meet the mission
                  of the Agency, as well as the recommendations detailed
                  in the report issued by the Cyberspace Solarium
                  Commission under section 1652(k) of the John S.
                  McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
                  Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232);
                            (ii) an assessment of whether existing personnel
                  are appropriately matched to the prioritization of
                  threats in the cyber domain and risks in critical infra-
                  structure;
                            (iii) an assessment of whether the Agency has
                  the appropriate personnel and resources to—
                                (I) perform risk assessments, threat hunting,
                       incident response to support both private and
                       public cybersecurity;
                                (II) carry out the responsibilities of the Agency
                       related to the security of Federal information and
                       Federal information systems; and
                                (III) carry out the critical infrastructure
                       responsibilities of the Agency, including national
                       risk management; and
                            (iv) an assessment of whether current structure,
                  personnel, and resources of regional field offices are
                  sufficient in fulfilling agency responsibilities and mis-
                  sion requirements.
Deadline.           (3) SUBMISSION OF REVIEW.—Not later than one year after
Recommendations. the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland
         Security shall submit to Congress a report detailing the results
         of the assessments required under paragraph (1), including
         recommendations to address any identified gaps.
         (b) GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION REVIEW.—