134 STAT. 3440           PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the begin- 
ning of chapter 9 of such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 231 the following new item:
    ‘‘231a. Budgeting for life-cycle costs of aircraft for the Army, Navy, and Air Force: 
                      annual plan and certification.’’.

SEC. 152.  TRANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS RELATING  TO   ELECTROMAGNETIC  SPECTRUM   OPERATIONS.
(a) TRANSFER.—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and in accordance with the plan developed 
pursuant to subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall transfer 
to an appropriate entity within the Department of Defense all
the responsibilities and functions of the Commander of the United 
States Strategic Command that are germane to electromagnetic 
spectrum operations (EMSO), including— 
  (1) advocacy for joint electronic warfare capabilities;
  (2) providing contingency electronic warfare support to 
  other combatant commands; and
  (3) supporting combatant command joint training and plan- 
  ning related to electromagnetic spectrum operations.
(b) PLAN FOR TRANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITIES.—
  (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days before the date 
  of the transfer of responsibilities required by subsection (a), 
  the Secretary shall develop a plan to carry out the transfer.
  (2) CONSIDERATIONS.—In developing the plan under 
  paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the following:
    (A) All appropriate entities having potential for des- 
    ignation as the receiving electromagnetic spectrum oper- 
    ations organization, including elements of the Joint Staff, 
    the functional and geographic combatant commands, 
    Department of Defense offices and agencies, and other 
    organizations, including the establishment of a new entity 
    for that purpose within any such entity.
    (B) Whether the receiving electromagnetic spectrum 
    operations organization should have a unitary structure 
    or hybrid structure (in which operational and capability 
    development and direction are headed by separate 
    organizations).
    (C) The resources required by the receiving electro- 
    magnetic spectrum operations organization to fulfill the
    responsibilities and functions specified in subsection (a).
    (D) The results of the evaluations carried out pursuant 
    to subsections (c) and (d).
  (3) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 180 days 
  before the date of the transfer of responsibilities required by 
  subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress the fol 
  lowing:
    (A) The plan developed under paragraph (1).
    (B) The construct and elements of the receiving electro- 
    magnetic spectrum operations organization under the plan, 
    including the allocation of responsibilities among senior 
    officials in such organization.
    (C) The analysis conducted to determine the electro- 
    magnetic spectrum operations organization, including the 
    input in the plan or analysis of the results of consultation