PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3643

(3) CONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.—
(A) HEADING AMENDMENT.—The heading of such sec- tion is amended to read as follows:

“§ 656. Diversity in military leadership: plan; mentoring and career counseling program”

(B) TABLE OF SECTIONS.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 37 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 656 and inserting the following new item:
“656. Diversity in military leadership: plan; mentoring and career counseling pro- gram.”.

(b) REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the mentoring and career counseling program established pursuant to subsection (b) of section 656 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (a)).
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A description of the manner in which each Armed Force will implement the mentoring and counseling pro-gram.
(B) A description of the metrics that will be used to measure progress in developing and implementing the mentoring and career counseling program.
(C) For each Armed Force, an explanation whether the mentoring and career counseling program will be car- ried out as part of another program of such Armed Force or through the establishment of a separate subprogram or subprograms of such Armed Force.
(D) A description of the additional resources, if any, that will be required to implement the mentoring and career counseling program, including the specific number of additional personnel authorizations that will be required to staff the program.
(E) Such other information on the mentoring and career counseling program as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating consider appropriate.
(3) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term “appropriate committees of Congress” means—

(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com- mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Com- mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives.

SEC. 572. EXPANSION OF SKILLBRIDGE PROGRAM TO INCLUDE THE COAST GUARD.

Section 1143(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended—