PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021            134 STAT. 3547

date on which the Secretary concerned determines the member no longer requires such item.
          (5) The Secretary concerned shall inspect, process, repair, clean, and re-stock items returned by a member pursuant to paragraph (4) for re-issuance from such relevant office.
          (6) The Director, in coordination with the Secretaries concerned, may issue such guidance and regulations as necessary to carry out the pilot program.
          (b) TERMINATION.—No maternity-related uniform items may be issued to a member of the Armed Forces under the pilot program after September 30, 2026.
          (c) REPORT.—Not later than September 30, 2025, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency, in coordination with the Secretaries concerned, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. Such report shall include each of the following:
                    (1) For each year during which the pilot program was carried out, the number of members of the Armed Forces who received a maternity-related uniform item under the pilot program.
                    (2) An overview of the costs associated with, and any savings realized by, the pilot program, including a comparison of the cost of maintaining 
a stock of maternity-related uniform items for issuance under the pilot program versus the cost of providing allowances to members for purchasing such items.
                    (3) A recommendation on whether the pilot program should be extended to other areas of the country under subsection (b) and whether legislation is necessary for such extension.
                    (4) Any other matters that the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate.
SEC. 362. SERVICEWOMEN’S COMMEMORATIVE PARTNERSHIPS.
          (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Army may enter into a contract, partnership, or grant with a non-profit organization for the purpose of providing financial support for the maintenance and sustainment of infrastructure and facilities of military service memorials and museums that highlight the role of women in the military. Any such contract, partnership, or grant shall be referred to as a ‘‘Servicewomen’s Commemorative Partnership’’.
          (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2021, as identified in division D of this Act, $3,000,000 shall be available for Servicewomen’s Commemorative Partnerships under subsection (a).
SEC. 363. BIODEFENSE ANALYSIS AND BUDGET SUBMISSION.
          (a) ANNUAL ANALYSIS.—For each fiscal year, beginning in fiscal year 2023, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall—
                    (1) conduct a detailed and comprehensive analysis of Federal biodefense programs; and 
                    (2) develop an integrated biodefense budget submission.
          (b) DEFINITION OF BIODEFENSE.—In accordance with the National Biodefense Strategy, the Director shall develop and disseminate to all Federal departments and agencies a unified definition of the term ‘‘biodefense’’ to identify which programs and activities are included in the annual budget submission required under subsection (a).