PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3783

of the Small Business Administration or other authorized official, a court of competent jurisdiction, or by operation of law.

(B) PROCEEDINGS NOT AFFECTED.—The provisions of this subsection shall not affect any proceedings, including notices of proposed rulemaking, or any application for any license, permit, certificate, or financial assistance pending before the Department of Veterans Affairs on the transfer date, with respect to functions transferred by this subsection but such proceedings and applications shall be continued. Orders shall be issued in such proceedings, appeals shall be taken therefrom, and payments shall be made pursuant to such orders, as if this subsection had not been enacted, and orders issued in any such proceedings shall continue in effect until modified, terminated, superseded, or revoked by a duly authorized official, by a court of competent jurisdiction, or by operation of law. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be deemed to prohibit the discontinuance or modification of any such proceeding under the same terms and conditions and to the same extent that such proceeding could have been discontinued or modified if this subsection had not been enacted.

(C) SUITS NOT AFFECTED.—The provisions of this subsection shall not affect suits commenced before the transfer date, and in all such suits, proceedings shall be had, appeals taken, and judgments rendered in the same manner and with the same effect as if this subsection had not been enacted.

(D) NONABATEMENT OF ACTIONS.—No suit, action, or other proceeding commenced by or against the Department of Veterans Affairs, or by or against any individual in the official capacity of such individual as an officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs, shall abate by reason of the enactment of this subsection.

(E) ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS RELATING TO PROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS.—Any administrative action relating to the preparation or promulgation of a regulation by the Department of Veterans Affairs relating to a function transferred under this subsection may be continued by the Administrator of the Small Business Administration with the same effect as if this subsection had not been enacted.

(F) EFFECT ON PERSONNEL.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall appoint any employee represented by a labor organization accorded exclusive recognition under section 7111 of title 5, United States Code, that is affected by the transfer of functions under this subsection to a position of a continuing nature for which the employee is qualified, at a grade and compensation not lower than the current grade and compensation of the employee.

(G) REFERENCES.—Any reference in any other Federal law, Executive order, rule, regulation, or delegation of authority, or any document or pertaining to a function of the Center for Verification and Evaluation that is transferred under this subsection is deemed, after the transfer date, to refer to the Small Business Administration.

(h) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enact- Time period.
ment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter until the transfer