PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021                    134 STAT. 4783

available to such veterans as of the date of the enactment of this Act.
(J) Economic indicators that affect the unemployment of such veterans.
(K) Health conditions of such veterans that could affect employment.
(L) Whether there are differences in the analyses conducted under subparagraphs (A) through (K) depending on the race of such veterans.
(M) The difference between unemployment rates of post-9/11 veterans who are women compared to unemployment rates of post-9/11 veterans who are men, including an analysis of potential causes of such difference.
(N) Such other matters as the Secretary determines appropriate.
(b) REPORT. —
(1) IN GENERAL. —Not later than 90 days after completing the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on such study.
(2) ELEMENTS. —The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) The analysis conducted under subsection (a)(3).
(B) A description of the methods used to conduct the study under subsection (a).
(C) Such other matters relating to the unemployment rates of post-9/11 veterans who are women as the Secretary considers appropriate.
(c) POST-9/11 VETERAN DEFINED. —In this section, the term “post-9/11 veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the Armed Forces on or after September 11, 2001.
SEC. 9105. ACCESS OF VETERANS TO INDIVIDUAL LONGITUDINAL EXPOSURE RECORD.
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide to a veteran read-only access to the documents of the veteran contained in the Individual Longitudinal Exposure Record in a printable format through a portal accessible through an internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
SEC. 9106. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REPORT ON UNDISBURSED FUNDS.
(a) REPORT REQUIRED. —Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the undisbursed funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
(b) ELEMENTS. —The report required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following:
(1) The total quantities and value, for each of the preceding ten fiscal years, of—
(A) the undisbursed funds in the possession of the Department; and
(B) the undisbursed funds of the Department that were transferred to the Department of Treasury.