134 STAT. 3452         PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

		(1) oversee the execution of all counter unmanned aircraft 
systems being developed by the military departments as of 
the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
		(2) ensure that the plan prioritized by subsection (a) guides 
future programmatic and funding decisions for activities 
relating to counter unmanned aircraft systems, including any 
cancellation of such activities.

SEC. 165. AIRBORNE INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, AND RECONNAIS-
SANCE ACQUISITION ROADMAP FOR THE UNITED STATES 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND.
	(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than December 1, 2021, the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity 
Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Oper-
ations Command shall jointly submit to the congressional defense 
committees an acquisition roadmap to meet the manned and 
unmanned airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance 
requirements of United States Special Operations Forces.
	(b) ELEMENTS.—The roadmap required under subsection (a) 
shall include the following:
		(1) A description of the current platform requirements for 
manned and unmanned airborne intelligence, surveillance, and 
reconnaissance capabilities to support United States Special 
Operations Forces.
		(2) An analysis of the remaining service life of existing 
manned and unmanned airborne intelligence, surveillance, and 
reconnaissance capabilities currently operated by United States 
Special Operations Forces.
		(3) An identification of any current or anticipated gaps 
for special operations-peculiar manned and unmanned airborne 
intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities.
		(4) A description of anticipated manned and unmanned 
intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance platform require-
ments of the United States Special Operations Forces, including 
range, payload, endurance, ability to operate in contested 
environments, and other requirements, as appropriate.
		(5) A description of the manner in which the anticipated 
requirements described in paragraph (4) are in alignment with 
the National Defense Strategy and meet the challenge of stra-
tegic competition and nation state intelligence collection 
requirements.
		(6) An explanation of the anticipated mix of manned and 
unmanned aircraft, number of platforms, and associated aircrew 
and maintainers for support of United States Special Oper-
ations Forces.
		(7) An explanation of the extent to which service-provided 
manned and unmanned airborne intelligence, surveillance, and 
reconnaissance capabilities will be required in support of United 
States Special Operations Forces, and the manner in which 
such capabilities will supplement and integrate with the organic 
capabilities possessed by United States Special Operations 
Forces.
		(8) Any other matters the Assistant Secretary and the 
Commander jointly consider appropriate.