134 STAT. 4024             PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

       ‘‘(B) agency networks, broadcasters, and grantees
adhere to the highest professional standards and ethics
of journalism, including taking necessary actions to uphold
professional standards to produce consistently reliable and
authoritative, accurate, objective, and comprehensive news
and information; and
       ‘‘(7) provide other strategic input to the Chief Executive
Officer.
   ‘‘(e) APPOINTMENT OF HEADS OF NETWORKS.—
       ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The heads of Voice of America, the Office
of Cuba Broadcasting, RFE/RL, Inc., Radio Free Asia, the
Middle East Broadcasting Networks, the Open Technology
Fund, or of any other grantee authorized under this title may
only be appointed or removed if such action has been approved
by a majority vote of the Advisory Board.
       ‘‘(2) REMOVAL.—After consulting with the Chief Executive
Officer, five or more members of the Advisory Board may unilat­
erally remove any such head of network or grantee network
described in paragraph (1).
       ‘‘(3) QUORUM.—
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A quorum shall consist of four mem­
bers of the Advisory Board (excluding the Secretary of
State).
            ‘‘(B) DECISIONS.—Except as provided in paragraph (2),
decisions of the Advisory Board shall be made by majority
vote, a quorum being present.
            ‘‘(C) CLOSED SESSIONS.—The Advisory Board may meet
in closed sessions in accordance with section 552b of title
5, United States Code.
   ‘‘(f) COMPENSATION.—
       ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Members of the Advisory Board, while
attending meetings of the Advisory Board or while engaged
in duties relating to such meetings or in other activities of
the Advisory Board under this section (including travel time)
shall be entitled to receive compensation equal to the daily
equivalent of the compensation prescribed for level IV of the
Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States
Code.
       ‘‘(2) TRAVEL EXPENSES.—While away from their homes or
regular places of business, members of the Board may be
allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsist­
ence, as authorized under section 5703 of such title for persons
in the Government service employed intermittently.
       ‘‘(3) SECRETARY OF STATE.—The Secretary of State is not
entitled to any compensation under this title, but may be
allowed travel expenses in accordance with paragraph (2).
   ‘‘(g) SUPPORT STAFF.—The Chief Executive Officer shall, from
within existing United States Agency for Global Media personnel,
provide the Advisory Board with an Executive Secretary and such
administrative staff and support as may be necessary to enable
the Advisory Board to carry out subsections (d) and (e).’’.
   (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—The United States Inter­
national Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is
amended—
       (1) in section 304—