PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021                 134 STAT. 4099

(A) request assistance from the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security; or
(B) implement any measure or recommendation suggested by the Director.

SEC. 1717. CYBERSECURITY STATE COORDINATOR.
(a) CYBERSECURITY STATE COORDINATOR.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XXII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) is amended—
(A) in section 2202(c) (6 U.S.C. 652(c)—
(i) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end;
(ii) by redesignating paragraph (11) as paragraph (12); and
(iii) by inserting after paragraph (10) the following:
‘‘(11) appoint a Cybersecurity State Coordinator in each State, as described in section 2215; and’’; and
(B) by adding at the end the following new section:


‘‘SEC. 2215. CYBERSECURITY STATE COORDINATOR.
‘‘(a) APPOINTMENT.—The Director shall appoint an employee of the Agency in each State, with the appropriate cybersecurity qualifications and expertise, who shall serve as the Cybersecurity State Coordinator.
‘‘(b) DUTIES.—The duties of a Cybersecurity State Coordinator appointed under subsection (a) shall include—
‘‘(1) building strategic public and, on a voluntary basis, private sector relationships, including by advising on establishing governance structures to facilitate the development and maintenance of secure and resilient infrastructure;
‘‘(2) serving as the Federal cybersecurity risk advisor and supporting preparation, response, and remediation efforts relating to cybersecurity risks and incidents;
‘‘(3) facilitating the sharing of cyber threat information to improve understanding of cybersecurity risks and situational awareness of cybersecurity incidents;
‘‘(4) raising awareness of the financial, technical, and operational resources available from the Federal Government to non-Federal entities to increase resilience against cyber threats;
‘‘(5) supporting training, exercises, and planning for continuity of operations to expedite recovery from cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware;
‘‘(6) serving as a principal point of contact for non-Federal entities to engage, on a voluntary basis, with the Federal Government on preparing, managing, and responding to cybersecurity incidents;
‘‘(7) assisting non-Federal entities in developing and coordinating vulnerability disclosure programs consistent with Federal and information security industry standards;
‘‘(8) assisting State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments, on a voluntary basis, in the development of State cybersecurity plans;
‘‘(9) coordinating with appropriate officials within the Agency; and
‘‘(10) performing such other duties as determined necessary by the Director to achieve the goal of managing cybersecurity