134 STAT. 4046          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy to support investments in technologies for phase three pursuant to paragraph (1) that includes—
(A) the funding requirements for such strategy during fiscal years 2022 through 2026;
(B) a schedule for investments toward phase three;
(C) associated milestones; and
(D) a planned schedule for awarding phase three contracts.
(5) REPORT.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary enters into an agreement under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report explaining which enabling technologies are funded under such agreement.
Deadline. (d) BRIEFING.—Not later than March 15, 2021, and quarterly thereafter through September 30, 2023, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress made by the Secretary in ensuring that full and open competition exists for phase three contracts, including—
(1) a description of progress made to establish the requirements for phase three contracts, including such requirements that the Secretary determines cannot be met by the commercial market;
Determination. (2) whether the Secretary determines that additional development funding will be necessary for such phase;
(3) a description of the estimated costs for the development described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (c)(3); and
Determination. (4) how the Secretary will—
(A) ensure full and open competition for technology development for phase three contracts; and
(B) maintain competition.
(e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section may be construed to delay the award of phase two contracts.

Time periods. (f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term “appropriate congressional committees” means—
(A) the congressional defense committees; and
(B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.
(2) The term “down-selected National Security Space Launch provider” means a National Security Space Launch provider that the Secretary of the Air Force selected to be awarded phase two contracts.
(3) The term “phase three contract” means a contract awarded using competitive procedures for launch services under the National Security Space Launch program after fiscal year 2024.
(4) The term “phase two acquisition strategy” means the process by which the Secretary of the Air Force enters into phase two contracts during fiscal year 2020, orders launch missions during fiscal years 2020 through 2024, and carries out such launches under the National Security Space Launch program.
(5) The term “phase two contract” means a contract awarded during fiscal year 2020 using competitive procedures