134 STAT. 4398 PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

period of not more than 10 days, if the Maritime Administrator makes the determinations referred to in paragraph (1).

    ‘‘(C) AGGREGATE DURATION.—The aggregate duration of the period of all waivers and extensions of waivers under this subsection with respect to any one set of events shall not exceed 45 days.’’; and

    (iii) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated—
    (I) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’; and
    (II) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:

    ‘‘(C) NOTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR EXTENSIONS.—For purposes of this paragraph, an extension requested or issued under paragraph (2)(B) shall be treated in the same manner as a waiver requested or issued under this subsection.’’;

    (C) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and

    (D) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection:

    ‘‘(c) REPORT.—
        ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 10 days after the date of the conclusion of the voyage of a vessel that, during such voyage, operated under a waiver issued under this section, the owner or operator of the vessel shall submit to the Maritime Administrator a report that includes—
            ‘‘(A) the name and flag of the vessel;
            ‘‘(B) the dates of the voyage;
            ‘‘(C) any relevant ports of call; and
            ‘‘(D) any other information the Maritime Administrator determines necessary.
        ‘‘(2) PUBLICATION.—Not later than 48 hours after receiving a report under paragraph (1), the Maritime Administrator shall publish such report on an appropriate website of the Department of Transportation.’’.
        
        (2) APPLICABILITY.—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to waivers issued after the date of the enactment of this Act.
        
        (b) FOREIGN VESSEL CHARTERS FOR PASSENGER VESSELS.—For fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year, the Maritime Administrator shall make publicly available on an appropriate website of the Maritime Administration—
        (1) a detailed summary of each request for a determination, approval, or confirmation that a vessel charter for a passenger vessel is encompassed by the general approval of time charters issued pursuant to section 56101 of title 46, United States Code, or regulations prescribed pursuant to such section; and
        (2) the final action of the Administration with respect to such request, after the provision of notice and opportunity for public comment.

SEC. 3503. SUPERINTENDENT OF THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY.

(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of Congress that, due to the unique mission of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, it is highly desirable that the Superintendent of the