PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 4559

        ‘‘(iv) any other information, as determined appro-
     priate by the Director.
           ‘‘(C) SENSITIVE INFORMATION.—Notwithstanding
     subparagraph (D), FinCEN shall review each report
     required under subparagraph (A) before the report is sub-
     mitted to ensure the report does not disclose sensitive Reviews.
     information.
           ‘‘(D) INDEPENDENCE.— Reviews.
                ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Each report required under
           subparagraph (A) shall be provided directly to the
           committees listed in that subparagraph, except that
           a relevant Federal functional regulator, State bank
           supervisor, Office of Management and Budget, or State
           credit union supervisor shall have an opportunity for
           review and comment before the submission of the
           report.
                ‘‘(ii) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in clause
           (i) may be construed to preclude FinCEN or any other
           department or agency from reviewing a report required
           under subparagraph (A) for the sole purpose of pro-
           tecting—
                     ‘‘(I) sensitive information obtained by a law
                enforcement agency; and
                     ‘‘(II) classified information.
           ‘‘(E) CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.—No report required
     under subparagraph (A) may contain classified information.
           ‘‘(8) DEFINITION.—In this subsection the term ‘Federal
     functional regulator’ has the meaning given the term in section
     6003 of the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020.’’.

SEC. 6108. FOREIGN FINANCIAL INTELLIGENCE UNIT LIAISONS.
     Section 310 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by
sections 6103, 6105, and 6107 of this division, is amended by
inserting after subsection (g) the following:
     ‘‘(h) FINCEN FOREIGN FINANCIAL INTELLIGENCE UNIT LIAI- Appointments.
SONS.—
           ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of FinCEN shall appoint
     not fewer than 6 Foreign Financial Intelligence Unit Liaisons,
     who shall—
                ‘‘(A) be knowledgeable about domestic or international
           anti-money laundering or countering the financing of ter-
           rorism laws and regulations;
                ‘‘(B) possess a technical understanding of the Bank
           Secrecy Act, the protocols of the Egmont Group of Financial
           Intelligence Units, and the Financial Action Task Force
           and the recommendations issued by that Task Force;
                ‘‘(C) be co-located in a United States embassy, a similar
           United States Government facility, or a foreign government
           facility, as appropriate;
                ‘‘(D) facilitate capacity building and perform outreach
           with respect to anti-money laundering and countering the
           financing of terrorism regulatory and analytical frame-
works;
                ‘‘(E) establish and maintain relationships with officials
           from foreign intelligence units, regulatory authorities, min-
           istries of finance, central banks, law enforcement agencies,
           and other competent authorities;