PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3863

SEC. 1073. REPORT ON JOINT TRAINING RANGE EXERCISES FOR THE PACIFIC REGION.

(a) REPORT.—Not later than March 15, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command, and the head of each of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a plan to integrate combined, joint, and multi-domain training and experimentation in the Pacific region, including existing and future ranges, training areas, and test facilities, to achieve the following objectives:

(1) Support future combined and joint exercises and training to test operational capabilities and weapon systems.
(2) Employ multi-domain training to validate joint operational concepts. 
(3) Integrate allied and partner countries into national-level exercises. 
(4) Build and sustain United States military readiness.

(b) MATTERS.—The report under subsection (a) shall address the following:

(1) Integration of cyber, space, and electromagnetic spectrum domains.
(2) Mobile and fixed range instrumentation packages for experimentation and training. 
(3) Digital, integrated command and control for air defense systems.
(4) Command, control, communications, computer, and information systems. 
(5) War gaming, modeling, and simulations packages. 
(6) Intelligence support systems. 
(7) Manpower management, execution, collection, and analysis required for the incorporation of space and cyber activities into the training range exercise plan contained in the report. 
(8) Connectivity requirements to support all domain integration and training. 
(9) Any training range upgrades or infrastructure improvements necessary to integrate legacy training and exercise facilities into integrated, operational sites. 
(10) Exercises led by the United States Indo-Pacific Command, within the area of operations of the Command, that integrate allied and partnered countries and link to the national-level exercises of the United States. 
(11) Incorporation of any other functional and geographic combatant commands required to support the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
(12) Incorporation of concepts related to the Joint Warfighting Concept, as applicable.
(13) The plan, resource requirements, and any additional authorities needed through fiscal year 2031 to achieve the objectives referred to in subsection (a).

(c) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form, and shall include an unclassified summary.
