134 STAT. 4598        PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

“§ 5323. Whistleblower incentives and protections

“(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
        “(1) COVERED JUDICIAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE ACTION.—The
term ‘covered judicial or administrative action’ means any
judicial or administrative action brought by the Secretary of
the Treasury (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)
or the Attorney General under this subchapter or subchapter
III that results in monetary sanctions exceeding $1,000,000.

        “(2) MONETARY SANCTIONS.—The term ‘monetary sanctions’,
when used with respect to any judicial or administrative
action—
                “(A) means any monies, including penalties,
disgorgement, and interest, ordered to be paid; and
                “(B) does not include—
                        “(i) forfeiture;
                        “(ii) restitution; or
                        “(iii) any victim compensation payment.

        “(3) ORIGINAL INFORMATION.—The term ‘original informa-
tion’ means information that—
                “(A) is derived from the independent knowledge or
analysis of a whistleblower;
                “(B) is not known to the Secretary or the Attorney
General from any other source, unless the whistleblower
is the original source of the information; and
                “(C) is not exclusively derived from an allegation made
in a judicial or administrative hearing, in a governmental
report, hearing, audit, or investigation, or from the news
media, unless the whistleblower is a source of the informa-
tion.

        “(4) RELATED ACTION.—The term ‘related action’, when used
with respect to any judicial or administrative action brought
by the Secretary or the Attorney General under this subchapter
or subchapter III, means any judicial or administrative action
brought by an entity described in any of subclauses (I) through
(III) of subsection (g)(4)(D)(i) that is based upon the original
information provided by a whistleblower pursuant to subsection
(b) that led to the successful enforcement of the action by
the Secretary or the Attorney General.

        “(5) WHISTLEBLOWER.—
                “(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘whistleblower’ means any
individual who provides, or 2 or more individuals acting
jointly who provide, information relating to a violation
of this subchapter or subchapter III to the employer of
the individual or individuals, including as part of the job
duties of the individual or individuals, or to the Secretary
or the Attorney General.
                “(B) SPECIAL RULE.—Solely for the purposes of sub-
section (g)(1), the term ‘whistleblower’ includes any indi-
vidual who takes, or 2 or more individuals acting jointly
who take, an action described in subsection (g)(1)(A)(i).

        “(b) AWARDS.—
                “(1) IN GENERAL.—In any covered judicial or administrative
action, or related action, the Secretary, under regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney
General and subject to subsection (c) and to amounts made
available in advance by appropriation Acts, shall pay an award
or awards to 1 or more whistleblowers who voluntarily provided

Regulations.
Consultation.