134 STAT. 4084          PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

              “(B) a comparison of the strengths and weaknesses 
           of the approaches identified pursuant to subparagraph (A) 
           relative to the threat of each other; and 
              “(C) an assessment as to how the cyber strategy will 
           inform country-specific campaign plans focused on key 
           leadership of Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and any 
           other country the Secretary considers appropriate.”; 
       (7) by striking paragraph (8) and inserting the following 
   new paragraph (8):
     Assessments. “(8) A comprehensive force structure assessment of the 
           Cyber Operations Forces of the Department for the posture 
           review period, including the following:
     Determination. “(A) A determination of the appropriate size and com-
          position of the Cyber Mission Forces to accomplish the 
          mission requirements of the Department.
              “(B) An assessment of the Cyber Mission Forces’ per-
           sonnel, capabilities, equipment, funding, operational con-
           cepts, and ability to execute cyber operations in a timely 
           fashion.
              “(C) An assessment of the personnel, capabilities, 
           equipment, funding, and operational concepts of Cybersecu-
           rity Service Providers and other elements of the Cyber 
           Operations Forces.”;
       (8) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (11) as sub-
   sections (12) through (14), respectively; and 
       (9) by inserting after paragraph (8), the following new 
   paragraphs:
     Assessment.     “(9) An assessment of whether the Cyber Mission Force 
           has the appropriate level of interoperability, integration, and 
           interdependence with special operations and conventional 
           forces.
     Evaluation.     “(10) An evaluation of the adequacy of mission authorities 
           for the Joint Force Provider and Joint Force Trainer responsibil-
           ities of United States Cyber Command, including the adequacy  
           of the units designated as Cyber Operations Forces to support 
           such responsibilities.
     Assessment.     “(11) An assessment of the missions and resourcing of 
           the combat support agencies in support of cyber missions of 
           the Department.”.

SEC. 1707. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND 
  MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CYBER OPERATIONS- 
  PECULIAR CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS.
   Section 1640 of the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92) is amended—
       (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections 
   (c) and (d), respectively; 
       (2) in subsection (a)— 
            (A) by striking “The Secretary of Defense” and 
       inserting “Subject to subsection (b), the Commander of 
       the United States Cyber Command”;
             (B) by striking “per service” and inserting “per use”;
       and 
             (C) by striking “through 2022” and inserting “through 
       2025”;
       (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: