PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

134 STAT. 3729

Sec. 832. Extension of pilot program for streamlined awards for innovative technology programs.
Sec. 833. Listing of other transaction authority consortia.
Sec. 834. Pilot program on the use of consumption-based solutions to address software-intensive warfighting capability.
Sec. 835. Balancing security and innovation in software development and acquisition.
Sec. 836. Digital modernization of analytical and decision-support processes for managing and overseeing Department of Defense acquisition programs.
Sec. 837. Safeguarding defense-sensitive United States intellectual property, technology, and other data and information.
Sec. 838. Comptroller General report on implementation of software acquisition reforms.
Sec. 839. Comptroller General report on intellectual property acquisition and licensing.

Subtitle D—Industrial Base Matters

Sec. 841. Additional requirements pertaining to printed circuit boards.
Sec. 842. Report on nonavailability determinations and quarterly national technology and industrial base briefings.
Sec. 843. Modification of framework for modernizing acquisition processes to ensure integrity of industrial base and inclusion of optical transmission components.
Sec. 844. Expansion on the prohibition on acquiring certain metal products.
Sec. 845. Miscellaneous limitations on the procurement of goods other than United States goods.
Sec. 846. Improving implementation of policy pertaining to the national technology and industrial base.
Sec. 847. Report and limitation on the availability of funds relating to eliminating gaps and vulnerabilities in the national technology and industrial base.
Sec. 848. Supply of strategic and critical materials for the Department of Defense.
Sec. 849. Fund certain activities for actions to address sourcing and industrial base gaps.
Sec. 850. Implementation of recommendations for assessing and strengthening the manufacturing and defense industrial base and supply chain resiliency.
Sec. 851. Report on strategic and critical materials.
Sec. 852. Report on aluminum refining, processing, and manufacturing.

Subtitle E—Small Business Matters

Sec. 861. Initiatives to support small businesses in the national technology and industrial base.
Sec. 862. Transfer of verification of small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans or service-disabled veterans to the Small Business Administration.
Sec. 863. Implementation date standard requirements for small business concerns.
Sec. 864. Maximum award price for sole source manufacturing contracts.
Sec. 865. Reporting requirement on expenditure amounts for the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program.
Sec. 866. Small businesses in territories of the United States.
Sec. 867. Eligibility of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands for certain Small Business Administration programs.
Sec. 868. Past performance ratings of certain small business concerns.
Sec. 869. Extension of participation in 8(a) program.
Sec. 870. Compliance of Offices of Small Business and Disadvantaged Business Utilization.
Sec. 871. Category management training.

Subtitle F—Other Matters

Sec. 881. Review of and report on overdue acquisition and cross-servicing agreement transactions.
Sec. 882. Domestic comparative testing activities.
Sec. 883. Prohibition on awarding of contracts to contractors that require nondisclosure agreements relating to waste, fraud, or abuse.
Sec. 884. Program management improvement officers and program management policy council.
Sec. 885. Disclosure of beneficial owners in database for Federal agency contract and grant officers.
Sec. 886. Repeal of pilot program on payment of costs for denied Government Accountability Office bid protests.