PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021 134 STAT. 3951

(3) the United States should continue to pursue efforts consistent with a comprehensive, multilateral assessment of the military requirements of the Baltic states focused on security sector assistance, coordination, and planning designed to ensure the security of the Baltic states and address current and future security challenges.

SEC. 1248. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE ROLE OF THE KOSOVO FORCE OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 

It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Kosovo Force of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization continues to play an indispensable role in maintaining security and stability in the Western Balkans, which are the essential predicates for the success of diplomatic efforts between Kosovo and Serbia; 
(2) the participation of the United States Armed Forces in the Kosovo Force is foundational to the credibility and success of mission of the Kosovo Force; 
(3) with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies and other European partners contributing over 80 percent of the troops for the mission, the Kosovo Force is a primary example of the long-term benefits of burden sharing to United States national security interests; and 
(4) together with the allies and partners of the United States, the United States should— 
(A) maintain its commitment to the Kosovo Force; 
(B) take all appropriate steps to ensure that the Kosovo Force has the necessary personnel, capabilities, and resources to perform its critical mission; and 
(C) continue to support the gradual transition of the Kosovo Security Force to a multi-ethnic army for the Republic of Kosovo that is interoperable with North Atlantic Treaty Organization members through an inclusive and transparent process that—
(i) respects the rights and concerns of all citizens of Kosovo; 
(ii) promotes regional security and stability; and 
(iii) supports the aspirations of Kosovo for full Euro-Atlantic integration.

Subtitle F—Matters Relating to the Indo-Pacific Region 

SEC. 1251. PACIFIC DETERRENCE INITIATIVE. 

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish an initiative, to be known as the “Pacific Deterrence Initiative” (in this section referred to as the “Initiative”), to carry out prioritized activities to enhance the United States deterrence and defense posture in the Indo-Pacific region, assure allies and partners, and increase capability and readiness in the Indo-Pacific region. 

(b) PURPOSE.—The Initiative required under subsection (a) shall carry out the following prioritized activities to improve the design and posture of the joint force in the Indo-Pacific region, primarily west of the International Date Line: