134 STAT. 3580  PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

      “(B) may not make an adverse determination on the retired grade of the officer until the officer has had a reasonable opportunity to respond regarding the basis for the reopening of the officer’s retired grade.
        “(5) ADDITIONAL NOTICE ON REOPENING FOR OFFICERS RETIRED IN O–9 AND O–10 GRADES.—If the determination of the retired grade of an officer whose retired grade was provided for pursuant to subsection (c) is reopened, the Secretary of Defense shall also notify the President and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
        “(6) MANNER OF MAKING OF CHANGE.—If the retired grade of an officer is proposed to be changed through the reopening of the final determination of an officer’s retired grade under this subsection, the change in grade shall be made—
            “(A) in the case of an officer whose retired grade is to be changed to a grade at or below the grade of major general in the Army, Air Force or Marine Corps, rear admiral in the Navy, or the equivalent grade in the Space Force, in accordance with subsections (a) and (b)—
                “(i) by the Secretary of Defense (who may delegate such authority only as authorized by clause (ii)); or
                “(ii) if authorized by the Secretary of Defense, by the Secretary of the military department concerned (who may not further delegate such authority);
            “(B) in the case of an officer whose retired grade is to be changed to the grade of general or lieutenant general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, vice admiral or admiral in the Navy, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force, by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
        “(7) RECALCULATION OF RETIRED PAY.—If the final retired grade of an officer is changed through the reopening of the officer’s retired grade under this subsection, the retired pay of the officer under chapter 71 of this title shall be recalculated. Any modification of the retired pay of the officer as a result of the change shall go into effect on the effective date of the change of the officer’s retired grade, and the officer shall not be entitled or subject to any changed amount of retired pay for any period before such effective date. An officer whose retired grade is changed as provided in paragraph (6)(B) shall not be entitled or subject to a change in retired pay for any period before the date on which the Senate provides advice and consent for the retirement of the officer in such grade.
        “(g) HIGHEST PERMANENT GRADE DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘highest permanent grade’ means a grade at or below the grade of major general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, rear admiral in the Navy, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force.
        
Effective date.                                             
10 USC 1370a.          “§ 1370a. Officers entitled to retired pay for non-regular service

          DETERMINATION.
        “(a) RETIREMENT IN HIGHEST GRADE HELD SATISFACTORILY.—Unless entitled to a different grade, or to credit for satisfactory service in a different grade under some other provision of law, a person who is entitled to retired pay under chapter 1223 of this title shall, upon application under section 12731 of this title,