134 STAT. 4716

PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021

“(vi) Incorporation to the maximum extent possible of guidance and recommendations contained in vessel traffic service operator training, vessel traffic services supervisor training, or other relevant training set forth by the International Association of Marine Aids to Navigation and Lighthouse Authorities.
“(vii) A minimum number of hours of training for an individual to complete before the individual is qualified to fill a vessel traffic services position without supervision.
“(viii) Local area geographic and operational familiarization.
“(ix) Such additional components as the Secretary considers appropriate.
“(2) STANDARD COMPETENCY QUALIFICATION PROCESS.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall develop a standard competency qualification process to be applied to all personnel assigned, employed, or working in a vessel traffic service center.
“(B) APPLICATION OF PROCESS.—The competency qualification process developed under subparagraph (A) shall include measurable thresholds for determining proficiency.
“(3) INTERNATIONAL AND INLAND NAVIGATION RULES TEST.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—All personnel assigned, employed, or working in a vessel traffic service center, with responsibilities that include communicating, interacting, or directing vessels within a vessel traffic service area, as determined under the national policy developed under subsection (b), shall be required to pass a United States international and inland navigation rules test developed by the Secretary.
“(B) ELEMENTS OF TEST.—The Secretary shall determine the content and passing standard for the rules test developed under subparagraph (A).
“(C) TESTING FREQUENCY.—The Secretary shall establish a frequency, not to exceed once every 5 years, for personnel described in subparagraph (A) to be required to pass the rules test developed under such subparagraph.
“(h) RESEARCH ON VESSEL TRAFFIC.—
“(1) VESSEL COMMUNICATION.—The Secretary shall conduct research, in consultation with subject matter experts identified by the Secretary, to develop more effective procedures for monitoring vessel communications on radio frequencies to identify and address unsafe situations in a vessel traffic service area. The Secretary shall consider data collected under subparagraph (A) of subsection (f)(3).
“(2) PROFESSIONAL MARINER REPRESENTATION.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall conduct research, in consultation with local stakeholders and subject matter experts identified by the Secretary, to evaluate and determine the feasibility, costs and benefits of representation by professional mariners on the vessel traffic service watchfloor at each vessel traffic service center.
“(B) IMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary shall implement representation by professional mariners on the vessel