134 STAT. 3676               PUBLIC LAW 116–283—JAN. 1, 2021
      
                                    (2) by striking “his earlier military service” the first place
                                 it appears and inserting “a Reserve’s earlier military service”;
                                    (3) by striking “his earlier military service” each other
                                 place it appears and inserting “the Reserve’s earlier military
                                 service”;
                                    (4) by striking “he is entitled” and inserting “the Reserve
                                 is entitled”; and
                                    (5) by striking “the member or his dependents” and
                                 inserting “the Reserve or the Reserve’s dependents”.
                                (d) PROCEDURES.—Such section is further amended by adding
                             at the end the following new subsection:
                                “(d) The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations under 
                             which a Reserve of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps,
                             or Coast Guard may waive the pay and allowances authorized
                             by law for the duty the Reserve is performing under subsection 
                             (a)(2) or (b)(2).”.
10 USC 12316                  (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section
note.                        shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this
                             Act.
SEC. 622. RESTATEMENT AND CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
                REIMBURSE MEMBERS FOR SPOUSE RELICENSING COSTS 
                PURSUANT TO A PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION.

                                (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 453 of title 37, United States Code,
                             is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
                                “(g) REIMBURSEMENT OF QUALIFYING SPOUSE RELICENSING
                             COSTS INCIDENT TO A MEMBER’S PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION
                             OR ASSIGNMENT.—(1) From amounts otherwise made available for
                             a fiscal year to provide travel and transportation allowances under
                             this chapter, the Secretary concerned may reimburse a member
                             of the uniformed services for qualified relicensing costs of the spouse
                             of the member when—
                                        “(A) the member is reassigned, either as a permanent
                                     change of station or permanent change of assignment, between
                                     duty stations located in separate jurisdictions with unique 
                                     licensing or certification requirements and authorities; and
                                        “(B) the movement of the member’s dependents is author-
                                     ized at the expense of the United States under this section
                                     as part of the reassignment.
                                        “(2) Reimbursement provided to a member under this sub-
                                     section may not exceed $1000 in connection with each reassignment 
                                     described in paragraph (1).
                                        “(3) No reimbursement may be provided under this subsection
                                     for qualified relicensing costs paid or incurred after December 31,
                                     2024.
Definition.                       “(4) In this subsection, the term ‘qualified relicensing costs’
                                     means costs, including exam, continuing education courses, and
                                     registration fees, incurred by the spouse of a member if—
                                             “(A) the spouse was licensed or certified in a profession
                                        during the member’s previous duty assignment and requires
                                        a new license or certification to engage in that profession in
                                        a new jurisdiction because of movement described in paragraph
                                        (1)(B) in connection with the member’s change in duty location 
                                        pursuant to reassignment described in paragraph (1)(A); and
                                             “(B) the costs were incurred or paid to secure or maintain 
                                        the license or certification from the new jurisdiction in connec-
                                        tion with such reassignment.”.