134 STAT. 3878      PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

(1) expresses support for the designation of ‘‘National Borinqueneers Day”;
(2) recognizes the bravery, service, and sacrifice of the Puerto Rican soldiers of the 65th Infantry Regiment in the armed conflicts of the United States in the 20th and 21st centuries;
(3) expresses deep gratitude for the contributions to the Armed Forces that have been made by hundreds of thousands of patriotic United States citizens from Puerto Rico; and
(4) urges individuals and communities across the United States to participate in activities that are designed—
    (A) to celebrate the distinguished service of the veterans who served in the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’;
    (B) to pay tribute to the sacrifices made and adversities overcome by Puerto Rican and Hispanic members of the Armed Forces; and
    (C) to recognize the significant contributions to United States history made by the Borinqueneers.
    
10 USC 342 note.    SEC. 1089. TED STEVENS CENTER FOR ARCTIC SECURITY STUDIES.
Deadline.      (a) PLAN REQUIRED—
Coordination        (1) IN GENERAL—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to establish a Department of Defense Regional Center for Security Studies for the Arctic.
        (2) ELEMENTS—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following:
            (A) A description of the benefits of establishing such a center, including the manner in which the establishment of such a center would benefit United States and Department of Defense interests in the Arctic region.
            (B) A description of the mission and purpose of such a center, including—
                (i) enhancing understanding of the dynamics and national security implications of an emerging Arctic region, including increased access for transit and maneuverability; and
                (ii) other specific policy guidance from the Office of the Secretary of Defense.
Analysis.        (C) An analysis of suitable reporting relationships with the applicable combatant commands.
Assessment.        (D) An assessment of suitable locations, which shall include an enumeration and valuation of criteria, which may include—
                (i) the proximity of a location to other academic institutions that study security implications with respect to the Arctic region;
                (ii) the proximity of a location to the designated lead for Arctic affairs of the United States Northern Command; and
                (iii) the proximity of a location to a central hub of assigned Arctic-focused Armed Forces so as to suitably advance relevant professional development of skills unique to the Arctic region.