134 STAT. 3518         PUBLIC LAW 116-283—JAN. 1, 2021

    ‘‘(2) ensure that such contracts include requirements appropriate to ensure energy resilience and energy security, including requirements for metering to measure, manage, and verify energy consumption, availability, and reliability consistent with this section and the energy resilience metrics and standards under section 2911(b) of this title.
    ‘‘(f) EXCEPTION.—This section does not apply to fuels used in aircraft, vessels, or motor vehicles.
    ‘‘(g) REPORT.—If by the end of fiscal year 2029, the Secretary determines that the Department will be unable to meet the requirements under subsection (a), not later than 90 days after the end of such fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report detailing—
        ‘‘(1) the projected shortfall;
        ‘‘(2) reasons for the projected shortfall;
        ‘‘(3) any statutory, technological, or monetary impediments to achieving such requirements;
        ‘‘(4) any impact to readiness or ability to meet the national defense posture; and
        ‘‘(5) any other relevant information as the Secretary considers appropriate.
    ‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
        ‘‘(1) The term ‘availability’ means the availability of required energy at a stated instant of time or over a stated period of time for a specific purpose.
        ‘‘(2) The term ‘black start exercise’ means an exercise in which delivery of energy provided from off an installation is terminated before backup generation assets on the installation are turned on. Such an exercise shall—
            ‘‘(A) determine the ability of the backup systems to start independently, transfer the load, and carry the load until energy from off the installation is restored;
            ‘‘(B) align organizations with critical missions to coordinate in meeting critical mission requirements;
            ‘‘(C) validate mission operation plans, such as continuity of operations plans;
            ‘‘(D) identify infrastructure interdependencies; and
            ‘‘(E) verify backup electric power system performance.
        ‘‘(3) The term ‘critical mission’—
            ‘‘(A) means those aspects of the missions of an installation, including mission essential operations, that are critical to successful performance of the strategic national defense mission;
            ‘‘(B) may include operational headquarters facilities, airfields and supporting infrastructure, harbor facilities supporting naval vessels, munitions production and storage facilities, missile fields, radars, satellite control facilities, cyber operations facilities, space launch facilities, operational communications facilities, and biological defense facilities; and
            ‘‘(C) does not include military housing (including privatized military housing), morale, welfare, and recreation facilities, exchanges, commissaries, or privately owned facilities.
        ‘‘(4) The term ‘energy’ means electricity, natural gas, steam, chilled water, and heated water.