Pt. 698, App. G			16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

All furnishers subject to the Federal Trade Commission's jurisdiction must comply with all applicable regulations, including regulations promulgated after this notice was prescribed in 2004. Information about applicable regulations currently in effect can be found at the Commission's Web site, www.ftc.gov/credit. Furnishers who are not subject to the Commission's jurisdiction should consult with their regulators to find any relevant regulations.

	NOTICE TO FURNISHERS OF INFORMATION:
		OBLIGATIONS OF FURNISHERS UNDER THE FCRA

The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2(a), imposes responsibilities on all persons who furnish information to consumer reporting agencies (CRAS). These responsibilities are found in Section 623 of the FCRA, 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2. State law may impose additional requirements on furnishers. All furnishers of information to CRAs should become familiar with the applicable laws and may wish to consult with their counsel to ensure that they are in compliance. The text of the FCRA is set forth in full in the Website of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC): www.ftc.gov/credit. A list of the sections of the FCRA cross- referenced to the U.S. Code is at the end of this document.
Section 623 imposes the following duties upon furnishers:
	Accuracy Guidelines

The banking and credit union regulators and the FTC will promulgate guidelines and regulations dealing with the accuracy of information provided to CRAs by furnishers. The regulations and guidelines issued by the FTC will be available at www.ftc.gov/credit when they are issued. Section 623(e)

	General Prohibition on Reporting Inaccurate Information
The FCRA prohibits information furnishers from providing information to a CRA that they le now or have reasonable cause to believe is inaccurate. However, the furnisher is not subject to this general prohibition if it clearly and conspicuously specifies an address to which consumers may write to notify the furnisher that certain information is inaccurate. Sections 623(a)(1)(A) and (1)(C)

	Duty to Correct and Update Information
If at any time a person who regularly and in the ordinary course of business furnishes information to one or more CRAs determines that the information provided is not complete or accurate, the furnisher must promptly provide complete and accurate information to the CRA. In addition, the furnisher must notify all CRAos that received the information of any corrections, and must thereafter report only the complete and accurate information. Section 623(a)(2)

646