Federal Trade Commission

the information contained in the consumer report and has the right to dispute any inaccurate information in the report;
(J) A statement that federal law gives the consumer the right to obtain copies of his or her consumer reports directly from the consumer reporting agencies, including a free report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once during any 12-month period;
(K) Contact information for the centralized source from which consumers may obtain their free annual consumer reports; and
(L) A statement directing consumers to the web sites of the Federal Reserve Board and Federal Trade Commission to obtain more information about consumer reports.
(ii) Examples. The manner in which multiple credit scores are to be disclosed under this section are substantially identical to the manner set forth in the examples contained in paragraph (d)(4)(ii) of this section.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section is contained in 16 CFR Part B, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B-4 is deemed to comply with the requirements of § 640.5(e). Use of the model form is optional.
(f) Credit score not available—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if the person:
(i) Regularly obtains credit scores from a consumer reporting agency and provides credit score disclosures to consumers in accordance with paragraphs (d) or (e) of this section, but a credit score is not available from the consumer reporting agency from which the person regularly obtains credit scores for a consumer to whom the person grants, extends, or provides credit;
(ii) Does not obtain a credit score from another consumer reporting agency in connection with granting, extending, or providing credit to the consumer; and
(iii) Provides to the consumer a notice that contains the following—
(A) A statement that a consumer reagent (or credit report) includes information about the consumer’s credit history and the type of information included in that history;
(B) A statement that a credit score is a number that takes into account information in a consumer report and that a credit score can change over time in response to changes in the consumer’s credit history;
(C) A statement that credit scores are important because consumers with higher credit scores generally obtain more favorable credit terms;
§640.5
notice described in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section must include one of those credit scores and the other information required by that paragraph. The notice may, at the person’s option, include more than one credit score, along with the additional information specified in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section for each credit score disclosed.
(ii) Examples. The manner in which multiple credit scores are to be disclosed under this section are substantially identical to the manner set forth in the examples contained in paragraph (e)(4)(ii) of this section.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section is contained in 16 CFR Part B, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B-4 is deemed to comply with the requirements of § 640.5(e). Use of the model form is optional.
(f) Credit score not available—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if the person:
(i) Regularly obtains credit scores from a consumer reporting agency and provides credit score disclosures to consumers in accordance with paragraphs (d) or (e) of this section, but a credit score is not available from the consumer reporting agency from which the person regularly obtains credit scores for a consumer to whom the person grants, extends, or provides credit;
(ii) Does not obtain a credit score from another consumer reporting agency in connection with granting, extending, or providing credit to the consumer;
595