Federal Trade Commission

Such disclosure shall be made at or prior to the time the information is deleted or the consumer's statement regarding the disputed information is received."

1. Relation to Other Sections

This section sets forth procedures consumer reporting agencies must follow if a consumer conveys a dispute of the completeness or accuracy of any item of information in the consumer's file to the consumer reporting agency. Section 609 provides for disclosures by consumer reporting agencies to consumers, and section 610 sets forth conditions of disclosure. Section 612 permits a consumer reporting agency to impose charges for certain disclosures, including the furnishing of certain information to recipients of prior reports, as provided by section 611(d).

2. Proper Reinvestigation

A consumer reporting agency conducting a reinvestigation must make a good faith effort to determine the accuracy of the disputed item or items. At a minimum, it must check with the original sources or other reliable sources of disputed information and inform them of the nature of the consumer's dispute. In reinvestigating and attempting to verify a disputed credit transaction, a consumer reporting agency may rely on the accuracy of a creditor's ledger sheets and need not require the creditor to produce documentation such as the actual signed slips. Depending on the nature of the dispute reinvestigation and resolution may require more than asking the original source of the disputed information the same question and receiving the same answer. If the consumer reporting agency has reason to question the accuracy of the information, the consumer reporting agency should at least explain to the source that the original statement has been disputed, state the consumer's position, and then ask whether the source would confirm the information, quality it, or accept the consumer's explanation.

3. Complaint of Insufficient File, or Lack of File

The FCRA does not require a consumer reporting agency to add new items of information to its file. A consumer reporting agency is not required to create new files on consumers for whom it has no file, nor is it required to add new lines of information about new accounts not reflected in an existing tile. If a consumer reporting agency is the consumer to dispute only the completeness or accuracy of particular items of information already in that file. If a consumer reporting agency chooses to add lines of information at, the consumer's request, it may charge a fee for doing so.

4. Explanation of Extenuating Circumstances

A consumer reporting agency has no duty to reinvestigate, or take any other action under this section, if a consumer merely provides a reason for a failure to pay a debt (e.g., sudden illness or layoff), and does not challenge the accuracy or completeness of the item of information in the tile relating to a debt. Most creditors are aware that a variety of circumstances may render consumers unable to repay credit obligations. Although a consumer reporting agency is not required to accept a consumer dispute statement that does not challenge the accuracy or completeness of an item in the consumer's file, it may accept such a statement and may charge a fee for doing so.

5. Reinvestigation of a Debt

A consumer reporting agency must reinvestigate if a consumer conveys to it a dispute concerning the validity or status of a debt, such as whether the debt was owed by the consumer or whether the debt was subsequently been paid. For example, if a consumer alleges that a judgment reflected in the file as unpaid has indeed been paid, or notifies a consumer reporting agency that a past due obligation reflected in the file as unpaid was subsequently paid, the consumer reporting agency must reinvestigate the matter. If a file reflects a debt discharged In bankruptcy without reflecting both the reaffirmation and payment of that debt, a consumer may require that the item be reinvestigated.

6. Status of a Debt

The consumer reporting agency must, upon reinvestigation, "record the current status" of he disputed item. This requires inclusion of any information relating to a change in status of an ongoing matter (e.g., that a credit account had been closed, that a debt showing as past due had subsequently been paid or discharged in bankruptcy, or that a debt shown as discharged in bankruptcy was later reaffirmed and/or paid).

7. Dispute Conveyed to Party Other Than the Consumer Reporting Agency

A consumer reporting agency is required to take action under this section only if the consumer directly communicates a dispute to it. It is not required to respond to a dispute of information that the consumer merely conveys to others (e.g., to a source of information). (But see, however, discussion in section 607, item 3A, of consumer reporting agencies' duties to correct errors that come to their attention.)

567