Federal Trade Commission                            § 640.3

specific type of credit product include
student loans, unsecured credit cards,
secured credit cards, new automobile
loans, used automobile loans, fixedrate mortgage loans, and variable-rate
mortgage loans. As an alternative to
making this direct comparison, a person may make the determination by
using one of the following methods:
    (1) Credit score proxy method—(i) In
general. A person that sets the material
terms of credit granted, extended, or
otherwise provided to a consumer,
based in whole or in part on a credit
score, may comply with the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section
by—
    (A) Determining the credit score
(hereafter referred to as the ‘‘cutoff
score’’) that represents the point at
which approximately 40 percent of the
consumers to whom it grants, extends,
or provides credit have higher credit
scores and approximately 60 percent of
the consumers to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit have lower
credit scores; and
    (B) Providing a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it
grants, extends, or provides credit
whose credit score is lower than the
cutoff score.
    (ii) Alternative to the 40/60 cutoff score
approach. In the case of credit that
has been granted, extended, or provided
on the most favorable material terms
more than 40 percent of consumers,
a person may, at its option, set its cutoff score at a point at which the approximate percentage of consumers
who historically have been granted, extended, or provided credit at material
terms other than the most favorable
terms would receive risk-based pricing
notices under this section.
    (iii) Determining the cutoff score—(A)
Sampling approach. A person that currently uses risk-based pricing with respect to the credit products it offers
must calculate the cutoff score by considering the credit scores of all or a
representative sample of the consumers to whom it has granted, extended, or provided credit for a specific
type of credit product.
    (B) Secondary source approach in limited
circumstances. A person that is a
new entrant into the credit business,
introduces new credit products, or
starts to use risk-based pricing with respect to the credit products it currently offers may initially determine
the cutoff score based on information
derived from appropriate market research or relevant third-party sources
for a specific type of credit product,
such as research or data from companies that develop credit scores. A person that acquires a credit portfolio as a
result of a merger or acquisition may
determine the cutoff score based on information from the party which it acquired, with which it merged, or from
which it acquired the portfolio.
    (C) Recalculation of cutoff scores. A
person using the credit score proxy
method must recalculate its cutoff
score(s) no less than every two years in
the manner described in paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(A) of this section. A person
using the credit score proxy method
may use market research, third-party
data, or information from a party
with which it acquired, with which it
merged, or from which it acquired the
portfolio as permitted by paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(B) of this section generally
must calculate its cutoff score[s] based
on the scores of its own consumers in
the manner described in paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(A) of this section within one
year after it begins using a cutoff score
derived from market research, thirdparty data, or information from a
party which it acquired, with which it
merged, or from which it acquired the
portfolio. If such a person does not
grant, extend, or provide credit to new
consumers during that one-year period
such that it lacks sufficient data with
which to recalculate a cutoff score
based on the credit scores of its own
consumers, the person may continue to
use a cutoff score derived from market
research, third-party data, or information from a party with it acquired,
with which it merged, or from which it
acquired the portfolio as provided in
paragraph (b)(1)(iii)(B) until it obtains
sufficient data on which to base the recalculation. However, the person must
recalculate its cutoff score[s] in the
manner described in paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(A) of this section within two
years, if it has granted, extended, or
provided credit to some new consumers
during that two-year period.

587