§ 610.4                                                                         16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)                                     

the vertical picture height and appear for a minimum of four seconds.
(2) Radio advertisements. All advertisements for free credit reports broadcast on radio shall include the following disclosure in close proximity to the first mention of a free credit report: ‘‘This is not the free credit report provided by federal law.’’
(3) Print advertisements. All advertisements for free credit reports in print shall include the following disclosure in the form specified below and in close proximity to the first mention of a free credit report. The first line of the disclosure shall be centered and contain only the following language: ‘‘THIS NOTICE IS REQUIRED BY LAW.’’ Immediately below the first line of the disclosure the following language shall appear: ‘‘You have the right to a free credit report from AnnualCreditReport.com or 877–322–8228, the ONLY authorized source under federal law.’’ Each letter of the disclosure text shall be, at minimum, one-half the size of the largest character used in the advertisement.
(4) Internet websites. Any website offering free credit reports must display the disclosure set forth in paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(ii), (iii), and (v) of this section on each page that mentions a free credit report, and on each page of the ordering process. This disclosure 
shall be visible across the top of each page where the disclosure is required to appear; shall appear inside a box; and shall appear in the form specified below:
(i) The first element of the disclosure shall be a header that is centered and shall consist of the following text: ‘‘THIS NOTICE IS REQUIRED BY LAW. Read more at FTC.GOV.’’ Each letter of the header shall be one-half the size of the largest character of the disclosure text required by 610.4(b)(4)(ii). The reference to FTC.GOV shall be an operational hyperlink to (www.ftc.gov/freereports), underlined, and in a color that is a high degree of contrast from the color of the other disclosure text and background color of the box;
(ii) The second element of the disclosure shall appear below the header required by paragraph 610.4(b)(4)(i) and shall consist of the following text: ‘‘You have the right to a free credit report from AnnualCreditReport.com or 877–322–8228, the ONLY authorized source under federal law.’’ The reference to AnnualCreditReport.com shall be an operational hyperlink to the centralized source, underlined, and in the same color as the hyperlink to FTC.GOV required in paragraph 610.4(b)(4)(i);
(iii) The color of the text required by paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(i) and (ii) shall be in a high degree of contrast with the background color of the box;
(iv) The background of the box shall be a solid color in a high degree of contrast from the background of the page and the color shall not appear elsewhere on the page;
(v) The third element of the disclosure shall appear below the text required by paragraph 610.4(b)(4)(ii) and shall be an operational hyperlink to AnnualCreditReport.com that appears as a centered button containing the following language: ‘‘Take me to the authorized source’’. The background of this button shall be the same color as the hyperlinks required by paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(i) and (ii) and the text shall be in a high degree of contrast with the background of the button;
(vi) Each character of the text in paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(i) and (v) shall be, at minimum, the same size as the largest character on the page, including characters in an image or graphic banner;
(vii) Each character of the disclosure shall be displayed as plain text in a sans serif font, such as Arial; and
(viii) The space between each element of the disclosure required in paragraphs 610.4(b)(i), (ii), and (v) shall be, at minimum, the same as the largest character on the page, including characters in an image or graphic banner. The space between the boundaries of the box and the text or button required in paragraphs 610.4(b)(i), (ii), and (v) shall be, at minimum, of the same height or the vertical height of the largest character on the page, including characters in an image or graphic banner.
(5) Internet-hosted multi-media advertising. All advertisements for free credit reports disseminated through Internet-hosted multi-media in both audio and visual formats shall include the
                                                                                                   582