Federal Trade Commission                                                                ยง 660.4

       (2) Is furnished in a form and manner that is designed to minimize the likeli- hood that the information may be incor- rectly reflected in a consumer report; and
       (3) Includes the information in the furnisher\'s possession about the ac- count or other relationship that the Commission has:
            (i) Determined that the absence of which would likely be materially mis- leading in evaluating a consumer\'s creditworthiness, credit standing, cred- it capacity, character, general reputa- tion, personal characteristics, or mode of living; and (ii) Listed in section 1(b)(2)(iii) of Appendix A of this part.
    
ยง 660.3 Reasonable policies and proce- dures concerning the accuracy and      integrity of furnished information.
    (a) Policies and procedures. Each fur- nisher must establish and implement reasonable written policies and proce- dures regarding the accuracy and in- tegrity of the information relating to consumers that it furnishes to a con- sumer reporting agency. The policies and procedures must be appropriate to the nature, size, complexity, and scope of each furnisher\'s activities.
    (b) Guidelines. Each furnisher must consider the guidelines in Appendix A of this part in developing its policies and procedures required by this sec- tion, and incorporate those guidelines that are appropriate.
    (c) Reviewing and updating policies and procedures. Each furnisher must review its policies and procedures required by this section periodically and update them as necessary to ensure their con- tinued effectiveness.
    
ยง 660.4 Direct disputes.
    (a) General rule. Except as otherwise provided in this section, a furnisher must conduct a reasonable investiga- tion of a direct dispute if it relates to:
       (1) The consumer\'s liability for a credit account or other debt with the furnisher, such as direct disputes relat- ing to whether there is or has been identity theft or fraud against the con- sumer, whether there is individual or joint liability on an account, or wheth- er the consumer is an authorized user of a credit account;
       (2) The terms of a credit account or other debt with the furnisher, such as direct disputes relating to the type of account, principal balance, scheduled payment amount on an account, or the amount of the credit limit on an open- end account;
       (3) The consumer\'s performance or other conduct concerning an account or other relationship with the fur- nisher, such as direct disputes relating to the current payment status, high balance, date a payment was made, the amount of a payment made, or the date an account was opened or closed; or
       (4) Any other information contained in a consumer report regarding an ac- count or other relationship with the furnisher that bears on the consumer\'s creditworthiness, credit standing, cred- it capacity, character, general reputa- tion, personal characteristics, or mode of living.
    (b) Exceptions. The requirements of paragraph (a) of this section do not apply to a furnisher if:
       (1) The direct dispute relates to:
(i) The consumer\'s identifying infor- mation (other than a direct dispute relating to a consumer\'s liability for a credit account or other debt with the furnisher, as provided in paragraph (a)(1) of this section) such as name(s), date of birth, Social Security number, telephone number(s), or address(es);
(ii) The identity of past or present employers;
(iii) Inquiries or requests for a con- sumer report;
(iv) Information derived from public records, such as judgments, bank- ruptcies, liens, and other legal matters (unless provided by a furnisher with an account or other relationship with the consumer);
(v) Information related to fraud alerts or active duty alerts; or
(vi) Information provided to a con- sumer reporting agency by another fur- nisher; or
       (2) The furnisher has a reasonable be- lief that the direct dispute is submit- ted by, is prepared on behalf of the con- sumer by, or is submitted on a form supplied to the consumer by, a credit repair organization, as defined in 15 U.S.C. 1679a(3), or an entity that would be a credit repair organization, but for 15 U.S.C. 1679a(3)(B)(i).

                                                                                                      601