Federal Trade Commission                                                   Pt. 698, App. A

(2) Long notice. 
         
Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a new smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.


Percent
Rate for

Other ABCs

Variable rate material

 Grace or reports fee

Computing the amount that.

Annual Fee

Usual Piece Finance Charge

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card.

Back in the jot long ago:, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we went out to ... of endedit card.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology.


Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the, last century, we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing. the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the. way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing they' way people do things. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology, was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out, to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart;l kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So's we set out to create a smart kind of credit card, Back in the last[ century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the. last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing changing the way people do things. So we. set out to create a smart kind of end of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing. the way Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing they way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was. changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way, people do things. Back in the last century we saw how technology was changing the way people do things, Back in the last century, we saw. Back in the tech century we saw, how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set, out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit cad.' Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out create a.smaxt kind ol.credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way



insurance and how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we
his Amount is based in information your credit repot
Act there is a smart kind of credit card:.

Back in the last;century. we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back int the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.



PRESENTED AFTER OBLIGATION: This "represented" offer (if credit or insurance) is based on information in your credit report indicating that you meet certain criteria. This offer is not guaranteed if you do not meet our criteria [involving providing acceptable property as collateral,] if you do not furnish. the required collateral, verification of the application information iff our evaluations show that your income, credit worthiness or other conditions), no longer meet out predefined criteria.



Notice to Home Residents: In a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we@ saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of end of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw ho*w technology was changing the way people do things. So we'set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.