Federal Trade Commission                                                                                             Pt. 698, App. G

Duties After Notice of Dispute from Consumer

     If a consumer notifies a furnisher, at an address specified for the furnisher for such 
notice, that specific information is inaccurate, and the information is, in fact, inaccurate, the 
furnisher must thereafter report the correct information to CRAs. Section 623(a)(1)(B).
    
     If a consumer notifies a furnisher that the consumer disputes the completeness or 
accuracy of any information reported by the furnisher, the furnisher may not subsequently report 
that information to a CRA without providing notice of the dispute. Section 623(a)(3).
    
     The federal banking and credit union regulators and the FTC will issue regulations that 
will identify when an information furnisher must investigate a dispute made directly to the 
furnisher by a consumer. Once these regulations are issued, furnishers must comply with them 
and complete an investigation within 30 days (or 45 days, if the consumer later provides relevant 
additional information) unless the dispute is frivolous or irrelevant or comes from a “credit repair 
organization.” The FTC regulations will be available at www.ftc.gov/credit. Section 623(a)(8).

Duties After Notice of Dispute from Consumer Reporting Agency

     If a CRA notifies a furnisher that a consumer disputes the completeness or accuracy of 
information provided by the furnisher, the furnisher has a duty to follow certain procedures. The 
furnisher must:
•     Conduct an investigation and review all relevant information provided by the 
CRA, including information given to the CRA by the consumer. Sections 
623(b)(1)(A) and (b)(1)(B).
•     Report the results to the CRA that referred the dispute, and if, the investigation 
establishes that the information was, in fact, incomplete or inaccurate, report the 
results to all CRAs to which the furnisher provided the information that compile 
and maintain files on a nationwide basis. Sections 623(b)(1)(C) and (b)(1)(D).
•     Complete the above steps within 30 days from the date the CRA received the 
dispute (or 45 days, if the consumer later provides relevant additional information  
to the CRA). Section 623(b)(2).
•     Promptly modify or delete the information, or block its reporting. Section 
623(b)(1)(E)

Duty to Report Voluntary Closing of Credit Accounts

     If a consumer voluntarily closes a credit account, any person who regularly and in the 
ordinary course of business furnishes information to one or more CRAs must report this fact 
when it provides information to CRAs for the time period in which the account was closed. 
Section 623(a)(4).

Duty to Report Dates of Delinquencies

     If a furnisher reports information concerning a delinquent account placed for collection, 
charged to profit or loss, or subject to any similar action, the furnisher must, within 90 days after 
reporting the information, provide the CRA with the month and the year of the commencement 

                                                                                                                                                                  647