§ 680.21 16 CFR Ch. | (1–1–11 Edition)

its products to the creditor’s consumers. Pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(ii) of this section, the insurance company has not made a solicitation to the consumer.
(v) An affiliated group of companies includes a creditor, an insurance company, and a service provider. Each affiliate in the group places information about its consumers into a common database. The service provider has access to all information in the common database. The creditor controls access to and use of its eligibility information by the service provider. This control is set forth in a written agreement between the creditor and the service provider. The written agreement also requires the service provider to establish reasonable policies and procedures designed to ensure that the service provider uses the creditor’s eligibility information in accordance with specific terms and conditions established by the creditor relating to the marketing of the products and services of all affiliates, including the insurance company. In a separate written communication, the creditor specifies the terms and conditions under which the service provider may use the creditor’s eligibility information to market the insurance company’s products and services to the creditor’s consumers. The specific terms and conditions describe a list of affiliated companies (including the insurance company) whose products or services may be marketed to the creditor’s consumers by the service provider; the specific products or types of products that may be marketed to the creditor’s consumers by the service provider; the categories of eligibility information that may be used by the service provider in marketing products or services to the creditor’s consumers; the types or categories of the creditor’s consumers to whom the service provider may market products or services of creditor affiliates; the number and/ or types of marketing communications that the service provider may send to the creditor’s consumers; and the length of time during which the service provider may market the products or services of the creditor’s affiliates to its consumers. The creditor periodically evaluates the service provider’s compliance with these terms and conditions. The insurance company asks the service provider to market insurance products to certain consumers who have loan accounts with the creditor. Without using the creditor’s eligibility information, the insurance company develops selection criteria and provides those criteria, marketing materials, and related instructions to the service provider. The service provider uses the creditor’s eligibility information from the common database to identify the creditor’s consumers to whom insurance products will be marketed. When the insurance company’s marketing materials are provided to the identified consumers, the name of the creditor is displayed on the insurance marketing materials, an introductory letter that accompanies the marketing materials, an account statement that accompanies the marketing materials, and on the envelope that contains the marketing materials. The requirements of paragraph (b)(5) of this section have been satisfied, and the insurance company has not made a solicitation to the consumer.
(vi) The same facts as in the example in paragraph (b)(6)(v) of this section, except that the terms and conditions permit the service provider to use the creditor’s eligibility information to market the products and services of other affiliates to the creditor’s consumers whenever the service provider deems it appropriate to do so. The service provider uses the creditor’s eligibility information in accordance with the discretion af-forded to it by the terms and conditions. Because the terms and conditions are not specific, the requirements of paragraph (b)(5) of this section have not been satisfied. 
(c) Exceptions. The provisions of this part do not apply to you if you use eligibility information that you receive from an affiliate:
(1) To make a solicitation for marketing purposes to a consumer with whom you have a pre-existing business relationship;
(2) To facilitate communications to an individual for whose benefit you provide employee benefit or other services pursuant to a contract with an employer related to and arising out of the current employment relationship or

610