§ 603.1  16 CFR Ch. I (1--1--111 Edition)

§ 603.1 Terms defined in the Fair Cred it Reporting Act.

Any term used in any part in this subchapter, if defined in the Fair Cred it Reporting Act (FCRA) and not other wise defined in that rule, has the same meaning provided by the FCRA.
[69 FR 29063, May 20, 2004]

Editorial Note: At 69 FR 63933, November 3, 2004, part 603 was added to title 16. How ever, part 603 already existed, therefore this amendment could not be incorporated. For the convenience of the user, the added text is set forth as follows:

PART 603--DEFINITIONS

Sec.
603.1 [Reserved]
603.2 Identity theft.
603.3 Identity theft report.

Authority: Pub. L. 108-159, sec 111; 15 U.S.C. 1681a.

§ 603.1 [Reserved]

§ 603.2 Identity theft.

(a) The term "identity theft" means a fraud committed or attempted using the ident ifying information of another person without authority.
(b) The term "identifying information" means any name or number that may be used, alone or in conjunction with any other information, to identify a specific person, including any

(1) Name, social security number, date of birth, official State or government issued driver's license or identification number, alien registration number, government pass port number, employer or taxpayer ident ification number;
(2) Unique biometric data, such as finger print, voice print, retina or iris image, or other unique physical representation;
(3) Unique electronic identification numb er, address, or routing code; or
(4) Telecommunication identifying info rmation or access device (as defined in 18 U.S.C. 1029(e)).

§ 603.3 Identity theft report.

(a) The term "identity theft report" means a report
(1) That alleges identity theft with as much specificity as the consumer can pro vide;
(2) That is a copy of an official, valid re port filed by the consumer with a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency. in cluding the United States Postal Inspection Service, or with a similar agency sublects the person filing the report to criminal penalties re lating to the filing of false information, if, in fact, the information in the report is false; and

(3) That may include additional informa tion or documentation that an information furnisher or consumer reporting agency rea sonably requests for the purpose of deter mining the validity of the alleged identity theft, provided that the information furn isher or consumer reporting agency:

(i) Makes such request not later than fif teen days after the date of receipt of the copy of the report from identified in para graph (a)(1) of this section by the consumer for the particular service whichever shall be the later:
(ii) Makes any supplemental request for information or documentation and final de termination on the acceptance of the iden tity theft report within another fifteen days after its initial request for information or documentation; and
(iii) Shall have five days to make a final determination on the acceptance of the iden tity theft report, in the event that the con sumer reporting agency or information fur nisher requests any additional information or documentation on the eleventh day or later within the fifteen day period set forth in paragraph (a)(31(ii) of this section.

(b) Examples of the specificity referenced in paragraph (a)(3) of this section are pro vided for illustrative purposes as follows:

(1) Specific dates relating to the identity theft such as when the person to whom of ficial information occurred or the when the fraud(s) using the personal information oc curred, and how the consumer discovered or otherwise learned of the theft.
(2) Identification information or any other information about the perpetrator, if known.
(3) Name(s) of information furnishers), ac count numbers, or other relevant account in formation related to the identity theft.
(4) Any other information known to the consumer about the identity theft.

(c) Examples of when it would not would be reasonable to request additional informa tion or documentation referenced in para graph (a)(3) of this section are provided for illustrative purposes only, as follows:

(1) A law enforcement report containing detailed information about the identity theft and the signature, badge number or other identification information of the individual law enforcement official taking the report should be sufficient in most cases to support the victim's request. In this case, without an identifiable concern, such as an indication that the report was fraudulent, it would not be reasonable for an information furnisher or consumer reporting agency to request ad ditional information or documentation. 
(2) A consumer might provide a law en forcement report similar to the report in paragraph (a)(1) of this section but certain slots