Federal Trade Commission                    Pt. 698, app. H

                            - For the underwriting of insurance as a result of an application from a consumer.
                              Section 604(a)(3)(C)

                            - When there is a legitimate business need, in connection wit a business 
                              transaction that is initiated by the consumer. Section 604(a)(3)(F)(i)

                            - To review a consumer's account to determine whether the consumer continues to
                              meet the terms of the account. Section 604(a)(3)(F)(ii)

                            - To determine a consumere's eligibility for a license or other benefit granted by a
                              governmental instrumentality required by law to consider an applicant's financial
                              responsibility or status. Section 604(a)(3)(D)

                            - For use by a potential investor or servicer, or current insurer, in a valuation or
                              assessment of the credit or prepayment risks associated with an existing credit
                              obligation. Section 604(a)(3)(E)

                            - For use by state and local officials in connection with the determination of child
                              support payments, or modifications and enforcement thereof. Sections 604(a)(4)
                              and 604(a)(5)   

In addition, creditors and insurers may obtain certain consumer report information for the
purpose of making "prescreened" unsolicited offers of credit or insurance. Section 604(c). The
particular obligations of users of "prescreened" information are described in Section VII below.

               B. Users Must Provide Certifications
   
               Section 604(f) prohibits any person from obtaining a consumer report from a consumer
               reporting agency (CRA) unless the person has certified to the CRA the permissible purpose(s) for
               which the report is being obtained and certifies that the report will not be used for any other
               purpose.

               C. Users Must Notify Consumers When Adverse Actions Are Taken

               The term "adverse actions" is defined very broadly by Section 603. "Adverse actions"
               include all business, credit, and employment actions affecting consumers that can be considered 
               to have a negative impact as defined by Section 603(k) of the FCRA - such as denying or
               canceling credit or insurance, or denying employment or promotion. No adverse action occurs in 
               a credit transaction where the creditor makes a counteroffer that is accepted by the consumer.

                                                                                                                             651