§ 680.25 Reasonable and simple methods of opting out.

(a) In general. You must not use eligibility information about a consumer that you receive from an affiliate to make a solicitation to the consumer about your products or services, unless the consumer is provided a reasonable and simple method to opt out, as required by § 680.21(a)(1)(ii) of this part.

(b) Examples—(1) Reasonable and simple opt-out methods. Reasonable and simple methods for exercising the optout right include— 
(i) Designating a check-off box in a prominent position on the opt-out form;
(ii) Including a reply form and a selfaddressed envelope together with the opt-out notice;
(iii) Providing an electronic means to opt out, such as a form that can be electronically mailed or processed at an Internet Web site, if the consumer agrees to the electronic delivery of information;
(iv) Providing a toll-free telephone number that consumers may call to opt out; or
(v) Allowing consumers to exercise all of their opt-out rights described in a consolidated opt-out notice that includes the privacy opt-out under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq., the affiliate sharing opt-out under the Act, and the affiliate marketing opt-out under the Act, by a single method, such as by calling a single toll-free telephone number.
(2) Opt-out methods that are not reasonable and simple. Reasonable and simple methods for exercising an opt-out right do not include— 
(i) Requiring the consumer to write his or her own letter;
(ii) Requiring the consumer to call or write to obtain a form for opting out, rather than including the form with the opt-out notice; or
(iii) Requiring the consumer who receives the opt-out notice in electronic 

form only, such as through posting at an Internet Web site, to opt out solely by paper mail or by visiting a different Web site without providing a link to that site.
(c) Specific opt-out means. Each consumer may be required to opt out through a specific means, as long as that means is reasonable and simple for that consumer.

§ 680.26 Delivery of opt-out notices. 
(a) In general. The opt-out notice must be provided so that each consumer can reasonably be expected to receive actual notice. For opt-out notices provided electronically, the notice may be provided in compliance with either the electronic disclosure provisions in this part or the provisions in section 101 of the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, 15 U.S.C. 7001 et seq.
(b) Examples of reasonable expectation of actual notice. A consumer may reasonably be expected to receive actual notice if the affiliate providing the notice:
(1) Hand-delivers a printed copy of the notice to the consumer;
(2) Mails a printed copy of the notice to the last known mailing address of the consumer;
(3) Provides notice by e-mail to a consumer who has agreed to receive electronic disclosures by e-mail from the affiliate providing the notice; or
(4) Posts the notice on the Internet Web site at which the consumer obtained a product or service electronically and requires the consumer to acknowledge receipt of the notice.
(c) Examples of no reasonable expectation of actual notice. A consumer may not reasonably be expected to receive actual notice if the affiliate providing the notice:
(1) Only posts the notice on a sign in a branch or office or generally publishes the notice in a newspaper;
(2) Sends the notice via e-mail to a consumer who has not agreed to receive electronic disclosures by e-mail from the affiliate providing the notice; or
(3) Posts the notice on an Internet Web site without requiring the consumer to acknowledge receipt of the notice.

616