Federal Trade Commission        § 681.2

brokers, utility companies, and tele- communications companies.
(6) Customer means a person that has a covered account with a financial in- stitution or creditor.
(7) Financial institution has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(t).
(8) Identity theft has the same mean- ing as in 16 CFR 603.2(a).
(9) Red Flag means a pattern, prac- tice, or specific activity that indicates the possible existence of identity theft.
(10) Service provider means a person that provides a service directly to the financial institution or creditor.
(c) Periodic Identification of Covered Accounts. Each financial institution or creditor must periodically determine whether it offers or maintains covered accounts. As a part of this determina- tion, a financial institution or creditor must conduct a risk assessment to de- termine whether it offers or maintains covered accounts described in para- graph (b)(3)(ii) of this section, taking into consideration:
(1) The methods it provides to open its accounts;
(2) The methods it provides to access its accounts; and
(3) Its previous experiences with iden- tity theft.
(d) Establishment of an Identity Theft Prevention Program—(1) Program require- ment. Each financial institution or creditor that offers or maintains one or more covered accounts must develop and implement a written Identity Theft Prevention Program (Program) that is designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of a covered account or any existing covered account. The Program must be appropriate to the size and complexity of the financial in- stitution or creditor and the nature and scope of its activities.
(2) Elements of the Program. The Pro- gram must include reasonable policies and procedures to:
(i) Identify relevant Red Flags for the covered accounts that the financial in- stitution or creditor offers or main- tains, and incorporate those Red Flags into its Program;
(ii) Detect Red Flags that have been incorporated into the Program of the financial institution or creditor;
(iii) Respond appropriately to any Red Flags that are detected pursuant to paragraph (d)(2)(ii) of this section to prevent and mitigate identity theft; and
(iv) Ensure the Program (including the Red Flags determined to be rel- evant) is updated periodically, to re- flect changes in risks to customers and to the safety and soundness of the fi- nancial institution or creditor from identity theft.
(e) Administration of the Program. Each financial institution or creditor that is required to implement a Pro- gram must provide for the continued administration of the Program and must:
(1) Obtain approval of the initial written Program from either its board of directors or an appropriate com- mittee of the board of directors;
(2) Involve the board of directors, an appropriate committee of the board, or a designated employee at the level of senior management in the oversight, development, implementation and ad- ministration of the Program;
(3) Train staff, as necessary, to effec- tively implement the Program; and 
(4) Exercise appropriate and effective oversight of service provider arrange- ments.
(f) Guidelines. Each financial institu-tion or creditor that is required to imple-ment a Program must consider the guidelines in appendix A of this part and include in its Program those guide- lines that are appropriate.
[74 FR 22645, May 14, 2009]


§ 681.2 Duties of card issuers regard-ing changes of address.
(a) Scope. This section applies to a person described in § 681.1(a) that issues a debit or credit card (card issuer).
(b) Definitions. For purposes of this section:
(1) Cardholder means a consumer who has been issued a credit or debit card.
(2) Clear and conspicuous means rea- sonably understandable and designed to call attention to the nature and sig- nificance of the information presented.
(c) Address validation requirements. A card issuer must establish and imple- ment reasonable policies and proce- dures to assess the validity of a change of address if it receives notification of