§ 640.5                                                 16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

two or more credit scores from consumer reporting agencies and uses multiple credit scores in setting the material terms of credit granted, extended, or otherwise provided to a consumer, for example, by computing the average of all the credit scores obtained, the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section must include one of those credit scores and the other information required by that paragraph. The notice may, at the person’s option, include more than one credit score, along with the additional information specified in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section for each credit score disclosed.
(ii) Examples. (A) A person that uses consumer reports to set the material terms of mortgage credit granted, extended, or provided to consumers regularly requests credit scores from several consumer reporting agencies and uses the low score when determining the material terms it will offer to the consumer. That person must disclose the low score in the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section.
(B) A person that uses consumer reports to set the material terms of mortgage credit granted, extended, or provided to consumers regularly requests credit scores from several consumer reporting agencies, each of which it uses in an underwriting program in order to determine the material terms it will offer to the consumer. That person may choose one of these scores to include in the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section consolidated with the notice required by section 609(g) of the FCRA is contained in 16 CFR Part 698, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B–3 is deemed to comply with the requirements of §640.5(d). Use of the model form is optional.
(e) Other extensions of credit—credit score disclosure—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if:
(i) The consumer requests from the person an extension of credit other than credit that is or will be secured by one to four units of residential real property; and
(ii) The person provides to each consumer described in paragraph (e)(1)(i) of this section a notice that contains the following—
(A) A statement that a consumer report (or credit report) is a record of the consumer’s credit history and includes information about whether the consumer pays his or her obligations on time and how much the consumer owes to creditors;
(B) A statement that a credit score is a number that takes into account information in a consumer report and that a credit score can change over time to reflect changes in the consumer’s credit history;
(C) A statement that the consumer’s credit score can affect whether the consumer can obtain credit and what the cost of that credit will be;
(D) The current credit score of the consumer or the most recent credit score of the consumer that was previously calculated by the consumer reporting agency or by a person that provided the credit score;
(E) The range of possible credit scores under the model used to generate the credit score;
(F) The distribution of credit scores among consumers who are scored under the same scoring model that is used to generate the consumer’s credit score using the same scale as that of the credit score that is provided to the consumer, presented in the form of a bar graph containing a minimum of six bars that illustrates the percentage of consumers with credit scores within the range of scores reflected in each bar, or by other clear and readily understandable graphical means, or a clear and readily understandable statement informing the consumer how his or her credit score compares to the scores of other consumers. Use of a graph or statement obtained from the person providing the credit score that meets the requirements of this paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F) is deemed to comply with this requirement;
(G) The date on which the credit score was created;
(H) The name of the consumer reporting agency or other person that provided the credit score;
(I) A statement that the consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of

                                                                                                                                    594