Pt. 600, App.                                                                                                                                                                   16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

E. Attorney. An attorney collecting a debt for a creditor client, including a party suing on a debt or collecting on behalf of a judgment creditor or lien creditor, has a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on the debtor to the same extent as the client.

Section 604—General

1. Furnishing of Consumer Reports to Other Consumer Reporting Agencies

A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report to another consumer reporting agency for it to furnish pursuant to a subscriber’s request. In these circumstances, one consumer reporting agency is acting on behalf of another.

2. Consumer’s Permission not Needed

When permissible purposes exist, parties may obtain, and consumer reporting agencies may furnish, consumer reports without the consumers’ permission or over their objection. Similarly, parties may furnish information concerning their transactions with consumers to consumer reporting agencies and others, and consumer reporting agencies may gather information, without consumers’ permission.

3. User’s Disclosure of Report to Subject

The FCRA does not prohibit a consumer report user from giving a copy of the report, or otherwise disclosing it, to the consumer who is the subject of the report.

Section 605—Obsolete Information

‘‘(a) Except as authorized under subsection (b), no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information: * * *

(b) The provisions of subsection (a) are not applicable in the case of any consumer credit report to be used in connection with—

(1) a credit transaction involving, or which may reasonably be expected to involve, a principal amount of $50,000 or more;
(2) the underwriting of life insurance involving, or which may reasonably be expected to involve, a face amount of $50,000 or more; or
(3) the employment of any individual at an annual salary which equals, or which may reasonably be expected to equal $20,000, or more.’’

1. General

Section 605(a) provides that most adverse information more than seven years old may not be reported, except in certain circumstances set out in section 605(b). With respect to delinquent accounts, accounts placed for collection, and accounts charged to profit and loss, there are many dates that could be deemed to commence seven year reporting periods. The discussion in subsections (a)(2), (a)(4), and (a)(6) is intended to set forth a clear, workable rule that effectuates Congressional intent.

2. Favorable Information

The Act imposes no time restriction on reporting of information that is not adverse.

3. Retention of Information in Files

Consumer reporting agencies may retain obsolete adverse information and furnish it in reports for purposes that are exempt under subsection (b) (e.g., credit for a principal amount of $50,000 or more).

4. Use of Shorter Periods

The section does not require consumer reporting agencies to report adverse information for the time periods set forth, but only prohibits them from reporting adverse items beyond those time periods.

5. Inapplicability to Users

The section does not limit creditors or others from using adverse information that would be ‘‘obsolete’’ under its terms, because it applies only to reporting by consumer reporting agencies. Similarly, this section does not bar a creditor’s reporting such obsolete information concerning its transactions or experiences with a consumer, because the report would not constitute a consumer report.

6. Indicating the Existence of Nonspecified, Adverse Information

A consumer reporting agency may not furnish a consumer report indicating the existence of obsolete adverse information, even if no specific item is reported. For example, a consumer reporting agency may not communicate the existence of a debt older than seven years by reporting that a credit grantor cannot locate a debtor whose debt was charged off ten years ago.

7. Operative Dates

The times or dates set forth in this section, which relate to the occurrence of events involving adverse information, determine whether the item is obsolete. The date that the consumer reporting agency acquired the adverse information is irrelevant to how long that information may be reported.
Section 605(a)(1)—Cases under title 11 of the United States Code or under the Bankruptcy Act state, ‘‘From the date of entry of the order for relief or the date of adjudication, as the case may be, that date may be more than 10 years.’’

1. Relation to Other Subsections

The reporting of suits and judgments is governed by subsection (a)(2). The reporting of accounts placed for collection or charged to profit and loss is governed by subsection

                                                                                                                      558