Federal Trade Commission

Pt. 698, App. B

B-5. Model form for loans where credit score is not available

[Name of Entity Providing the Notice]
Credit Scores and the Price You Pay for Credit

Your Credit Score

Your credit score

Your credit score is not available from [Insert name of CRA], which is a consumer reporting agency, because they may not have enough information about your credit history to calculate a score.

What you should know about credit scores

A credit score is a number that reflects the information in a credit report.

A credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors.

A credit score can change, depending on how a consumer's credit history changes.

Why credit scores are important

Credit scores are important because consumers who have higher credit scores generally will get more favorable credit terms.

Not having a credit score can affect whether you can get a loan and how much you will have to pay for that loan.

Checking Your Credit Report

What if there are mistakes in your credit report?

You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency.

It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.

How can you obtain a copy of your credit report?

Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year.

To order your free annual credit report—

By telephone: Call toll-free: 1-877-322-8228

On the web: Visit www.annualcreditreport.com

By mail: Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission's web site at http://www.ftc.gov/ bcp/conline/include/requestformfinal.pdf) to:

Annual Credit Report Request Service
P.O. Box 105281
Atlanta, GA 30348-5281

How can you get more information?

For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Federal Reserve Board's web site at www.federalreserve.gov, or the Federal Trade Commission's web site at www.ftc.gov.
