§ 640.4

in part on a consumer report. Unless an exception applies under $640.5, the card issuer may satisfy its obligations under paragraph (a) of this section by pro- viding a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer because the consumer re- ceived credit at a purchase annual per- centage rate greater than the lowest purchase annual percentage rate avail- able under that solicitation.

(ii) The same facts as in the example in paragraph (c)(3)(i) of this section, except that the card issuer provides a credit card to the consumer at a pur- chase annual percentage rate of 10 per- cent. The card issuer is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer even if, under a different credit card solicitation, that consumer or other consumers might qualify for a purchase annual percentage rate of 8 percent.

(d) Account review—(1) In general. Except as otherwise provided in this part, a person is subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section and must provide a risk-based pricing no- tice to a consumer in the form and manner required by this part if the per- son—

(i) Uses a consumer report in connec- tion with a review of credit that has been extended to the consumer; and

(ii) Based in whole or in part on the consumer report, increases the annual percentage rate (the annual percentage rate referenced in §640.2(n)(1)(i)) in the case of a credit card).

(2) Example. A credit card issuer peri- odically obtains consumer reports for the purpose of reviewing the terms of of credit it has extended to consumers in connection with credit cards. As a re- sult of this review, the credit card issuer increases the purchase annual percentage rate applicable to a con- sumers credit card based in whole or in part on information in a consumer report. The credit card issuer is subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section and must provide a risk- based pricing notice to the consumer.

$640.4  Content, form, and timing of risk-based pricing notices

(a) Content of the notice—(1) In gen- eral. The risk-based pricing notice re- quired by §640.3(a) or (c) must include:

(i) A statement that a consumer re- port (or credit report) includes infor- mation about the consumer's credit history and the type of information in- cluded in that history;

(ii) A statement that the terms of- fered, such as the annual percentage rate, have been set based on informa- tion from a consumer report;

(iii) A statement that the terms of- fered may be less favorable than the terms offered to consumers with better credit histories;

(iv) A statement that the consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the con- sumer report and has the right to dis- pute any inaccurate information in the report;

(v) The identity of the consumer re- porting agency that furnished a con- sumer report used in the credit deci- sion;

(vi) A statement that federal law gives the consumer the right to obtain a copy of a consumer report from the consumer reporting agency or agencies identified in the notice without charge for 60 days after receipt of the notice;

(vii) A statement informing the con- sumer how to obtain a consumer report from the consumer reporting agency or agencies identified in the notice and provide contact information (includ- ing a toll-free telephone number, where applicable) specified by the consumer reporting agency or agencies; and

(viii) A statement directing con- sumers to the Web sites of the Board and Federal Trade Commission to ob- tain more information about consumer reports.

(2) Account review. The risk-based pricing notice required by §640.3(d) must include:

(i) A statement that a consumer re- port (or credit report) includes infor- mation about the consumer's credit history and the type of information in- cluded in that credit history;

(ii) A statement that the person has conducted a review of the account using information from a consumer re- port;

(iii) A statement that as a result of the review, the annual percentage rate on the account has been increased based on information from a consumer report; 590