Federal Trade Commission                               Pt. 641

with a consumer is not subject to the requirements of this part and is not required to provide the risk-based pricing notice described in §640.3(a) or (c), or satisfy the requirements for and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions in §640.5(d), (e), or (f).

(3) Examples. (i) A consumer obtains credit to finance the purchase of an automobile. If the auto dealer is the person to whom the loan obligation is initially payable, such as where the auto dealer is the original creditor under a retail installment sales contract, the auto dealer must provide the risk-based pricing notice to the consumer (or satisfy the requirements and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions noted above), even if the auto dealer immediately assigns the loan to a bank or finance company. The bank or finance company, which has an assignee, has no duty to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer. 
(ii) A consumer obtains credit to finance the purchase of an automobile. If a bank or finance company is the person to whom the loan obligation is initially payable, the bank or finance company must provide the risk-based pricing notice to the consumer (or satisfy the requirements for and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions noted above) based on the terms offered by that bank or finance company only. The auto dealer has no duty to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer. However, the bank or finance company may comply with this rule if the auto dealer has agreed to provide notices to consumers before consummation pursuant to an arrangement with the bank or finance company, as permitted under §640.4(c). 
(c) Multiple consumers—(1) Risk-based pricing notices. In a transaction involving two or more consumers who are granted, extended, or otherwise provided credit, a person must provide a notice to each consumer to satisfy the requirements of §640.3(a) or (c). If the consumers have the same address, a person may satisfy the requirements by providing a single notice addressed to both consumers. If the consumers do not have the same address, a person must provide a notice to each consumer.
(2) Credit score disclosure notices. In a transaction involving two or more consumers who are granted, extended, or otherwise provided credit, a person must provide a separate notice to each consumer to satisfy the exceptions in §640.5(d), (e), or (f). Whether the consumers have the same address or not, the person must provide a separate notice to each consumer. Each separate notice must contain only the credit score(s) of the consumer to whom the notice is provided, and not the credit score(s) of the other consumer.

(3) Examples. (i) Two consumers jointly apply for credit with a creditor. The creditor grants credit to the consumers on material terms that are materially less favorable than the most favorable terms available to other consumers from the creditor. The two consumers reside at different addresses. The creditor provides risk-based pricing notices to satisfy its obligations under this part. The creditor must provide a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer at the address where each consumer resides.
(ii) Two consumers jointly apply for credit with a creditor. The two consumers reside at the same address. The creditor obtains credit scores on each of the two consumer applicants. The creditor grants credit to the consumers. The creditor provides credit score disclosure notices to satisfy its obligations under this part. Even though the two consumers reside at the same address, the creditor must provide a separate credit score disclosure notice to each of the consumers. Each notice must contain only the credit score of the consumer to whom the notice is provided.

PART 641—DUTIES OF USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS REGARDING ADDRESS DISCREPANCIES

AUTHORITY: Public Law 108–159, sec. 315; 15 U.S.C. 1681c(h).

SOURCE: 74 FR 22694, May 14, 2009, unless otherwise noted.

597