Federal Trade Commission                                                    § 640.3

of this section by providing a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer who is not placed within the top pricing tier or tiers, as described below.
       (ii) Four or fewer pricing tiers. If a person using the tiered pricing method has four or fewer pricing tiers, the person complies with the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section by providing a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit who does not qualify for the top tier (that is, the lowest-priced tier). For example, if a person that uses a tiered pricing structure with annual percentage rates of 8, 10, 12, and 14 percent would provide the risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit at annual percentage rates of 10, 12, and 14 percent.
       (iii) Five or more pricing tiers. If a per- son that uses the tiered pricing method has five or more pricing tiers, the person complies with the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section by pro- viding a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit who does not qualify for the top two tiers (that is, the two lowest-priced tiers) and at least one other tier that, together with the top two tiers, comprise no less than the top 30 percent but no more than the top 40 percent of the total number of tiers. Each consumer placed within the re- maining tiers must receive a risk-based pricing notice. For example, if a person has nine pricing tiers, the top three tiers (that is, the three lowest-priced tiers) comprise no less than the top 30 percent but no more than the top 40 per- cent of the tiers. Therefore, a person using this method would provide a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit who is placed within the bottom six tiers.
   (c) Application to credit card issuers—
        (1) In general. A credit card issuer subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section may use one of the methods set forth in paragraph (b) of this section to identify consumers to whom it must provide a risk-based pricing notice. Alternatively, a credit card issuer may satisfy its obligations under paragraph (a) of this section by providing a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer when—
             (i) A consumer applies for a credit card either in connection with an ap- plication program, such as a direct- mail offer or a take-one application, or in response to a solicitation under 12 CFR 226.5a, and more than a single possible purchase annual percentage rate may apply under the program or soli- citation; and 
             (ii) Based in whole or in part on a consumer report, the credit card issuer provides a credit card to the consumer with an annual percentage rate ref- erenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) that is greater than the lowest annual percentage rate referenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) avail- able in connection with the application or solicitation.
        (2) No requirement to compare different offers. A credit card issuer is not subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section and is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer if—
             (i) The consumer applies for a credit card for which the card issuer provides a single annual percentage rate ref- erenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii), excluding a temporary initial rate, that is lower than the rate that will apply after the temporary rate expires and the only rate that will apply upon the occurrence of one or more specific events, such as a late payment or an extension of credit that exceeds the credit limit; or 
             (ii) The credit card issuer offers the consumer the lowest annual percentage rate referenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) avail- able under the credit card offer for which the consumer applied, even if a lower annual percentage rate ref- erenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) is available under a different credit card offer issued by the card issuer.
        (3) Examples. (i) A credit card issuer sends a solicitation to the consumer that discloses several possible purchase annual percentage rates that may apply, such as 10, 12, or 14 percent, or a range of purchase annual percentage rates from 10 to 14 percent. The con- sumer applies for the credit card in re- sponse to the solicitation. The card issuer provides a credit card to the con- sumer with a purchase annual percent- age rate of 12 percent based in whole or

                                                                                                589