Federal Trade Commission
Pt. 600, App.
interviews with sources such as neighbors,
friends, or associates. The notice may in-
clude any additional, accurate information
about the report, such as the types of inter-
views that will be conducted. The notice
must include a statement informing the con-
sumer of the right to request complete and
accurate disclosure of the nature and scope of
the investigation
7. Content of Disclosure of Report
When the consumer requests disclosure of
the "nature and scope'' of the investigation,
such disclosure must include a complete and
accurate description of the types of ques-
tions asked, the number and types of persons
interviewed, and the name and address of the
investigating agency. The user need not dis-
close the names of sources of information,
nor must it provide the consumer with a
copy of the report. A report user that pro-
vides the consumer with a blank copy of the
standardized form used to transmit the re-
port from the agency to the user complies
with the requirement that it disclose the
"nature'' of the investigation.
date of the last regularly scheduled pay-
ment), to be sure of complying with the stat-
ute
B. Retention of obsolete information for re-
porting in excepted circumstances. If a con-
sumer reporting agency retains adverse in-
formation in its files that is ''obsolete'' under
section 605(a) (e.g., information about a sat-
isfied judgment that is for more than seven
years old), so that it may be reported for use
in transactions described by section 605(b)
(i.e., applications for credit or life insurance
for $50,000 or more, or employment at an an-
nual salary of $20,000 or more), it must have
procedural safeguards to avoid reporting the
information except in those situations. The
procedure should require that such obsolete
information be released only after an inter-
nal decision that its release will not violate
section 605.
2. Procedures To Avoid Reporting for
Impermissible Purposes
A. Verification. A consumer reporting agen-
cy should have a system in place to verify that it is
dealing with a prospective user that has a
"permissible purpose'' for the information re-
quested. What constitutes adequate
Section 607 Compliance Procedures verification will vary with the circumstances. If the consumer reporting agen-
"(a) Every consumer reporting agency shall cy is not familiar with the user, appropriate
maintain reasonable procedures designed to procedures might require an on-site visit to
avoid violations of section 605 and to limit the user's place of business, or a check of the
the furnishing of consumer reports to the user's references.
purposes listed under section 604. These pro-
cedures shall require that prospective users B. Repeated certification by user. A consumer
of the information identify themselves, certi- reporting agency should adopt procedures en-
fy the purposes for which the information threading prospective report users to identi-
is sought, and certify that the information with the purposes for
will be used for no other purpose. Every con which they themselves, certify the commingoetus
sumer reporting agency shall make a reason-that the information will be used only for
able effort to verify the identity of a new that purpose. A consumer reporting agency
prospective user and the uses certified by should determine initially that a user has
such prospective user prior to furnishing uses permissible purposes and ascertain what
such user a consumer report. No consumer those purposes are. It should obtain a spe-
reporting agency may furnish a consumer Wic, written certification that the user
report to any person if it has reasonable will obtain reports for those purposes and no
grounds for believing that the consumer re-others. The user's certification that the re-
port will not be used for a purpose listed in port will be used for no other purposes
Section 604. should expressly prohibit the user from sha
(b) Whenever a consumer reporting agency ring the report or providing it to anyone else,
prepares a consumer report it shall follow other than the subject of the report or ano
reasonable procedures to assure maximum other user having the same purpose. A con-
possible accuracy of the information con- sumer reporting agency should refuse to pro-
cerning the individual about whom the re- vide reports to those refusing to provide such
port relates.'' certification.
1. Procedures To Avoid Reporting Obsolete C. Blanket or individual certifications. Once
Information the consumer reporting agency obtains a certifi-
A. General. A consumer reporting agency cation from a user (e.g., a creditor that
should establish procedures with its sources typically has a permissible purpose for re-
to assure information about the actual be- ceiving a consumer report, stating that it
ports of reporting obsolete information. For will use those reports only for specified per-
example, the agency should either require a missible purposes (e.g., for credit or employ-
creditor to supply the date an account was ment purposes), a certification or purpose
placed for collection or charged off, or the need not be furnished for each individual re-
agency should use a conservative date for port obtained, provided there is no reason to
such placement or charge off (such as the believe the user may be violating its certifi-
cateion. However, in furnishing reports to

561