Pt. 698, App. H
                         16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

All users subject to the Federal Trade Commission’s jurisdiction must comply with all 
applicable regulations, including regulations promulgated after this notice was 
prescribed in 2004. Information about applicable regulations currently in effect can be 
found at the Commission’s Web site, www.ftc.gov/credit. Persons not subject to the 
Commission’s jurisdiction should consult with their regulators to find any relevant 
regulations.

                        NOTICE TO USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS:
                            OBLIGATIONS OF USERS UNDER THE FCRA

The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA),15 U.S.C. 1681-1681y, requires that this notice be provided to inform users of consumer reports of their legal obligations. State law may impose additional requirements. The text of the FCRA is set forth in full at the Federal Trade Commission’s Website at www.ftc.gov/credit. At the end of this document is a list of United States Code citations for the FCRA. Other information about user duties is also available at the Commission’s Web site. Users must consult the relevant provisions of the FCRA for details about their obligations under the FCRA.

The first section of this summary sets forth the responsibilities imposed by the FCRA on all users of consumer reports. The subsequent sections discuss the duties of users of reports that contain specific types of information, or that are used for certain purposes, and the legal consequences of violations. If you are a furnisher of information to a consumer reporting agency (CRA), you have additional obligations and will receive a separate notice from the CRA describing your duties as a furnisher.

1. OBLIGATIONS OF ALL USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS

  A. Users Must Have a Permissible Purpose

Congress has limited the use of consumer reports to protect consumers' privacy. All users must have a permissible purpose under the FCRA to obtain a consumer report. Section 604 contains a list of the permissible purposes under the law. These are:

•	As ordered by a court or a federal grand jury subpoena. Section 604(a)(1)
•	As instructed by the consumer in writing. Section 604(a)(2)
•	For the extension of credit as a result of an application from a consumer, or the 
   review or collection of a consumer’s account. Section 604(a)(3)(A)
•	For employment purposes, including hiring and promotion decisions, where the 
   consumer has given written permission. Sections 604(a)(3)(B) and 604(b)

650