Pt. 698, App. A

16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

APPENDIX A TO PART 698--MODEL PRESCREEN OPT-OUT NOTICES
In order to comply with part 642 of this title, the following model noties may be used:
(a) English language model notice--(1) Short notice.

Here's a Line About Credit

Dear Ms. Name,

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century. we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way the way people do things.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set to to create a smart kind of credit a smart kind of credit card.

So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card.

We saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology.

Sincerely,

John W. Doe
President, Credit Card Company

You can choose to stop receiving "prescreened" offers of [credit or insurance] from this and other companies by calling toll-free [toll-free number]. See PRESCREEN & OPT-OUT NOTICE on other side [or other location] for more information about prescreened offers.