Federal Trade Commission                                                                                                                  Pt. 600, App.

reporting agencies making disclosure to consumers pursuant to section 609 are not required to disclose “sources of information acquired solely for use in preparing an investigative consumer report and actually used for no other purpose.”

2. General

An “investigative consumer report” is a type of “consumer report” that contains information that is both related to a subject’s character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living and obtained by personal interviews with the subject’s neighbors, friends, associates or others.

3. Types of Sources Interviewed

A report consisting of information from any third party concerning the subject’s character (reputation, etc.) may be an investigative consumer report because the phrase “obtained through personal interviews * * * with others” includes any source that is a third party interviewee. A report containing interview information obtained solely from the subject is not an “investigative consumer report.”

4. Telephone Interviews

A consumer report that contains information on a consumer’s “character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living” obtained through telephone interviews with third parties is an “investigative consumer report,” because “personal interviews” include interviews conducted by telephone as well as in person.

5. Identity of Interviewer

A consumer report is an “investigative consumer report” if personal interviews are used to obtain information reported on a consumer’s “character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living,” regardless of who conducted the interview.

6. Noninvestigative Information in “Investigative Consumer Reports”

An “investigative consumer report” may also contain noninvestigative information, because the definition includes reports, a “portion” of which are investigative reports.

7. Exclusions From “Investigative Consumer Reports”

A report that consists solely of information gathered from observation by one who drives by the consumer’s residence is not an “investigative consumer report,” because it contains no information from “personal interviews.”

Section 603(f) defines “consumer reporting agency” as “any person which, for monetary fees, dues, or on a cooperative nonprofit basis, regularly engages in whole or in part in the practice of assembling or evaluating consumer credit information or other information on consumers for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports to third parties, and which uses any means or facility of interstate commerce for the purpose of preparing or furnishing consumer reports.”

1. Relation to Other Sections

a. Duties imposed on “consumer reporting agencies.” The Act imposes a number of duties to on “consumer reporting agencies.” They must have permissible purposes to furnish consumer reports (section 604), avoid furnishing obsolete adverse information 605, 607(a)), section consumer reports adopt reasonable procedures to assure privacy section 604, 607(a)), and accuracy (section (section 607(d)) of consumer reports, provide only limited disclosures to governmental agencies (section 608), provide consumers certain disclosures upon request (sections 609 and 610 at no cost or for a reasonable charge (section 612), follow certain procedures if a consumer disputes interna- item of information contained in his file (section 611), and follow certain procedures for removing public record information for employment purposes or when reporting adverse information other than public record information in investigative consumer reports (sections 613, 614).

b. Relation to “consumer reports.” The term consumer reporting agency, as defined in section 603(f), includes certain persons who assemble or evaluate information on individuals “for the purpose of furnishing “consumer reports” to third parties. Conversely, section 603(d) defines the term consumer report to mean the “communication of information by a “consumer reporting agency.” In other words, the terms “consumer report” in section 603(d) and “consumer reporting agency” as defined in section 603(f) are dependent by a mutually dependent manner and must therefore construed together. For example, a party is not a “consumer reporting agency” if it provides only information that is excepted from the definition of “consumer report” under section 603(d), and such reports limited to the party’s own transactions or experiences with a consumer, or credit information on organizations.

2. Isolated Reports                                                                                                                               

Parties that do not “regularly” engage in assembling or evaluating information for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports to third parties are not consumer reporting agencies. For example, a creditor that furnished information on a consumer to a governmental entity in connection with one of its investigations, would not “regularly” be making such disclosure for a fee or on a cooperative nonprofit basis, and therefore

551