Federal Trade Commission                                             Pt. 698, App. H

company by contacting the company.

IV. OBLIGATIONS WHEN INVESTIGATIVE CONSUMER REPORTS ARE USED

    Investigative consumer reports are a special type of consumer report in which information
about a consumer's character, general reputation, personal characteristics, and mode of living is
obtained through personal interviews by an entity or person that is a consumer reporting agency.
Consumers who are the subjects of such reports are given special rights under the FCRA. If a
user intends to obtain an investigative consumer report, Section 606 requires the following:
    
    * The user must disclose to the consumer that an investigative consumer report may
    be obtained. This must be done in a written disclosure that is mailed, or otherwise
    delivered, to the consumer at some time before or no later than three days after
    the date on which the report was first requested. The disclosure must include a
    statement informing the consumer of his or her right to request additional
    disclosures of the nature and scope of the investigation as described below, and
    the summary of consumer rights required by Section 609 of the FCRA. (The
    summary of consumer rights will be provided by the CRA that conducts the
    investigation.)
    
    * The user must certify to the CRA that the disclosures set forth above have been
    made and that the user will make the disclosure described below.
    
    * Upon the written request of a consumer made within a reasonable period of time
    after the disclosures required above, the user must make a complete disclosure of
    the nature and scope of the investigation. This must be made in a written
    statement that is mailed, or otherwise delivered, to the consumer no later than five
    days after the date on which the request was received from the consumer or the
    report was first requested, whichever is later in time.
    
V. SPECIAL PROCEDURES FOR EMPLOYEE INVESTIGATIONS

    Section 603(x) provides special procedures for investigations of suspected misconduct by
an employee or for compliance with Federal, state or local laws and regulations or the rules of a
self-regulatory organization, and compliance with written policies of the employer. These
investigations are not treated as consumer reports so long as the employer or its agent complies
with the procedures set forth in Section 603(x), and a summary describing the nature and scope
of the inquiry is made to the employee if an adverse action is taken based on the investigation.

VI. OBLIGATIONS OF USERS OF MEDICAL INFORMATION

    Section 604(g) limits the use of medical information obtained from consumer reporting
agencies (other than payment information that appears in a coded form that does not identify the

                                                                                                                               655