§610.2                                                                           16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)
rolling 90-day daily average of con- sumers requesting or attempting to re- quest file disclosures. For example, if over the previous 90 days an average of 100 consumers per day requested or at- tempted to request file disclosures, then high request volume would be any volume greater than 125% of 100 i.e., 126 or more requests in a single 24-hour period.
  (9) Nationwide consumer reporting agency means a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis as defined in section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(p).
  (10) Nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency has the meaning pro- vided in section 603(w) of the Fair Cred- it Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(w).
  (11) Request method means the method by which a consumer chooses to com- municate a request for an annual file disclosure.
  (c) Rule of construction. The examples in this part are illustrative and not ex- clusive. Compliance with an example, to the extent applicable, constitutes compliance with this part.
§610.2 Centralized source for request- ing annual file disclosures from na- tionwide consumer reporting agen- cies.
  (a) Purpose. The purpose of the cen- tralized source is to enable consumers to make a single request to obtain an- nual file disclosures from all nation- wide consumer reporting agencies, as required under section 612(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681j(a).
  (b) Establishment and operation. All nationwide consumer reporting agen- cies shall jointly design, fund, imple- ment, maintain, and operate a central- ized source for the purpose described in paragraph (a) of this section. The cen- tralized source required by this part shall:
  (1) Enable consumers to request an- nual file disclosures by any of the fol- lowing request methods, at the con- sumers’ option:
  (i) A single, dedicated Internet website;
  (ii) A single, dedicated toll-free tele- phone number; and
  
  (iii) Mail directed to a single address;
  (2) Be designed, funded, implemented,
maintained, and operated in a manner
that:
  (i) Has adequate capacity to accept
requests from the reasonably antici-
pated volume of consumers contacting
the centralized source through each re-
quest method, as determined in accord-
ance with paragraph (c) of this section;
  (ii) Collects only as much personally
identifiable information as is reason-
ably necessary to properly identify the
consumer as required under the Fair
Credit Reporting Act, section 610(a)(1),
15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1), and other applica-
ble laws and regulations, and to proc-
ess the transaction(s) requested by the
consumer;
  (iii) Provides information through
the centralized source website and tele-
phone number regarding how to make a
request by all request methods re-
quired under §610.2(b)(1) of this part;
and
  (iv) Provides clear and easily under-
standable information and instructions
to consumers, including, but not nec-
essarily limited to:
  (A) Providing information on the progress of the consumer’s request while the consumer is engaged in the process of requesting a file disclosure;
  (B) For a website request method, providing access to a ‘‘help” or ‘‘frequently asked questions” screen, which includes specific information consumers might reasonably need to request file disclosures, the answers to questions that consumers might rea- sonably ask, and instructions whereby a consumer may file a complaint with the centralized source and with the Federal Trade Commission;
  (C) In the event that a consumer re- questing a file disclosure through the centralized source cannot be properly identified in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, section 610(a)(1), 15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1), and other applica- ble laws and regulations, providing a statement that the consumer’s identity cannot be verified; and, where feasible, how to complete the request, including what additional information or docu- mentation will be required to complete the request, and how to submit such in- formation; and


576