Federal Trade Commission                                        § 680.22
affiliate, an opt-out notice may apply
to eligibility information obtained in
connection with—
(A) A single continuing relationship
or multiple continuing relationships
that the consumer establishes with you
or your affiliates, including continuing
relationships established subsequent to
delivery of the opt-out notice, so long
as the notice adequately describes the 
continuing relationships covered by 
the opt-out; or
(B) Any other transaction between 
the consumer and you or your affiliates
as described in the notice.
(ii) Examples of continuing relationships. A consumer has a continuing relationship with you or your affiliate if the consumer—
(A) Opens a credit account with you
or your affiliate;
(B) Obtains a loan for which you or
your affiliate owns the servicing
rights;
(C) Purchases an insurance product
from you or your affiliate;
(D) Holds an investment product
through you or your affiliate, such as 
when you or your affiliate acts as a
custodian for securities or for assets in
an individual retirement arrangement;
(E) Enters into an agreement or understanding with you or your affiliate
whereby you or your affiliate under-
takes to arrange for broker a home
mortgage loan for the consumer;
(F) Enters into a lease of personal
property with you or your affiliate; or
(G) Obtains financial, investment, or
economic advisory services from you or
your affiliate for a fee.
(3) No continuing relationship—(i) In 
general. If there is no continuing relationship between a consumer and you 
or your affiliate, and you or your affiliate obtain eligibility information
about a consumer in connection with a
transaction with the consumer, such as 
an isolated transaction or a credit application that is denied, an opt-out no-
tice provided to the consumer only applies to eligibility information ob-
tained in connection with that trans-
action.
(ii) Examples of isolated transactions.
An isolated transaction occurs if—
(A) The consumer uses your or your
affiliate's ATM to withdraw cash from
an account at a financial institution;
or 
(B) You or your affiliate sells the
consumer a money order, airline tickets, travel insurance, or traveler's
checks in isolated transactions.
(4) Menu of alternatives. A consumer
may be given the opportunity to
choose from a menu of alternatives
when electing to prohibit solicitations,
such as by electing to prohibit solicitations from certain types of affiliates
covered by the opt-out notice but not 
other types of affiliates covered by the 
notice, electing to prohibit solicitations based on certain types of eli-
bility information but not other types
of eligibility information, or electing 
to prohibit solicitations by certain 
methods of delivery but not other
methods of delivery. However, if one of
the alternatives must allow the consumer to prohibit all solicitations from 
all of the affiliates that are covered by 
the notice.
(5) Special rule for a notice following termination of all continuing relationships—(i) In general. A consumer must
be given a new opt-out notice if, after
all continuing relationships with you
( and your affiliates) are terminated, the
consumer subsequently establishes
another continuing relationship with you
or your affiliate(s) and the consumer's
eligibility information is to be used to 
make a solicitation. The new opt-out 
notice must apply, at a minimum, to
eligibility information obtained in connection with the new continuing relationship. Consistent with paragraph (b)
of this section, the consumer's decision 
to not opt out after receiving the new
opt-out notice would not override a 
prior opt-out election by the consumer
that applies to eligibility information
obtained in connection with a terminated relationship, regardless of
whether the new opt-out notice applies
to eligibility information obtained in
connection with the terminated relationship.
(ii) Example. A consumer has an automobile loan account with a creditor
that is part of an affiliated group. The
consumer pays off the loan. After paying off the loan, the consumer subsequently obtains a second mortgage
loan from the creditor. The consumer