Pt. 600, App. 16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

users that typically could have both permissible and impermissible purposes for ordering consumer reports (e.g., attorneys and detective agencies), the consumer reporting agency must require the user to provide a separate certification each time it requests a consumer report. 
D. Procedures to avoid recipients’ abuse of information. When doubts arise concerning any user’s compliance with its original certification, a consumer reporting agency must take steps to insure compliance, such as requiring a separate, advance certification for each report it furnishes that user, or auditing that user to verify that it is obtaining reports only for permissible purposes. A consumer reporting agency must cease furnishing consumer reports to users who repeatedly request consumer reports for impermissible purposes. 
E. Unauthorized access. A consumer reporting agency should take several other steps when doubt arises concerning whether a user is obtaining reports for a permissible purpose from a computerized system. If it appears that an unauthorized user has obtained access to the system by using another subscriber’s means of access that authorized means of access, such as codes and passwords, and making random checks to ensure that inquiries are obtained only for permissible purposes. If a subscriber has inadvertently sought reports for impermissible purposes or its employee has obtained reports without a permissible purpose, it would be appropriate for the consumer reporting agency to alter the subscriber’s means of access, and require an individual written certification of the permissible purpose for each report requested or randomly verify such purpose. A consumer reporting agency should refuse to furnish any further reports to a user that repeatedly violates certifications. 
F. Use of computerized systems. A consumer reporting agency may furnish consumer reports to users via terminals, provided the consumer reporting agency has taken the necessary steps to ensure that the users have a permissible purpose to receive the reports. (The agency would have to record the identity of consumer report recipients for each consumer, to be able to make any disclosures required under section 609(a)(3) or section 611(d). 
G. Activity reports. If a consumer reporting agency provides “activity reports” on all customers who have open-end accounts with a credit grantor, it must make certain that the credit grantor advises the agency when accounts are closed and paid in full, to avoid furnishing reports on former customers or other customers for whom the credit grantor lacks a permissible purpose. (See also discussion in section 604(a)(3), item 1, supra.)
3. Reasonable Procedures To Assure Maximum Possible Accuracy 
A. General. The section does not require error free consumer reports. If a consumer reporting agency accurately transfers, stores and communicates consumer information received from a source that it reasonably believes to be reputable, and which is credible on its face, the agency does not violate this section simply by reporting an item of information that turns out to be inaccurate. However, when a consumer reporting agency learns or should reasonably be aware of errors in its reports that may indicate systematic problems (by virtue of information from consumers, report users, from periodic review of its reporting system, or otherwise) it must review its procedures for assuring accuracy. Examples of errors that would require such review are the issuance of a consumer report pertaining entirely to a consumer other than the one on whom a report was requested, and the issuance of a consumer report containing information on a consumer with a different identity (or information that was mixed in the file) in response to a request for a report on only one of those consumers. 
B. Required steps to improve accuracy. If the agency’s review of its procedures reveals, or the agency should reasonably have been aware, that steps taken to improve the accuracy of its reports at a reasonable cost, it must take any such steps. If this action reduces inaccuracies that come to its attention. A consumer reporting agency must also adopt reasonable procedures to eliminate systematic errors that it knows about, or should reasonably be aware of, resulting from procedures followed by a sources of information. For example, if a particular credit grantor has often furnished a significant amount of erroneous consumer account information, the agency must require the creditor to revise its procedures to correct whatever problems cause the errors or stop reporting information from that creditor.
C. Use of automatic data processing equipment. Consumer reporting agencies that use automatic data processing equipment (particularly for long distance transmission of information) should have reasonable procedures to assure that data is accurately converted into a machine-readable format and not distorted by machine malfunction or transmission failure. Reasonable backup procedures must be adopted to minimize the possibility that computerized consumer information will be obtained or altered by either unauthorized or unauthorized users of the information system.
D. Reliability of sources. Whether a consumer reporting agency may rely on the accuracy of information from a source depends on the circumstances. This section does not

562