§ 682.3 Proper disposal of consumer information.

(a) Standard. Any person who maintains or otherwise possesses consumer information for a business purpose must properly dispose of such information by taking reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of information in connection with its disposal.

(b) Examples. Reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of consumer information in connection with its disposal include the following examples. These examples are illustrative only and are not exclusive or exhaustive methods for complying with the rule in this part.

(1) Implementing and monitoring compliance with policies and procedures that require the burning, pulverizing, or shredding of papers containing consumer information so that the information cannot practicably be read or reconstructed.

(2) Implementing and monitoring compliance with policies and procedures that require the destruction or erasure of electronic media containing consumer information so that the information cannot practicably be read or reconstructed.

(3) After due diligence, entering into and monitoring compliance with a contract with another party engaged in the business of record destruction to dispose of material, specifically identified as consumer information, in a manner consistent with this rule. In this context, due diligence could include reviewing an independent audit of the disposal company's operations and/or its compliance with this rule, obtaining information about the disposal company from several references or other reliable sources, requiring that the disposal company be certified by a recognized trade association or similar third party, reviewing and evaluating the disposal company's information security policies or procedures, or taking other appropriate measures to determine the competency and integrity of the potential disposal company.

(4) For persons or entities who maintain or otherwise possess consumer information through their provision of services directly to a person subject to this part, implementing and monitoring compliance with policies and procedures that protect against unauthorized or unintentional disposal of consumer information, and disposing of such information in accordance with examples (b)(1) and (2) of this section.

(5) For persons subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq., and the Federal Trade Commission's Standards for Safeguarding Consumer Information, 16 CFR part 314 ("Safeguards Rule"), incorporating proper disposal of consumer information as required by this rule into the information security program required by the Safeguards Rule.

§ 682.4 Relation to other laws.

Nothing in the rule in this part shall be construed:

(a) To require a person to maintain or destroy any record pertaining to a consumer that is not imposed under other law; or

(b) To alter or affect any requirement imposed under any other provision of law to maintain or destroy such a record.

§ 682.5 Effective date.

The rule in this part is effective on June 1, 2005.

PART 698 - MODEL FORMS AND DISCLOSURES

Sec.
698.1 Authority and purpose.
698.2 Legal effect.
698.3 Definitions

APPENDIX A TO PART 698—MODEL PRESCREEN OPT-OUT NOTICES
APPENDIX B TO PART 698—MODEL FORMS FOR RISK-BASED PRICING AND CREDIT SCORE DISCLOSURE EXCEPTION NOTICES
APPENDIX C TO PART 698—MODEL FORMS FOR AFFILIATE MARKETING OPT-OUT NOTICES

16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)
624