Pt. 600, App.
16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

7. Seller of Property Extending Credit
A seller of property has a permissible purpose under this subsection to obtain a con- sumer report on a prospective purchaser to whom he is planning to extend credit.

8. Uncoded Credit Guides
A consumer reporting agency may not fur- nish an uncoded credit guide, because the re- cipient does not have a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on each con- sumer listed. (As discussed under section 603(d), item 4 supra, credit guides are listings that credit bureaus furnish to credit grantors, rating how consumers pay their bills. Such guides are a series of ‘‘consumer reports’’ on the ‘‘consumers’’ listed therein, unless coded so that the consumer’s identity is not disclosed.)

9. Liability for Bad Checks
A party attempting to recover the amount due on a bad check is attempting to collect a debt and, therefore, has a permissible pur- pose to obtain a consumer report on the con- sumer who wrote it, and on any other con- sumer who is liable for the amount of that or another applicable state law.
Section 604(a)(3)(B)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to ‘‘a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information for employ- ment purposes:’’

1. Current Employees
An employer may obtain a consumer re- port on a current employee in connection with an investigation of the disappearance of money from employer premises, because ‘‘retention as an employee’’ is included in the definition of ‘‘employment purposes’’ (section 603(h)).

2. Consumer Reports on Applicants and Nonapplicants
An employer may obtain a consumer re- port for use in evaluating the subject’s appli- cation for employment but may not obtain a consumer report to evaluate the application of a consumer who is not the subject of the report.

3. Grand Jurors
The fact that grand jurors are usually paid a stipend for their service does not provide a district attorney’s office a permissible pur- pose for obtaining consumer reports on them, because such service is a duty, not employment.
Section 604(a)(3)(C)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to ‘‘a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information in connection with the underwriting of insurance involving the consumer;’’

1. Underwriting
An insurer may obtain a consumer report to decide whether or not to issue a policy to the consumer, the amount and terms of cov- erage, the duration of the policy, the rates or fees charged, or whether or not to renew or cancel a policy, because these are all ‘‘under- writing’’ decisions.

2. Claims
An insurer may not obtain a consumer re- port for the purpose of evaluating a claim (to ascertain its validity or otherwise determine what action should be taken), because per- missible purposes relating to insurance are limited by this section to ‘‘underwriting’’ purposes.
Section 604(a)(3)(D)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to ‘‘a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information in connection with a determination of the consumer’s eligi- bility for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental instrumentality required by law to consider an applicant’s financial responsibility or status * * *’’

1. Appropriate Recipient
Any party charged by law (including a rule or regulation having the force of law) with responsibility for assessing the consumer’s eligibility for the benefit (not one then enjoy ing) directly responsible for administering the benefit) has a permissible purpose to receive a consumer report. For example, a district attorney’s office or social services bureau, required by law to consider a consum- er’s financial status in determining whether that consumer qualifies for welfare benefits, has a permissible purpose to obtain a report, on the consumer for that purpose. Similarly, con- sumer reporting agencies may furnish con- sumer reports to townships on consumers whose financial status the township is re- quired by law to consider in determining the consumers’ eligibility for assistance, or to professional boards (e.g., bar examiners) re- quired by law to consider such information on applicants for admission to practice.

2. Inappropriate Recipient
Parties not charged with the responsibility of determining a consumer’s eligibility for a license or other benefit, for example, a party competing for an FCC radio station con- struction permit, would not have a permis- sible purpose to obtain a consumer report on that consumer.

3. Initial or Continuing Benefit
The permissible purpose includes the de- termination of a consumer’s continuing eligi- bility for a benefit, as well as the determina- tion of a consumer’s initial application for a benefit. If the governmental body has reason

556