§ 680.22 

(iii) A credit card issuer makes a marketing call to the consumer without using eligibility information received from an affiliate. The issuer leaves a voice-mail message that invites the consumer to call a toll-free number to apply for the issuer’s credit card. If the consumer calls the toll-free number to inquire about the credit card, the call is a consumer-initiated communication about a product or service and the credit card issuer may now use eligibility information it receives from its affiliates to make solicitations to the consumer.

(iv) A consumer calls a creditor to ask about retail locations and hours, but does not request information about products or services. The creditor may not use eligibility information it receives from an affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about its products or services because the consumer-initiated communication does not relate to the creditor’s products or services. Thus, the use of eligibility information received from an affiliate would not be responsive to the communication and the exception does not apply.

(v) A consumer calls a creditor to ask about office locations. The customer service representative asks the consumer if there is a particular product or service about which the consumer is seeking information. The consumer responds that the consumer wants to stop in and find out about second mortgage loans. The customer service representative offers to provide that information by telephone and mail additional information and application materials to the consumer. The consumer agrees and provides or confirms contact information for receipt of the materials to be mailed. The creditor may use eligibility information it receives from an affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about mortgage loan products because such solicitations respond to the consumer-initiated communication about products or services.

(vi) Examples of consumer authorization or request for solicitations. (A) A consumer who obtains a mortgage from a mortgage lender authorizes or requests information about homeowner’s insurance offered by the mortgage lender’s insurance affiliate. Such authorization or request, whether given to the mortgage lender or to the insurance affiliate, would permit the insurance affiliate to use eligibility information about the consumer it obtains from the mortgage lender or any other affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about homeowner’s insurance.

(ii) A consumer completes an online application to apply for a credit card from a department store. The store’s online application contains a blank check box that the consumer may check to authorize or request information from the store’s affiliates. The consumer checks the box. The consumer has authorized or requested solicitations from store’s affiliates.

(iii) A consumer completes an online application to apply for a credit card from a department store. The store’s online application contains a pre-selected check box indicating that the consumer authorizes or requests information from the store’s affiliates. The consumer does not deselect the check box. The consumer has not authorized or requested solicitations from the store’s affiliates.

(vii) The terms and conditions of a credit account agreement contain a preprinted boilerplate language stating that by applying to open an account the consumer authorizes or requests to receive solicitations from the creditor’s affiliates. The consumer has not authorized or requested solicitations from the creditor’s affiliates.

(b) Relation to affiliate-sharing notice and opt-out. Nothing in this part limits the responsibility of a person to comply with the notice and opt-out provisions of section 603(d)(2)(A)(iii) of the Act where applicable.

§ 680.22 Scope and duration of opt-out.

(a) Scope of opt-out—(1) In general. Except as otherwise provided in this section, the consumer’s election to opt out prohibits any affiliate covered by the opt-out notice from using eligibility information received from another affiliate as described in this section to make solicitations to the consumer.

(2) Continuing relationship—(i) In general. If the consumer establishes a continuing relationship with you or your

612