§ 640.6                                                                         16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

(D) A statement that not having a credit score can affect whether the consumer can obtain credit and what the cost of that credit will be;
(E) A statement that a credit score about the consumer was not available from a consumer reporting agency, which must be identified by name, generally due to insufficient information regarding the consumer’s credit history;
(F) A statement that the consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the consumer report and has the right to dispute any inaccurate information in the consumer report;
(G) A statement that federal law gives the consumer the right to obtain copies of his or her consumer reports directly from the consumer reporting agencies, including a free consumer report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once during any 12-month period;
(H) The contact information for the centralized source from which consumers may obtain their free annual consumer reports; and
(I) A statement directing consumers to the websites of the Board and Federal Trade Commission to obtain more information about consumer reports.
(2) Exception. A person that uses consumer reports to set the credit terms of non-mortgage credit granted, extended, or provided to consumers regularly requests credit scores from a particular consumer reporting agency and provides those credit scores and additional information to consumers to satisfy the requirements of paragraph (c) of this section. That consumer reporting agency provides to the person a consumer report on a particular consumer that contains one trade line, but does not provide the person with a credit score on that consumer. If the person does not obtain a credit score from another consumer reporting agency, and, based in whole or in part on information in a consumer report it obtains, extends, or provides credit to the consumer, the person may provide the notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section. If, however, the person obtains a credit score from another consumer reporting agency, the person may not rely upon the exception in paragraph (f) of this section, but may satisfy the requirements of paragraph (e) of this section.
(3) Form of the notice. The notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section must be:
(i) Clear and conspicuous;
(ii) Segregated from other information provided to the consumer; and
(iii) Provided to the consumer in writing and in a form that the consumer may keep.
(4) Timing. The notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section must be provided to the consumer as soon as reasonably practicable after the person has requested the credit score, but in any event not later than consummation of a transaction in the case of closed-end credit or when the first transaction is made under an open-end credit plan.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section is contained in 16 CFR Part 698, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B-5 is deemed to comply with the requirements of § 640.5(f). Use of the model form is optional.

§ 640.6 Rules of construction.
For purposes of this part, the following rules of construction apply:
(a) One notice per credit extension. A consumer is entitled to no more than one risk-based pricing notice under § 640.3(a) or (c), or one notice under § 640.5(d), (e), or (f), for each grant, extension, or other provision of credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, even if a consumer has previously received a risk-based pricing notice in connection with a grant, extension, or other provision of credit, another risk-based pricing notice is required if the conditions set forth in § 640.3(d) have been met.
(b) Multi-party transactions—(1) Initial creditor. The person to whom a credit obligation is initially payable must provide the risk-based pricing notice described in § 640.3(a) or (c), or satisfy the requirements for and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions in § 640.5(d), (e), or (f), if that person immediately assigns the credit agreement to a third party and is not the source of funding for the credit.
(2) Purchasers or assignees. A purchaser or assignee of a credit contract