SUBCHAPTER F—THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT

PART 600—STATEMENTS OF GENERAL POLICY OR INTERPRETATIONS

Sec.
600.1 Authority and purpose.
600.2 Legal effect.
APPENDIX TO PART 600—COMMENTARY ON THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT
AUTHORITY: 15 U.S.C. 1681s and 16 CFR 1.73.

SOURCE: 55 FR 18808, May 4, 1990, unless otherwise noted.

§ 600.1 Authority and purpose.
(a) Authority. This part is issued by the Commission pursuant to the provisions of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Pub. L. 91–508, approved October 26, 1970, 84 Stat. 1127–36 (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.).
(b) Purpose. The purpose of this part is to clarify and consolidate statements of general policy or interpretations in a commentary in the appendix to this part. The Commentary will serve as guidance to consumer reporting agencies, their customers, and consumer representatives. The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires that the manner in which consumer reporting agencies provide information be fair and equitable to the consumer with regard to the confidentiality, accuracy, and proper use of such information. The Commentary will enable interested parties to resolve their questions more easily, present a more comprehensive treatment of interpretations and facilitate compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act in accordance with Congressional intent.

§ 600.2 Legal effect.
(a) The interpretations in the Commentary are not trade regulation rules or regulations, and, as provided in § 1.73 of the Commission’s rules, they do not have the force or effect of statutory provisions.
(b) The regulations of the Commission relating to the administration of the Fair Credit Reporting Act are found in subpart H of 16 CFR part 1 (§§ 1.71–1.73).

APPENDIX TO PART 600—COMMENTARY ON THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT
INTRODUCTION
1. Official status. This Commentary contains interpretations of the Federal Trade Commission (Commission) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). It is a guideline intended to clarify how the Commission will construe the FCRA in light of Congressional intent as reflected in the statute and its legislative history. The Commentary does not have the force or effect of regulations or statutory provisions, and its contents may be revised and updated as the Commission considers necessary or appropriate.
2. Status of previous interpretations. The Commentary primarily addresses issues discussed in the Commission’s earlier formal interpretations of the FCRA (16 CFR 600.1-600.8), which are hereby superseded. In the staff’s manual entitled “Compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act” (the current edition of which was published in May 1973, and revised in January 1977 and May 1979), and in informal staff opinion letters responding to public requests for interpretations, and it is intended that the results of the Commission’s FCRA enforcement program. It is intended to synthesize the Commission’s views and give clear advice on important issues. The Commentary sets forth some interpretations that differ from those previously expressed by the Commission or its staff and is intended to supersede all prior formal Commission interpretations, informal staff opinion letters, and the staff manual.
3. Statutory references. Reference to several different provisions of the FCRA is frequently required in order to make a complete analysis of an issue. For various sections and subsections of the FCRA, the Commentary discusses the most important and common overlapping requirements and issues, heading “Relation to other (sub)sections.”
4. Issuance of staff interpretations. The Commission will revise and update the Commentary as it deems necessary, based on the staff’s experience in responding to public inquiries about, and enforcement, FCRA. The Commission welcomes input from interested industry and consumer groups and other public parties in the Commentary will be discussed in it. Staff will continue to respond to requests for informal staff interpretations. In proposing revisions of the Commentary, staff will consider, where appropriate, recommend that the Commentary incorporate issues raised in correspondence and other public contacts, as well as in connection with the Commission’s enforcement efforts. Therefore, a party may raise an issue 546