§ 611.3                                                                            16 CFR Ch I (1-1-11 Edition)
no longer meets the definition found in FCRA section 603 (p), because it no longer maintains public record information. XYZ’s conduct is a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, and thus violates this section.
        (2) Circumvention through reorganization by regional operations. PDQ Inc. is a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. It reorganizes its operations so that corporate affiliates separately assemble and maintain all information on consumers residing in each state. PDQ continues to operate as a consumer reporting agency but ceases to comply with the FCRA obligations of a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, asserting that it no longer meets the definition found in FCRA section 603(p), because it no longer operates on a nationwide basis. PDQ’s conduct is a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, and thus violates this section.
        (3) Circumvention by a newly formed entity. Smith Co. is a new entrant in the marketplace for consumer reports that bear on a consumer’s credit worthiness, standing and capacity. Smith Co. organizes itself into two affiliated companies: Smith Credit Co. and Smith Public Records Co. Smith Credit Co. assembles and maintains credit account information from persons who furnish that information regularly and in the ordinary course of business on consumers residing nationwide. Smith Public Records Co. assembles and maintains public record information on consumers nationwide. Neither Smith Co. nor its affiliated organizations comply with FCRA obligations of consumer reporting agencies that compile and maintain files on consumers on a nationwide basis. Smith Co.’s conduct is a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, and thus violates this section.
        (4) Bona fide, arms-length transaction with unaffiliated party. Foster Ltd. is a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. Foster Ltd. sells its public record information business to an unaffiliated company in a bona fide, arms-length transaction. Foster Ltd. ceases to assemble, evaluate and maintain public record information on consumers residing nationwide, and ceases to offer reports containing public record information. Foster Ltd.’s conduct is not a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. Foster Ltd.’s conduct does not violate this part.

§ 611.3 Limitation on applicability.
     Any person who is otherwise in violation of § 611.2 shall be deemed in compliance with this part if such person is in compliance with all conditions imposed upon consumer reporting agencies that compile and maintain files on consumers on a nationwide basis under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.
PART 613—DURATION OF ACTIVE DUTY ALERTS
Sec.
    613.1 Duration of active duty alerts.
AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec.112(a); 15 U.S.C. 1681c-1.
§ 613.1 Duration of active duty alerts.
    The duration of an active duty alert shall be twelve months.
[69 FR 63933, Nov. 3, 2004]
PART 614—APPROPRIATE PROOF OF IDENTITY
Sec.
    614.1 Appropriate proof of identity.
AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec.112(b).
§ 614.1 Appropriate proof of identity.
    (a) Consumer reporting agencies shall develop and implement reasonable requirements for what information consumers shall provide to constitute
                                                                                                                                        584