Federal Trade Commission                   § 610.4

        (1) To provide the annual file disclo­
     sure or other disclosure required under
     the FCRA requested by the consumer;
        (2) To process a transaction re­
     quested by the consumer at the same
     time as a request for annual file disclo­
     sure or other disclosure;
        (3) To comply with applicable legal
     requirements, including those imposed
     by the Fair Credit Reporting Act and
     this part; and
        (4) To update personally identifiable
     information already maintained by the
     nationwide specialty consumer report­
     ing agency for the purpose of providing
     consumer reports, provided that the
     nationwide specialty consumer report­
     ing agency uses and discloses the up­
     dated personally identifiable informa­
     tion subject to the same restrictions
     that would apply, under any applicable
     provision of law or regulation, to the
     information updated or replaced.
        (e) Requirement to accept or redirect re­
     quests. If a consumer requests an an­
     nual file disclosure using a method
     other than the streamlined process es­
     tablished by the nationwide specialty
     consumer reporting agency in compli­
     ance with this part, a nationwide spe­
     cialty consumer reporting agency
     shall:
          (1) Accept the consumer's request; or
          (2) Instruct the consumer how to
     make the request using the stream­
     lined process required by this part.
        (f) Effective date. This section shall
     become effective on December 1, 2004.
     69 FR 35496, June 24, 2004, as amended at 75
     FR 9635, Mar. 3, 2010]

     § 610.4 Prevention of deceptive mar­
     keting of free credit reports.

        (a) For purposes of this section:
          (1) AnnualCreditReport.com and 877­
     322-8228 means the Uniform Resource
     Locator address
     "AnnualCreditReport.com" and toll-free
     telephone number, 877-322-8228. These
     are the locator address and toll-free
     telephone number currently used by
     the centralized source. If the locator
     address or toll-free telephone number
     changes in the future, the new address
     or telephone number shall be sub­
     stituted within a reasonable time.
          (2) Free credit report means a file dis­
     closure prepared by or obtained from,
     directly or indirectly, a nationwide
     consumer reporting agency (as defined
     in section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Re­
     porting Act), that is represented, ei­
     ther expressly or impliedly, to be avail­
     able to the consumer at no cost if the
     consumer purchases a product or serv­
     ice, or agrees to purchase a product or
     service subject to cancellation.
        (b) General requirements for disclosures.
     The disclosures covered by paragraph
     (b) of this section shall contain only
     the prescribed content and comply
     with the following requirements:
          (1) All disclosures shall be prominent;
          (ii) All disclosures shall be made in
     the same language as that principally
     used in the advertisement;
          (iii) Visual disclosures shall be easily
     readable; in a high degree of contrast
     from the immediate background on
     which it appears; in a format so that
     the disclosure is distinct from other
     text, such as type that is the same size
     as the type size, such as bold; and par­
     allel to the base of the advertisement
     or screen;
          (iv) Audio disclosures shall be deliv­ 
     ered in a slow and deliberate manner
     and in a reasonably understandable
     volume and pitch;
          (v) Program-length television, radio,
     or Internet-hosted multi-media adver­
     tisements' disclosures shall be made at
     the beginning, near the middle, and at
     the end of the advertisement; and
        (vi) Nothing contrary to, incon­
     sistent with, or that undermines the
     required disclosures shall be used in
     any advertisement in any medium, nor
     shall any audio, visual, or print tech­
     nique be used that is likely to detract
     significantly from the communication
     of any disclosure.
         (b) Medium-specific disclosures. All of­
     ferers of free credit reports shall promi­
     nently include the disclosures required
     by this section.
          (1) Television advertisements. (i) All ad­
     vertisements for free credit reports
     broadcast on television shall include
     the following disclosure in close prox­
     imity to the first mention of a free
     credit report: "This is not the free cred­
     it report provided for by Federal law."
       (ii) The disclosure shall appear at the
     same time in the audio and video por­
     tion of the advertisement. The visual dis­
     closure shall be at least four percent of  581