Pt. 600, App.  16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)
In other words, the terms “consumer reporting agency” in section 603(f) and “consumer report” in section 603(d) are mutually dependent and must therefore be construed together. For example, information is not a “consumer report” if the person furnishing the information is clearly not a “consumer reporting agency” (e.g., if the person furnishing the information does not regularly furnish such information for monetary fees or on a cooperative nonprofit basis).
2. Relation to the Applicability of the Act
If a report is not a “consumer report,” then the Act does not usually apply to it.1 For example, because a commercial credit report is not a report on a consumer, it is not a “consumer report.” Therefore, the user need not notify the subject of the name and address of the credit bureau when taking adverse action, and the provider need not omit “obsolete” information, as would be required if the FCRA applied.
3. Report Concerning a “Consumer’s” Credit Worthiness, Credit Standing, Credit Capacity, Character, General Reputation, Personal Characteristics, or Mode of Living.
A. General. A “consumer report” is a report on a “consumer” to be used for consumer purposes involving that consumer.
B. Artificial entities. Reports about corporations, associations, and other collective entities are not consumer reports, and the Act does not apply to them.
C. Reports on businesses for business purposes. Reports used to determine the eligibility of a business, rather than a consumer, for credit, insurance, etc. are not consumer reports and the FCRA does not apply to them, even if they contain information on individuals, because Congress did not intend for the FCRA to apply to reports used for commercial purposes (see 116 Cong. Rec. 36572 (1970) (Conf. Report on H.R. 15073)).
4. “Credit Worthiness, Credit Standing, Credit Capacity, Character, General Reputation, Personal Characteristics, or Mode of Living.” * * *
A. General. To be a “consumer report,” the information must bear on at least one of the seven characteristics listed in this definition.
B. Credit guides. Credit guides are listings, furnished by credit bureaus to creditors, that rate how well consumers pay their bills. Credit guides are series of “consumer reports,” because they contain information which is used for the purpose of serving as a factor in establishing the consumer’s eligibility for credit. However, if they are coded by identification such as social security number, driver’s license number, or bank account number so that the consumer’s identity is not disclosed, they are not “consumer reports” until decoded.
C. Motor vehicle reports. Motor vehicle reports are distributed by state motor vehicle departments, generally to insurance companies upon request, and usually reveal a consumer’s entire driving record, including arrests for driving offenses. Such reports are consumer reports when they are used by a Department of Motor Vehicles for insurance underwriting purposes and contain information bearing on the consumer’s “personal characteristics,” such as arrest information. The Act’s legislative history indicates Congress intended the Act to cover mutually beneficial exchanges of information between commercial enterprises rather than between governmental agencies. For that reason, motor vehicle reports are not consumer reports when provided to other governmental authorities involved in licensing or law enforcement activities. (See discussion titled “State Departments of Motor Vehicles,” under section 603(f), item 10 infra.)
D. Consumer lists. A list of the names of creditworthy individuals, or of individuals on whom credit bureaus have derogatory information, is a series of “consumer reports” because the information was given for valuable consideration from a consumer reporting agency.
E. Public record information. A report solely of public record information is not a “consumer report” unless that information is provided by a consumer reporting agency, is collected or used for the purposes identified in section 603(d), and bears on at least one of the seven characteristics listed in the definition. Public record information relating to records of arrest, or the institution or disposition of civil or criminal proceedings, bears on one or more of these characteristics.
F. Name and address. A report limited solely to the consumer’s name and address alone, with no connotations as to credit worthiness or other characteristics, does not constitute a “consumer report,” if it does not bear on any of the seven factors.
G. Rental characteristics. Reports about rental characteristics (e.g., consumer’s evictions, rental payment histories, treatment of premises) are consumer reports, because they relate to character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living.
548