Pt. 698, App. B                                                                                  16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

Understanding Your Credit Score (continued)

Key factors that [Insert first factor]
adversely affected [Insert second factor]
your credit score [Insert third factor]
                               [Insert fourth factor]
                               [Insert fifth factor, if applicable]

Checking Your Credit Report

What if there are                     You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you
mistakes in your                     find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency.
credit report?
                                            It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.

How can you obtain                  Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from
a copy of your credit               each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year.
report?
                                             To order your free annual credit report—

                                    By telephone: Call toll-free: 1–877–322–8228

                                    On the web: Visit www.annualcreditreport.com

                                    By mail: Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which
                                    you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission’s web site at
                                    http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/credit/reports.shtm) to:

                                    Annual Credit Report Request Service
                                    P.O. Box 105281
                                    Atlanta, GA 30348–5281                                                         

How can you get                     For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the
more information?                     Federal Reserve Board’s web site at www.federalreserve.gov, or the Federal Trade
                                          Commission’s web site at www.ftc.gov.

Notice to the Home Loan Applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

          In connection with your application for a home loan, the lender must disclose to you the score that a
consumer reporting agency distributed to users and the lender used in connection with your home loan, and the key
factors affecting your credit scores.

          The credit score is a computer generated summary calculated at the time of the request and based on
information that a consumer reporting agency or lender has on file. The scores are based on data about your credit
history and payment patterns. Credit scores are important because they are used to assist the lender in determining
whether you will obtain a loan. They may also be used to determine what interest rate you may be offered on the
mortgage. Credit scores can change over time, depending on your conduct, how your credit history and payment
patterns change, and how credit scoring technologies change.

          Because the score is based on information in your credit history, it is very important that you review the
credit-related information that is being furnished to make sure it is accurate. Credit records may vary from one
company to another.

          If you have questions about your credit score or the credit information that is furnished to you, contact the
consumer reporting agency at the address and telephone number provided with this notice, or contact the lender, if
the lender developed or generated the credit score. The consumer reporting agency plays no part in the decision to
take any action on the loan application and is unable to provide you with specific reasons for the decision on a loan
application.

          If you have questions concerning the terms of the loan, contact the lender.

                                                                                                                                                         634