Federal Trade Commission  Pt. 600, App.

hold a consumer reporting agency responsible where an item of information that it receives from a source that it reasonably believes to be reputable appears credible on its face, and is transcribed, stored and communicated as provided by that source. Requirements are more stringent where the information furnished appears implausible or inconsistent, or where procedures for furnishing it seem likely to result in inaccuracies, or where the consumer reporting agency has had numerous problems regarding information from a particular source.
8. Undesignated information in credit transactions. Undesignated information means all credit history in the file of an unmarried (or formerly married) consumer’s file, which was not reported to the consumer reporting agency with a designation indicating that the information relates to either the consumer’s joint or individual credit experience. The procedures under this section for treatment of credit history in the file of only one (present or former) spouse (usually the husband) that has not been so designated comply with amendments to the FCRA, such as the procedure under Section 604(a)(2) which implements the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. This regulation exists only for certain credit history file information compiled before June 1, 1977, and certain accounts opened before that date. A consumer reporting agency may report information on solely in the file of spouse A when spouse B applies for a separate extension of credit, unless spouse B can establish to our accounts for which spouse B was either a user or was contractually liable, or the report recipient has a permissible purpose to receive the report on spouse A. A consumer reporting agency may not supply all undesignated information from the file of a consumer’s spouse in response to a request for a report on the consumer, because some or all of that information may not relate to both spouses. Consumer reporting agencies must honor without charge the request if a married or formerly married individual that undesignated information that only appears only in the filed of the individual’s present or former spouse) be segregated--i.e., placed in a separate file that is accessible under that individual’s name. This procedure insures greater accuracy and protection of the privacy of spouses against the automatic reporting of out designated information.
F. Reporting of credit obligation--(1) Past due accounts. A consumer reporting agency must employ reasonable procedures to keep its current on past due accounts (e.g., by requiring creditors to notify the credit bureau when a previously past due account has been paid or discharged in bankruptcy), but its failure to show such activity in particular instances, because the maintenance of reasonable procedures to keep files current, does not violate this section. For example, a consumer reporting agency that reports accurately in 1985 that as of 1983 the consumer owed a retail store money, without mentioning that the consumer eventually paid the debt, does not violate this section if it was not informed by the store or the consumer of the later payment. 

(2) Significant, verified information. A consumer reporting agency must reinvestigate and correct inaccurate information it possesses about an item. For instance, a consumer reporting agency may continue to report a paid account that was previously delinquent, but should also report that the account has been paid. Similarly, a consumer reporting agency may include delinquencies on debts discharged in bankrupty in consumer reports, but must accurately note the status of the debt (e.g., discharged, voluntarily repaid). Finally, if a reported bankruptcy has been dismissed, that fact should be reported.
(3) Guarantor obligations. Personal guarantees for obligations incurred by others (including a corporation) may be included in a consumer report on the individual who is the obligor. The item must indicate the nature of the individual’s involvement (e.g., as guarantor of the corporate debt).

4. Effect of Criminal Sanctions

Notwithstanding the fact that section 619 provides criminal sanctions against persons who knowingly and willfully obtain information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretenses, a consumer reporting agency must follow reasonable procedures to limit the furnishing of reports to those with permissible purposes.

5. Disclosure of Credit Denial

When reporting that a consumer was denied a benefit (such as credit), a consumer reporting agency need not report the reasons for the denial.

6. Content of Report

A consumer report need not be tailored to the user’s needs. It may contain any information that is complete, accurate, and not obsolete on the consumer who is the subject of the report. A consumer report may include an account that was discharged in bankruptcy (as well as the bankruptcy itself), as long as it reports a zero balance due to reflect the fact that the consumer is no longer liable for the discharged debt. A consumer report may include a list of recipients of reports when the consumer who is the subject of the report.

7. Completeness of Reports

Consumer reporting agencies are not required to include all existing derogatory or favorable information about a consumer in their reports. (See, however, discussion in 

563