Pt. 680

16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

or different policies and procedures are nec- essary; and consider whether implementa- tion of existing policies and procedures should be modified to enhance the accuracy and integrity of information about con- sumers furnished to consumer reporting agencies.
(c) Evaluate the effectiveness of specific methods (including technological means) the furnisher uses to provide information to con- sumer reporting agencies; how those meth- ods may affect the accuracy and integrity of the information it provides to consumer re- porting agencies; and whether new, addi- tional, or different methods (including tech- nological means) should be used to provide information to consumer reporting agencies to enhance the accuracy and integrity of that information.

III. SPECIFIC COMPONENTS OF POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
In developing its policies and procedures, a furnisher should address the following, as ap- propriate:
(a) Identifying patterns, practices, and sys- tems for furnishing information about con- sumers to consumer reporting agencies that is appropriate to the nature, size, complex- ity, and scope of the furnisher’s business op- erations;
(b) Using standard data reporting formats and standard procedures for compiling and furnishing data, where feasible, such as the electronic transmission of information about consumers to consumer reporting agencies;
(c) Maintaining records for a reasonable period of time, not less than any applicable recordkeeping requirement, by which it can substantiate the accuracy of any information about consumers it furnishes that is subject to a direct dispute;
(d) Establishing and implementing appro- priate internal controls regarding the accu- racy and integrity of information about con- sumers furnished to consumer reporting agencies, such as by implementing standard procedures and verifying random samples of information provided to consumer reporting agencies;
(e) Training staff that participates in ac- tivities related to the furnishing of informa- tion about consumers to consumer reporting agencies to implement the policies and pro- cedures;
(f) Providing for appropriate and effective oversight of relevant service providers whose activities may affect the accuracy or integ- rity of information about consumers fur- nished to consumer reporting agencies to en- sure compliance with the policies and proce- dures;
(g) Furnishing information about con- sumers to consumer reporting agencies fol- lowing mergers, portfolio acquisitions or transfers, and other acquisitions or transfers of accounts or other obligations in a manner that prevents re-aging of information, dupli- cate reporting, or other problems that may similarly affect the accuracy or integrity of the information furnished;
(h) Deleting, updating, and correcting in- formation in the furnisher’s records, as ap- propriate, to avoid furnishing inaccurate in- formation;
(i) Conducting reasonable investigations of disputes;
(j) Designing technological and other means of communication with consumer re- porting agencies to prevent duplicative re- porting of accounts, erroneous association of information with the wrong consumer(s), and other occurrences that may compromise the accuracy or integrity of information pro- vided to consumer reporting agencies;
(k) Providing consumer reporting agencies with sufficient identifying information in the furnisher’s possession about each con- sumer about whom information is furnished to enable the consumer reporting agency properly to identify the consumer;
(l) Conducting a periodic evaluation of its practices and procedures to ensure that in- formation provided to consumer reporting agencies is accurate and in compliance with its obligations under the FCRA and its imple- menting regulations; and
(m) Complying with applicable require- ments under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and its implementing regulations.

PART 680—AFFILIATE MARKETING

Sec.
680.1 Purpose and scope.
680.2 Examples.
680.3 Definitions.
680.4-680.20 [Reserved]
680.21 Affiliate marketing opt-out and ex- ceptions.
680.22 Scope and duration of opt-out.
680.23 Contents of opt-out notice; consol- idated and equivalent notices.
680.24 Reasonable opportunity to opt out.
680.25 Reasonable and simple methods of opting out.
680.26 Delivery of opt-out notices.
680.27 Renewal of opt-out.
680.28 Effective date, compliance date, and prospective application.
AUTHORITY: Sec. 214(b), Pub. L. 108-159; 15 U.S.C. 1681s-3
SOURCE: 72 FR 61455, Oct. 30, 2007, unless otherwise noted.

§680.1 Purpose and scope.
(a) Purpose. The purpose of this part is to implement section 214 of the Fair

604