Federal Trade Commission

in the same position as any creditor attempting to collect a debt from a consumer who is the subject of a consumer report.

3. Child Support Debts

A district attorney’s office or other child support agency may obtain a consumer report in connection with enforcement of the report subject’s child support obligations established by court (or quasi-judicial administrative) orders, since the agency is acting as on behalf of the judgment creditor, and is, in effect, collecting a debt. However, a consumer reporting agency may not furnish consumer reports to child support agencies seeking to establish paternity or the duty to pay child support.

4. Tax Obligations

A tax collection agency has no general permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report to collect delinquent tax accounts, because this subsection applies only to collection of “credit” accounts. However, if a tax collection agency agrees and a lien having the same effect as a judgment or renewed judgment, it would be a judgment creditor and would have a permissible purpose for obtaining a consumer report on the consumer who owed the tax. Similarly, if a consumer taxpayer entered an agreement with a tax agency relating to tax payments according to some timetable, that agreement would create a debtor-creditor relationship, thereby giving the agency a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on that consumer.

5. Information on Application’s Spouse

A. Permisible purpose. A creditor may request any information concerning an applicant’s spouse if that spouse will be permitted to use the account or will be contractually liable upon the account, or the application is relying on the spouse’s income as a basis for repayment of the credit requested. A creditor may request any information concerning an applicant’s spouse if (1) the state law doctrine of necessaries applies to the transaction, or (2) the applicant resides in a community property state, or (3) the property upon which the applicant is relying as a basis for repayment of the credit requested is located in such a state, or (4) the applicant is acting as the agent of the nonapplicant spouse.

B. Lack of permisible purpose. If the creditor receives information clearly indicating that the applicant is not acting as the agent of the nonapplicant spouse, and that the applicant is relying only on separate property to repay the credit extended, and that the state law doctrine of necessaries does not apply to the transaction and that the applicant does not reside in a community property state, the creditor does not have a permissible purpose for obtaining a report on a nonapplicant spouse. A permissible purpose for making a consumer report on a nonapplicant spouse can never exist under the FCRA, where Regulation B, issued under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (12 CFR 202), prohibits the creditor form requesting information on such spouse. There is no permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on a nonapplicant former spouse or on a nonapplicant spouse who has legally separated or otherwise indicated an intent to legally disassociate with the marriage. (This does not preclude reporting a prior joint credit account of former spouses for which the spouse that is the subject of the report is still contractually liable. See discussion in section 607, item 3-b infra).

6. Prescreening

Prescreening means the process whereby a consumer reporting agency compiles or edits a list of consumers who meet specific criteria and provides this list to the client or a third party (such as a market research company) on the condition that the client or third party will use the list solely to make a firm offer of credit or insurance to each consumer on the list. Prescreening clients may request consumer reporting agencies to use one or more criteria from among the client’s list of consumers or for the client’s products or services. The process may also include demographic or other analysis of the consumers on the list (e.g., use of census tract data reflecting real estate values by the consumer reporting agency or by the company employed for that purpose (by either the agency or its client) before the list is provided to the consumer reporting agency’s client. In such situations, the client’s creditworthiness criteria may be provided only to the consumer reporting agency and not to third party performing the demographic analysis. The consumer reporting agency that performs a “prescreening” service normally is familiar with several different lists of consumers who meet different sets of creditworthiness criteria supplied by the client, who intends to make different credit offers (e.g., various credit limits) to consumers who meet the different criteria.

A prescreened list constitutes a series of consumer reports, because the list conveys the information that each consumer named meets certain criteria for creditworthiness. Prescreening is permissible under the FCRA if the client agrees in advance that each consumer whose name is on the list after prescreening will receive an offer for credit. In these circumstances, as described in the record for the prescreening service, permissible section, because of the client’s present intent to grant credit to all consumers on the final list, with the result that the information is used “in connection with credit transaction involving the consumer” when the information is to be furnished in delivering the extension of credit to * * * the consumer.

555