Federal Trade Commission

Pt. 660, App. A

which notice may consist of a standardized form describing the general nature of such information.

APPENDIX A TO PART 660—INTERAGENCY GUIDELINES CONCERNING THE ACCU- RACY AND INTEGRITY OF INFORMA- TION FURNISHED TO CONSUMER RE- PORTING AGENCIES

The Commission encourages voluntary furnishing of information to consumer report- ing agencies. Section 660.3 of this part requires each furnisher to establish and imple- ment reasonable written policies and pro- cedures concerning the accuracy and integrity of the information it furnishes to consumer reporting agencies. Under § 660.3(b), a fur- nisher must consider the guidelines set forth below in developing its policies and proce- dures. In establishing these policies and pro- cedures, a furnisher may include any of its existing policies and procedures that are rel- evant and appropriate. Section 660.3(c) re- quires each furnisher to review its policies and procedures periodically and update them as necessary to ensure their continued effec- tiveness.

I. NATURE, SCOPE, AND OBJECTIVES OF POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

(a) Nature and Scope. Section 660.3(a) of this part requires that a furnisher’s policies and procedures be appropriate to the nature, size, complexity, and scope of the furnisher’s ac- tivities. In developing its policies and proce- dures, a furnisher should consider, for exam- ple:

(1) The types of business activities in which the furnisher engages; (2) The nature and frequency of the infor- mation the furnisher provides to consumer reporting agencies; and (3) The technology used by the furnisher to furnish the information to consumer reporting agencies.

(b) Objectives. A furnisher’s policies and procedures should be reasonably designed to promote the following objectives: (1) To furnish information about accounts or other relationships with a consumer that is accurate, such that the furnished informa- tion:

(i) Identifies the appropriate consumer; (ii) Reflects the terms of and liability for the accounts or other relationships; and (iii) Reflects the consumer’s performance and other conduct with respect to the ac- count or other relationship; and (2) To furnish information about accounts or other relationships with a consumer that has integrity, such that the furnished informa- tion:

(i) Is substantiated by the furnisher’s records at the time it is furnished; (ii) Is furnished in a form and manner that is designed to minimize the likelihood that the information may be incorrectly reflected in a consumer report; thus, the furnished information should: 

(A) Include appropriate identifying infor- mation about the consumer to whom it pertains; and (B) Be furnished in a standardized and clearly understandable form and manner and with a date specifying the time period to which the information pertains; and (iii) Includes the credit limit, if applicable and in the furnisher’s possession; (3) To conduct reasonable investigations of consumer disputes and take appropriate ac- tions based on the outcome of such investiga- tions; and (4) To update the information it furnishes as necessary to reflect the current status of the consumer’s account or other relation- ship, including, for example: (i) Any transfer of an account (e.g., by sale or assignment for collection) to a third party; and (ii) Any cure of the consumer’s failure to abide by the terms of the account or other relationship.

II. ESTABLISHING AND IMPLEMENTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

In establishing and implementing its poli- cies and procedures, a furnisher should:

(a) Identify practices or activities of the furnisher that can compromise the accuracy or integrity of information furnished to con- sumer reporting agencies, such as by: (1) Reviewing its existing policies and ac- tivities, including the technological means and other methods it uses to furnish infor- mation to consumer reporting agencies, the frequency and timing of its furnishing of information;

(2) Reviewing its historical records relat- ing to accuracy or integrity or to disputes; reviewing other information relating to the accuracy or integrity of information pro- vided by the furnisher to consumer reporting agencies; and considering the types of errors, omissions, or other problems that may have affected the accuracy or integrity of infor- mation it has furnished about consumers to consumer reporting agencies:

(3) Considering any feedback received from consumer reporting agencies, consumers, or other appropriate parties; (4) Obtaining feedback from the furnisher’s staff; and (5) Considering the potential impact of the furnisher’s policies and procedures on consum- ers.

(b) Evaluate the effectiveness of existing policies and procedures of the furnisher re- garding the accuracy and integrity of infor- mation furnished to consumer reporting agencies; consider whether new, additional,

603