Pt. 698, App. H                                                                                                       16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

VII. OBLIGATIONS OF USERS OF "PRESCREENED" LISTS

    The FCRA permits creditors and insurers to obtain limited consumer report information
for use in connection with unsolicited offers of credit or insurance under certain circumstances.
Sections 603(1), 604(c), 604(e), and 615(d). This practice is known as "prescreening" and
typically involves obtaining from a CRA a list of consumers who meet certain preestablished
criteria. If any person intends to use prescreened lists, that person must (1) before the offer is
made, establish the criteria that will be relied upon to make the offer and to grant credit or
insurance, and (2) maintain such criteria on file for a three-year period beginning on the date on
which the offer is made to each consumer. In addition, any user must provide with each written
solicitation a clear and conspicuous statement that:

                • Information contained in a consumer's CRA file was used in connection with the
                  transaction.

                • The consumer received the offer because he or she satisfied the criteria for credit 
                  worthiness or insurability used to screen for the offer.

                • Credit or insurance may not be extended if, after the consumer responds, it is
                  determined that the consumer does not meet the criteria used for screening or any
                  applicable criteria bearing on credit worthiness or insurability, or the consumer
                  does not furnish required collateral.
                
                • The consumer may prohibit the use of information in his or her file in connection
                  with future prescreened offers of credit or insurance by contacting the notification
                  system established by the CRA that provided the report. The statement must
                  include the address and toll-free telephone number of the appropriate notification
                  system.

      In addition, once the Federal Trade Commission by rule has established the format, type
size, and manner of the disclosure required by Section 615(d), users must be in compliance with
the rule. The FTC's regulations will be at www.ftc.gov/credit.

                                                                                                                656