Federal Trade Commission                                      Pt. 600, App.
          for inclusion in future editions of the Com-
          mentary without making any formal submis-
          sion or request to that effect. However, re-
          quests for formal Commission interpreta-
          tions of the FCRA may also still be made
          pursuant to the procedures set forth in the
          Commission's Rules (16 CFR 1.73).                                                                                

     5. Commentary citations to FCRA. The Com-
          mentary should also be used in conjunction with
          the text of the statute. In some cases, the
          Commentary includes an abbreviated de-
          scription of the statute, rather than the full
          text, as a preamble to discussion of issues
          pertaining to various sections and sub-
          sections. These summary statements of the
          law should not be used as a substitute for the
          statutory text.                                       

                     Section 601—Short title

 "This title may be cited as the Fair Credit
 Reporting Act."

 The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) is
 title VI of the Consumer Credit Protection
 Act, which also includes other Federal stat-
 utes relating to consumer credit, such as the
 Truth in Lending Act (title I), the Equal
 Credit Opportunity Act (title VII), and the
 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (title
VIII).

       section 602—Findings and Purpose
 Section 602 includes the Congressional find-
 ings regarding the significant role of con-
sumer reporing agencies in the nation's fi-
nancial system, and states that the basic
purpose of the FCRA is to require consumer
reporting agencies to adopt reasonable pro-
cedures for meeting the information needs of
creditors, insurers, employers and others in a
  manner that is fair and equitable to the con-
 sumer with regard to confidentiality, accu-
 racy, and the proper use of such information.

    Section 603—Definitions and Rules of
                                 Construction
 Section 603(a) states that “definitions and
 rules of construction set forth in this section
 are applicable for the purposes of this title.

 Section 603(b) defines person to mean " any
 individual, partnership, corporation, trust,
 estate, cooperative, association, government
 or governmental subdivision or agency or
other entity."

         1. Relation to Other Sections

 Certain "persons" must comply with the
 Act. The term consumer reporting agency is
 defined in section 603(f) to include certain
 "persons." Section 619 subjects any "person"
 who knowingly and willfuly obtains infor-
 mation from a consumer reporting agency
 under false pretenses to criminal
  sanctions. Requirements relating to report
 users apply to "persons." Section 606 imposes
 disclosure obligations on "persons" who ob-
tain investigative reports or cause them to

 be prepared. Section 615(c) uses the term 
 person to denote those subject to disclosure ob-
 ligations under sections 615(a) and 615(b).

           2. Examples

 The term "person" includes universities,
 creditors, collection agencies, insurance
 companies, private investigators, and em-
  ployers.

 Section 603(c) defines the term consumer to
 mean "an individual."

      1. Relation to Other Sections

 The term "consumer" denotes an individual
 entitled to the Act's protections. Consumer
 reports, as defined in section 603(d), are re-
 ports about consumers. A "consumer" is enti-
 tled to obtain disclosures under section 609
 from consumer reporting agencies and to
 take certain steps that require such agencies
 to follow procedures in section 611, con-
 cerning disputes about the completeness or
 accuracy of items of information in the con-
sumer's file. Disclosures required under sec-
 tion 606 by one procuring an "investigative
 consumer report” are made to the consumer
 whom the report is about. Notifications re-
 quired by section 615 must be provided to
"consumers." A “consumer" is also permit-
  ted to sue for willful noncompliance (sec-
 tion 616) or negligent noncompliance (section
617) with the Act's requirements .

           2. General

 The definition includes only a natural per-
son. It does not include artificial entities
 (e.g., partnerships, corporations, trusts, es-
tates, cooperatives, associations, government
 created by statutes (e.g., governments, gov-
 ernmental subdivisions or agencies).

 Section 603(d) defines consumer report to
 mean "any written, oral, or other communi-
cation of any information by a consumer
reporting agency bearing on a consumer's
  credit worthiness, credit standing, credit ca-
pacity, character, general reputation, per-
sonal characteristics, or mode of living
which is used or expected to be used or col-
lected in whole or in part for the purpose of
serving as a factor in establishing the con-
sumer's eligibility for (1) credit or insurance
to be used primarily for personal, family, or
 household purchases, or (2) employment pur-
poses, or (3) other purposes authorized under
  Section 604" (with three specific exclusions).

               1. Relation to "Consumer Reporting' Agency

  To be a "consumer report,” the informa-
tion must be furnished by a "consumer reporting
agency” as that term is defined in section
603(f). Conversely, the term "consumer re-
porting agency" is restricted to persons that 
regularly engage in assembling or evaluating
  consumer credit information or other infor-
mation on consumers for the purpose of fur-
  nishing "consumer reports" to third parties.

                                          547