§ 640.3

(i) Creditor has the same meaning as 
in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(5). 
(j) Credit card has the same meaning 
as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(2). 
(k) Credit card issuer has the same 
meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(1)(A). 
(l) Credit score has the same meaning
as in 15 U.S.C. 1681g(f)(2)(A). 
(m) Firm offer of credit has the same 
meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(l). 
(n) Material terms means—
(1) Except as otherwise provided in 
paragraphs (n)(1)(ii) and (n)(3) of this
section, in the case of credit extended 
under an open-end credit plan, the an-
nual percentage rate required to be dis- 
closed under 12 CFR 226.6(a)(1)(ii) or 12 
CFR 226.6(b)(2)(i), excluding any tem- 
porary initial rate that is lower than 
the rate that will apply after the tem- 
porary rate expires, any penalty rate 
that will apply upon the occurrence of 
one or more specific events, such as a
late payment or an extension of credit 
that exceeds the credit limit, and any 
fixed annual percentage rate option for
a home equity line of credit;
(i) In the case of a credit card (other 
than a credit card that is used to ac- 
cess a home equity line of credit or a 
charge card), the annual percentage 
rate required to be disclosed under 12 
CFR 226.6(b)(2)(i) that applies to pur-
chases (‘‘purchase annual percentage 
rate’’) and no other annual percentage 
rate, or in the case of a credit card that 
has no purchase annual percentage 
rate, the annual percentage rate that 
varies based on information in a con-
sumer report and that has the most 
significant financial impact on con-
sumers;
(2) In the case of closed-end credit, 
the annual percentage rate required to 
be disclosed under 12 CFR 226.17(c) and 
226.18(e); and
(3) In the case of credit for which 
there is no annual percentage rate, the 
financial term that varies based on in-
formation in a consumer report and 
that has the most significant financial 
impact on consumers, such as a deposit 
required in connection with credit ex- 
tended by a telephone company or util-
ity or an annual membership fee for a 
charge card. 
(o) Materially less favorable means, 
when applied to material terms, that 
the terms granted, extended, or other- 
wise provided to a consumer differ 
from the terms granted, extended, or 
otherwise provided to another con-
sumer from or through the same person
such that the cost of credit to the first 
consumer would be significantly great-
er than the cost of credit granted, ex- 
tended, or otherwise provided to the 
other consumer. For purposes of this 
definition, factors relevant to deter-
mining the significance of a difference 
in cost include the type of credit prod-
uct, the term of the credit extension, if 
any, and the extent of the difference 
between the material terms granted, 
extended, or otherwise provided to the 
two consumers. 
(p) Open-end credit plan has the same 
meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1602(i), as inter- 
preted by the Board in Regulation Z 
and the Official Staff Commentary to 
Regulation Z. 
(q) Person has the same meaning as in 
15 U.S.C. 1681a(b). 
§ 640.3 General requirements for risk-
based pricing notices. 
(a) In general. Except as otherwise 
provided in this part, a person must 
provide to a consumer a notice (‘‘Risk-
based pricing notice’’) in the form and 
manner required by this part if the per-
son both—
(1) Uses a consumer report in connec-
tion with an application for, or a grant, 
extension, or other provision of, credit 
to that consumer that is primarily for 
personal, family, or household pur- 
poses; and 
(2) Based in whole or in part on the 
consumer report, grants, extends, or 
otherwise provides credit to that con-
sumer on material terms that are mate-
rially less favorable than the most 
favorable material terms available to a 
substantial proportion of consumers 
from or through that person. 
(b) Determining which consumers must
receive a notice. A person may deter-
mine whether paragraph (a) of this sec-
tion applies by directly comparing the 
material terms offered to each con-
sumer and the material terms offered 
to other consumers for a specific type 
of credit product. For purposes of this 
section, a ‘‘specific type of credit prod-
uct’’ means one or more credit products 
with similar features that are designed 
for similar purposes. Examples of a 

586