Pt. 681, App. A

16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

a change of address for a consumer’s debit or credit card account and, within a short period of time afterwards (during at least the first 30 days after it receives such notification, the card issuer receive a request for an additional or replacement card for the same account. Under these circumstances, the card issuer may not issue an additional or replacement card, until, in accordance with its reasonable policies and procedures and for the purpose of assessing the validity of the change of address, the card issuer:

(1)(i) Notifies the cardholder of the request:
    (A) At the cardholder’s former address; or
    (B) By any other means of communication that the card issuer and the cardholder have previously agreed to use; and
(ii) Provides to the cardholder a reasonable means of promptly reporting incorrect address changes; or

(2) Otherwise assesses the validity of the change of address in accordance with the policies and procedures the card issuer has established pursuant to §681.1 of this part.
(d) Alternate timing of address validation. A card issuer may satisfy the requirements of paragraph (c)(i) of this section if it validates an address pursuant to the methods in paragraph (c)(i) or (c)(2) of this section when it receives an address change notification, before it receives a request for an additional or replacement card.

(e) Form of notice. Any written or electronic notice that the card issuer provides under this paragraph must be clear and conspicuous and provided separately from its regular correspondence with the cardholder.

[74 FR 22646, May 14, 2009]

APPENDIX A TO PART 681—INTERAGENCY GUIDELINES ON IDENTITY THEFT DETECTION, PREVENTION, AND MITIGATION

Section 681.1 of this part requires each financial institution and creditor that offers or maintains one or more covered accounts, as defined in §681.1(b)(3) of this part, to develop and provide for the continued administration of a written Program to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of a covered account or any existing covered account. These guidelines are intended to assist financial institutions and creditors in the formation and maintenance of a Program that satisfies the requirements of §681.1 of this part.

I. The Progran 

In designing its Program, a financial institution or creditor may incorporate, as appropriate, its existing policies, procedures, and other arrangements that control reasonably forseeable risks to customers or to the safety and soundness of the financial institution or creditor from identity theft.

II. Identifying Relevant Red Flags

(a) Risk Factors. A financial institution or creditor should consider the following factors in identifying relevant Red Flags for covered accounts, as appropriate:
(1) The types of covered accounts it offers or maintains;
(2) The methods it provides to open its covered accounts;
(3) The methods it provides to access its covered accounts; and
(4) Its previous experience with identity theft.

(b) Sources of Red Flags. Financial institutions and creditors should incorporate relevant Red Flags from sources such as:
(1) Incidents of identity theft that the financial institution or creditor has experienced;
(2) Methods of identity theft that the financial institution or creditor has identified that reflect changes in identity theft risks; and
(3) Applicable supervisory guidance.

(c) Categories of Red Flags. The Program should include relevant Red Flags from the following categories, as appropriate. Examples of Red Flags from each of these categories are appended as supplement A to this appendix A.
(1) Alerts, notifications, or other warnings received from consumer reporting agencies or service providers, such as fraud detection services;
(2) The presentation of suspicious documents;
(3) The presentation of suspicious personal identifying information, such as a suspicious address change;
(4) The unusual use of, or other suspicious activity related to, a covered account; and
(5) Notice from customers, victims of identity theft, law enforcement authorities, or other persons regarding possible identity theft in connection with covered accounts held by the financial institution or creditor.

III. Detecting Red Flags

The Program’s policies and procedures should address the detection of Red Flags in