Federal Trade Commission  Pt. 600, App. to believe a particular consumer’s eligibility is in doubt, or wishes to conduct random checks to confirm eligibility, it has a permissible purpose to receive a consumer report.
   Section 604(3)(E)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to “a person which it has reason to believe * * * otherwise has a legitimate business need for the information in connection with a business transaction involving the consumer.”
    1. Relation to Other Subsections of Section 604(3)
   The issue of whether credit, employment, or insurance provides a permissible purpose is determined exclusively by reference to subsection (A), (B), or (C), respectively.
    2. Commercial Transactions
   The term business transaction in this section means a business transaction with a consumer primarily for personal, family, or household purposes. Business transactions that involve purely commercial purposes are not covered by the FCRA.
    3. “Legitimate Business Need”
   Under this subsection, a party has a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on a consumer for use in connection with a transaction involving the consumer from which he or she might expect to receive a benefit that is not more specifically covered by subsection (A), (B), or (C). For example, a consumer report may be obtained on a consumer who applies to rent an apartment, offers to make a deposit with a merchant, applies for a checking account or similar service, seeks to be included in a computer dating service, or who has sought and received over-payments of government benefits that he has refused to return.
    4. Litigation
   The possibility that a party may be involved in litigation involving a consumer does not provide a permissible purpose for that party to receive a consumer report on such consumer under this subsection because litigation is not a “business transaction” involving the consumer. Therefore, potential plaintiffs may not always obtain reports on potential defendants to determine whether they are worth suing. The implication that gives rise to the litigation may or may not provide a permissible purpose. A party seeking to see or a debtor etc. would have a permissible purpose under section 604(3)(4). (That section also permits judgment creditors and lien creditors to obtain consumer reports on judgment debtors on consumer whose property is subject to the lien creditor’s lien.) If that transaction is a business transaction involving the consumer, there is a permissible purpose. If the litigation arises from a tort, there is no permissable purpose. Similarly, a consumer report may not be obtained solely for use in discrediting a witness at trial or for locating a witness. This section does not permit consumer reporting agencies to furnish consumer reports for the purpose of locating a person suspected of committing a crime. (As stated in the discussion of section 608 infra (item 2), section 608 permits the furnishing of specified, limited identifying information to governmental agencies, notwithstanding the provisions of section 604.)
    5. Impermissible Purposes
   A consumer reporting agency may not furnish a consumer report to satisfy a requester’s curiosity, or for use by a news reporter in preparing a newspaper or magazine article.
    6. Agents
   A. General. An agent^3 of a party with a “permissible purpose” may obtain a consumer report on behalf of his principal. The key is the report is on behalf of the principal where he is a permissable purpose. Such involvement may include the agent’s making a decision (or taking action) for the principal, or assisting the principal in making the decision (e.g., by evaluating information). In these circumstances, the agent is acting as an agent of the principal. In some cases, the agent and principal are referred to as “joint users.” See discussion in section 603(t), 523 supra.
   B. Real estate agents. A real estate agent may obtain a consumer report on behalf of a seller, to evaluate the ability of a prospective purchaser of a subject who has expressed an interest in purchasing the property from the seller.
   C. Private detective agency. A private detective agency may obtain a consumer report as an agent for its client while investigating a report subject that is a client’s prospective employee, or in connection with advising a client concerning a business transaction with the report subject or in attempting to collect a debt owed its client by the subject of the report. In these circumstances, the detective agency is acting on behalf of its client.
   D. Rental clearance agency. A rental clearance agency that obtains consumer reports to assist owners of residential property in screening consumers as tenants, has a permissible purpose to obtain the report. If its business includes advising landlords whether to approve or disapprove the subjects as tenants applicants. Similarly, an apartment manager investigating applicants for apartment rentals by a landlord may obtain consumer reports on these applicants.
________________________________
   
^3 Of course agents and principals are bound by the Act.