Pt. 600, App. 16 CFR Ch. l (1-1-11 Edition)

section 611, item 14, infra, concerning con- 
veying consumer dispute statements.) How- 
ever, a consumer reporting agency may not 
mislead its subscribers as to the complete- 
ness of its reports by deleting nonderogatory
information and not disclosing its policy of
making such deletions.

8. User Notice of Adverse Action Based on a
Consumer Report

A consumer reporting agency need not re- 
quire users of its consumer reports to pro- 
vide notice to consumers against whom
adverse action is taken based on a consumer 
report. The FCRA imposes such notice re- 
quirements directly on users, under the cir- 
cumstances set out in section 615.

Section 608—Disclosures to Governmental
Agencies

“’Notwithstanding the provisions of section 
604, a consumer reporting agency may fur- 
nish identifying information respecting any 
consumer, limited to his name, address,
former addresses, places of employment, or 
former places of employment, to a govern- 
mental agency."

1. Permissible Purpose Necessary for
Additional Information

A consumer reporting agency may furnish 
limited identifying information concerning a 
consumer to a governmental agency (e.g., an 
agency seeking a fugitive from justice), if
that agency does not have a “permissible 
purpose" under section 604 to receive a con- 
sumer report. However, a governmental 
agency must have a permissible purpose in 
order to obtain information beyond what is
authorized by this section.

2. Entities Covered by Section

The term governmental agency includes fed- 
eral, state, county and municipal agencies, 
and grand juries. Only governmental agen- 
cies may obtain disclosures of identifying in- 
formation under this section.

Section 609—Disclosures to Consumers

“(a) Every consumer reporting agency 
shall, upon request and proper identification 
of any consumer, clearly and accurately dis- 
close to the consumer:
(1) The nature and substance of all infor- 
mation (except medical information) in its 
files on the consumer at the time of the re- 
quest.
(2) The sources of the information; except 
that the sources of information acquired 
solely for use in preparing an investigative 
consumer report and actually used for no 
other purpose need not be disclosed: Pro- 
vided, That in the event an action is brought 
under this title, such sources shall be avail- 
able to the plaintiff under appropriate dis-
covery procedures in the court in which the 
action is brought.
(3) The recipients of any consumer report 
on the consumer which it has furnished 
(A) for employment purposes within the 
two-year period preceding the request, and 
(B) for any other purposes within the six- 
month period preceding the request.
(d) The requirements of subsection (a) re- 
specting the disclosure of sources of informa- 
tion and the recipients of consumer reports 
do not apply to information received or con- 
sumer reports furnished prior to the effective 
date of this title except to the extent that 
the matter involved is contained in the files 
of the consumer reporting agency on that 
date."

1. Relation to Other Sections

This section states what consumer report- 
ing agencies must disclose to consumers, 
upon request and proper identification. Sec- 
tion 610 sets forth the conditions under
which those disclosures must be made, and 
section 612 sets forth the charges that firms 
may make for making such disclosures. The 
term "file" as used in section 609(a)(1) is de- 
fined in section 603(g). The term "investiga- 
tive consumer report," which is used in sec-
tion 609(a)(2), is defined in section 603(e). The 
term medical information, which is used in 
section 609(a)(1), is defined in section 603(i).

2. Proper Identification

A consumer reporting agency must take 
reasonable steps to verify the identity of an 
individual seeking disclosure under this sec- 
tion.

3. Manner of “Proper Identification"

If a consumer provides sufficient identi- 
fying information, the consumer reporting
agency must insist that the consumer exe- 
cute a "request for interview" form, or pro
vide the items listed on it, as a prerequisite 
to disclosure. However, the agency may use 
a form to identify consumers requesting dis- 
closure if it does not use the form to inhibit 
disclosure, or to obtain any waiver of the 
consumers’ rights. A consumer reporting
agency may provide disclosure by telephone 
without a written request, if the consumer is 
properly identified, but may insist on a writ- 
ten request before providing such disclosure.

4. Power of Attorney

A consumer reporting agency may disclose 
a consumer's file to a third party authorized 
by the consumer’s written power of attorney 
to obtain the disclosure, if the third party 
presents adequate identification and fulfills 
other applicable conditions of disclosure.
However, the agency may also disclose the 
information directly to the consumer.

564