Federal Trade Commission

5. Nature of Disclosure Required

A consumer reporting agency must disclose the nature and substance of all items in the consumer's file, no matter how or where they are stored (e.g., in other offices of the consumer reporting agency). The consumer reporting agency must have personnel trained to explain to the consumer any information furnished in accordance with the Act. Particularly when the file includes coded information that would be meaningless to the consumer, the agency's personnel must assist the consumer to understand the disclosures. Any summary must not mischaracterize the nature of any item of information in the file. The consumer reporting agency is not required to provide a copy of the file, or any other written disclosure, or to read the file verbatim to the consumer or to permit the consumer to examine any information in its files. A consumer reporting agency may choose to usually comply with the FCRA in writing, by providing a copy of the file to the consumer or other- 

6. Medical Information

Medical information includes information obtained with the consumer's consent from physicians and medical facilities, but does not include comments on a consumer's health by non-medical personnel. A consumer reporting agency is not required to disclose medical information in its files to consumers, but may do so. Alternatively, a consumer reporting agency may inform consumers that there is medical information in the files concerning them and supply the name of the doctor or other source of the information. Consumer reporting agencies may disclose such information in a physician of the consumer's choice, upon the consumer's written instructions pursuant to section 604 (g).

7. Ancillary Information.

A consumer reporting agency is not required to disclose information consisting of an audit trail of changes it makes in the consumer’s file, billing records, or the contents of a consumer relations folder, if the information is not from consumer reports and will not be used in preparing future consumer reports. Such data is not included in the term "information in the files" which must be disclosed to the consumer pursuant to this section. A consumer reporting agency must disclose claims report information only if it has appeared in consumer reports.

8. Information on Other Consumers

The consumer has no right to information in the consumer reporting agency's files on other individuals, because the disclosure must be limited to information "on the con-

sumer." However, all information in the files of the consumer making the request must be disclosed, including information about another individual that relates to the consumer (e.g., concerning that individual's dealings with the subject of the consumer report).

9. Disclosure of Sources of Information

Consumer reporting agencies must disclose the sources of information, except for sources of information acquired solely for use in preparing an investigative consumer report and actually used for no other purpose. When it has used information from another consumer reporting agency, the other agency should be reported as a source.

10. Disclosure of Recipients of Consumer Reports

Consumer reporting agencies must maintain records of recipients of prior consumer reports sufficient to enable them to meet the FCRA's requirements that they disclose the identity of recipients of prior consumer reports that the consumer reporting agency furnishes a consumer report directly to a report user at the request of another consumer reporting agency must disclose the identity of the user that was the ultimate recipient of the report, not the identity that acted as an intermediary in procuring the report.

11. Disclosure of Recipients of Prescreened Lists

A consumer reporting agency must furnish to a consumer requesting file disclosures the identity of recipients of all prescreened lists that contained the consumer's name when submitted to creditors (or other users) by the consumer reporting agency.

12. Risk Scores

A consumer reporting agency is not required to disclose a risk score (or other numerical evaluation, however named) that is provided to the agency's client (based on an analysis of data on the consumer) but not retained by the agency. Such a score is not information "in (the agency's) files at the time of the request" by the consumer file disclosure.

Section 610 Conditions of Disclosure

(a) A consumer reporting agency shall make the disclosures required under section 609 during normal business hours and on reasonable notice.

(b) The disclosures required under section 609 shall be made to the consumer-

(1) in person if he appears in person and furnishes proper identification; or
(2) by telephone if he has made a written request, with proper identification, for telephone disclosure and the toll charge, if any,

565