Pt. 600, App.                                                                 16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)
would not become a consumer reporting employer in connection with the purposes for
agency, even if the information exceeded the which the reports were initially obtained.
creditor’s transactions or experiences with
the consumer.                                                               9. Loan Exchanges
                                                             Loan exchanges, which are generally
3. Provision of Credit Report to Report owned and operated on a cooperative basis
Subject by consumer finance companies, constitute a
A consumer report user does not become a mechanism whereby each member furnishes
consumer reporting agency by regularly giv- the exchange information concerning the
ing a copy of the report, or otherwise dis- full identity and loan amount of each of its
closing it, to the consumer who is the sub- borrowers, and receives information from the
ject of the report, because it is not disclosing exchange concerning the number and types
the information to a ‘‘third party.’’        of outstanding loans for each of its appli-
cants. A loan exchange or any other ex-   
4. Employment Agency                        change that regularly collects information
An employment agency that routinely ob- bearing on decisions to grant consumers
tains information on job applicants from credit or insurance for personal, family 
their former employers and furnishes the in- household purposes, or employment, is a
formation to prospective employers is a con- ‘‘consumer reporting agency.’’
sumer reporting agency.                    


5. Information Compiled for Insurance                          10. State Departments of Motor Vehicles
Underwriting           State motor vehicle departments are ‘‘con-
A business that compiles claim payment sumer reporting agencies’’ if they regularly 
histories on individuals from insurers and furnish motor vehicle reports containing in-
furnishes them to insurance companies for formation bearing on the consumer’s general
use in underwriting decisions concerning moral characteristics,’’ such as arrest infor-
those individuals is a consumer reporting mation, to insurance companies for insur-
agency.                                   ance underwriting purposes. (See discussion
                                   of motor vehicle reports under section 603(d)
6. Private Investigators and Detective in note supra.)
Agencies
Private investigators and detective agen-                   11. Federal Agencies
cies that regularly obtain consumer reports The Office of Personnel Management col-
and furnish them to clients may thereby be- lects and files data concerning present and
come consumer reporting agencies.       potential employees of the Federal Govern-
  ment and transmits that information to
7. Collection Agencies and Creditors    other government agencies for employment
Collection agencies and creditors become purposes. Because Congress did not intend 
consumer reporting agencies if they regular- that the FCRA apply to the Office of Per-
ly furnish information beyond their trans- sonnel Management and similar federal
actions or experiences with consumers to agencies (see 116 Cong. Rec. 36576 (1970) (re-
third parties for use in connection with its marks of Rep. Brown)), no such agency is a
consumers’ transactions.       ‘‘consumer reporting agency.’’

8. Joint Users of Consumer Reports                    12. Credit Application Information
Entities that share consumer reports with A creditor that provides information from
others that are jointly involved in decisions a consumer’s application to a credit bureau,
for which there are permissible purposes to for verification as part of the creditor’s evalu-
obtain the reports may be ‘‘joint users’’ rath- ation process that includes obtaining a re-
er than consumer reporting agencies. For ex- port on the consumer from that credit bu- 
ample, if a lender forwards consumer reports reau, does not thereby become a ‘‘consumer 
to governmental agencies administering loan reporting agency,’ because the creditor does 
guarantee programs (or to other prospective not provide the information for ‘‘fees, dues,
grantors or purchasers), or to other par- or on a cooperative nonprofit basis,’’ but
ties whose approval is needed before it only rather pays the bureau to verify the informa-
grants credit, or to another creditor for use tion when it provides a consumer report to
in considering a consumer’s loan application the applicant.
at the consumer’s request, the lender does    Section 603(f) defines file, when used in
not become a consumer reporting agency by connection with information on any con-
virtue of such action. An agent or employee sumer, to mean ‘‘all of the information on
that obtains consumer reports does not be- that consumer recorded and retained by a
come a consumer reporting agency by shar- consumer reporting agency regardless of how
ing such reports with its principal or em- the information is stored.’’
                                                                                        552