Pt. 600, App.                                                                                                                          16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

and by section 603(h) (which defines ‘‘employment purposes’’). Therefore, ‘‘permissible purposes’’ relating to employment include reports used for evaluating a consumer ‘‘for employment, promotion, reassignment or retention as an employee.’’ D. Other purposes. ‘‘Other purposes’’ are referred to in section 603(m) and covered by section 604(a)(3), as well as sections 604(f), 604(g), and 604(i)(1)(B), which contain specific purposes not involving credit, insurance, employment. Permissible purposes relating to section 604(a)(3)(E) are limited to transactions that consumers enter into primarily for personal, family or household purposes (excluding credit, insurance or employment, which are specifically covered by other subsections discussed above). The FCRA does not cover reports furnished for transactions that consumers enter into primarily in connection with businesses they operate (e.g., a consumer’s rental of equipment for use in his retail store).

2. Relation to Other Sections A. Section 604. Section 604 requires consumer reporting agencies to keep information confidential by furnishing consumer reports only for the purposes listed in section 604, and to follow specified, reasonable procedures to achieve this end. Section 619 provides criminal sanctions against any person who knowingly and willfully obtains information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretenses. B. Section 606. Section 606 allows ‘‘consumer reporting agencies’ to furnish governmental agencies reports identifying information concerning consumers, notwithstanding the limitations of section 604. Section 605(h)—A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report in response to the order of a court having jurisdiction to issue such an order.’’

1. Subpoena

 A subpoena, including a grand jury subpoena, is not an ‘‘order of a court” unless signed by a judge.

2. Internal Revenue Service Summons

An I.R.S. summons is an exception to the requirement that an order be signed by a judge before it constitutes an ‘‘order of a court’’ under this section, because a 1976 revision to Federal statutes (26 U.S.C. 7609) specifically requires a consumer reporting agency to furnish a consumer report in response to an I.R.S. summons upon receipt of the agency’s I.R.S. certificate that the consumer has not filed a timely motion to quash the summons. Section 604(b)—A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report ‘‘in accordance with the written instructions of the consumer to whom it relates.’’

1. No Other Permissible Purpose Needed

If the report subject furnishes written authorization for a report, that creates a permissible purpose for furnishing the report.

2. Refusal To Furnish Report

The consumer reporting agency may refuse to furnish the report because the statute is permissive, not mandatory. (Requirements that consumer reporting agencies make disclosure to consumers (as contrasted with furnishing reports to users) are discussed under sections 609 and 610, infra.) Section 604(a)(3)(A)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report ‘‘to a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information in connection with a credit transaction involving the consumer on whom the information is to be furnished and involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an account of, the consumer’’

 1. Reports Sought in Connection with the ‘Review or Collection of an Account’ 

A. Reports for collection. A collection agency has a permissible purpose under this section to receive a consumer report on a consumer for use in attempting to collect the consumer’s debt, regardless of whether that debt is assigned or referred for collection. Similarly, a detective agency or a private investigator, attempting to collect a debt owed by a consumer, would have a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on that individual for use in collecting that debt. An attorney may obtain a consumer report in connection with a decision whether to sue that individual to collect an unpaid account. B. Unsolicited reports. A consumer reporting agency may not send an unsolicited consumer report to the recipient of a previous report on the same consumer, because the recipient will not necessarily have a permissible purpose to receive the unsolicited report.2 For example, the recipient may have rejected the consumer’s application or ceased to do business with the consumer. (See also discussion in section 607, item 2G, infra.)

2. Judgment Creditors 

A judgment creditor has a permissible purpose to receive a consumer report on the judgment debtor for use in connection with the collection of the judgment debt, because it is
                                                                                                                                                                                                            2Of course a consumer reporting agency must furnish notifications required under section 611(d), upon the consumer’s requests, to prior recipients of reports containing disputed information that is deleted or that is the subject of a dispute statement under section 611(b).                                                                                     554