Pt. 698, App. E							    16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

Para información en espańol, visite www.consumer.gov/idtheft o escribe a la FTC, Consumer
Response Center, Room 130-B, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20580.

                               Remedying the Effects of Identity Theft

     You are receiving this information because you have notified a consumer reporting
agency that you believe that you are a victim of identity theft. Identity theft occurs when
someone uses your name, Social Security number, date of birth, or other identifying information,
without authority, to commit fraud. For example, someone may have committed identity theft by
using your personal information to open a credit card account or get a loan in your name. For
more information, visit www.consumer.gov/idtheft or write to: FTC, Consumer Response
Center, Room 130-B, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20580.

     The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) gives you specific rights when you are, or believe
that you are, the victim of identity theft. Here is a brief summary of the rights designed to help
you recover from identity theft.

You have the right to ask that nationwide consumer reporting agencies place “fraud
   alerts” in your file to let potential creditors and others know that you may be a victim of
   identity theft. A fraud alert can make it more difficult for someone to get credit in your
   name because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you. It also may
   delay your ability to obtain credit. You may place a fraud alert in your file by calling just
   one of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies. As soon as that agency
   processes your fraud alert, it will notify the other two, which then also must place fraud
   alerts in your file.

•	Equifax: 1-800-XXX-XXXX; www.equifax.com
•	Experian: 1-800-XXX-XXXX; www.experian.com
•	TransUnion: 1-800-XXX-XXXX; www.transunion.com

  An initial fraud alert stays in your file for at least 90 days. An extended alert stays in your
  file for seven years.  To place either of these alerts, a consumer reporting agency will
  require you to provide appropriate proof of your identity, which may include your Social
  Security number. If you ask for an extended alert, you will have to provide an identity
  theft report. An identity theft report includes a copy of a report you have filed with a
  federal, state, or local law enforcement agency, and additional information a consumer
  reporting agency may require you to submit. For more detailed information about the
  identity theft report, visit www.consumer.gov/idtheft .

You have the right to free copies of the information in your file (your “file
  disclosure”).  An initial fraud alert entitles you to a copy of all the information in your
  file at each of the three nationwide agencies, and an extended alert entitles you to two free
  file disclosures in a 12-month period following the placing of the alert. These additional
  disclosures may help you detect signs of fraud, for example, whether fraudulent accounts
  have been opened in your name or whether someone has reported a change in your
  address. Once a year, you also have the right to a free copy of the information in your file.