Federal Trade Commission

5. "Used or Expected to be Used or Collected in Whole or in Part for the Purpose of Serving as a Factor in Establishing the Consumer's Eligibility * * *"

A. Law enforcement bulletins. Bulletins that are limited to a series of descriptions, sometimes accompanied by photographs, of individuals who are being sought by law enforcement authorities for alleged crimes are a series of "consumer reports" because they have not been collected for use in evaluating consumers for credit, insurance, employment or other consumer purposes, and it cannot reasonably be anticipated they will be used for such purposes.

B. Directories. Telephone directories and city directories, to the extent they only provide information regarding name, address and phone number, marital status, home ownership, and number of children, are not "consumer reports," because the information is not used or expected to be used in evaluating consumers for credit, insurance, employment or other purposes and does not reflect on a consumer's credit worthiness, credit standing or credit capacity. A directory of individuals with checking accounts is not a series of consumer reports because the information does not bear on credit worthiness or any of the other factors. A trade directory, such as a list of insurance agents licensed to do business in a state, is not a series of consumer reports because it is commercial information that would be used for commercial purposes.

C. Use of prior consumer report in preparation. A report that would not otherwise be a consumer report may be a consumer report, notwithstanding the purpose for which it is furnished, if it includes a prior consumer report, or information from consumer report files, because it would contain some information "collected in whole or in part" for consumer reporting purposes. For example, an insurance claims report would be a consumer report if a consumer report (or information from a consumer report) were used to prepare it. (See discussion, infra, in item 6-C under this subsection.)

D. Use of report for purposes not anticipated by the reporting party. The question arises whether a report that is not otherwise a consumer report is subject to the FCRA because the recipient subsequently uses the report for a permissible purpose. If the reporting party's procedures are such that it neither knows nor should reasonably anticipate such use, the report is not a consumer report. If a reporting party has taken reasonable steps to insure that its report is not used for such a purpose, and if it neither knows of, nor can reasonably anticipate such use, the report should not be deemed a consumer report by virtue of its use by the reporting party's control. A reporting party might establish that it does not reasonably anticipate such use of the report by requiring the recipient to certify that the report will not be used for the purposes listed in section 604. (Such procedure may be compared to the requirement in section 607(a), discussed infra, that consumer reporting agencies furnish consumer reports require that prospective users certify the purposes for which the information is sought and certify that the information will be used for no other purpose.) For example, a claims reporting service could use such a certification to avoid having its insurance claims reports deemed "consumer reports" if the report recipient/insurer were to use the report later for "underwriting purposes" under section 604(3)(c), such as terminating insurance coverage or raising the premium.

6. "(E)stablishing the Consumer's Eligibility for (1) Credit or Insurance to be Used Primarily for Personal, Family or Household Purposes or (2) Employment Purposes, or (3) Other Purposes Authorized Under Section 604"

A. Relation to section 604. Because section 603(d) refers to "purposes authorized under section 604" (often described as "permissible purposes" of consumer reports), some of which overlap purposes enumerated in section 603 (e.g., 603(d)(1) and 603(d)(2)), sections 603 and 604 must be construed together to determine what are "consumer reports" and "permissible purposes" under the two sections. See discussion infra.

B. Commercial credit or insurance report on a consumer for credit or insurance in connection with a business operated by the consumer is not a "consumer report," because section 604 does not apply to it.

C. Insurance claims report. (It is assumed that information in private claim reports is not used in claims reports. See discussion, supra, in item 6-C under this subsection.) Reports provided by insurance services to loss evaluation services solely to determine the validity of insurance claims are not consumer reports, because section 603(d)(2)(C) specifically sets forth only underwriting (not claims) as an insurance-related purpose, and section 604(3)(c) addresses specifically unique eligibility insurance and no other insurance-related purposes. To construe section 604(3)(c) as including claims furnished in connection with insurance claims would be to extend the specific language of sections 604(3)(C) and 603(d).

D. Use of employment purposes. A report that is used or is expected to be used or collected in whole or in part in connection with establishing a consumer's eligibility for "promotion, reassignment or retention," as well as to evaluate a job applicant, is a consumer report because section 603(d)(3)(B) and section 604(b) use the term "employment purposes," which section 603(h) defines to include these situations.

549