Federal Trade Commission

notifying such persons of the deletion of in- 
formation which is found to be inaccurate or 
which can no longer be verified."
1. Irrelevance of Subsequent Grant of Credit 
or Reason for Denial
A consumer denied credit because of a con-
sumer report from a consumer reporting 
agency has the right to a free disclosure 
from that agency within 30 days of receipt of 
the section 615(a) notice, even if credit was 
subsequently granted or the basis of the de-
nial was that the references supplied by the 
consumer are too few or too new to appear in 
the credit file.
2. Charge for Reinvestigation Prohibited
This section does not permit consumer re-
porting agencies to charge for making the 
reinvestigation or following other proce-
dures required by section 611 (a)-(c).
3. Permissible Charges for Services 
Requested by Consumers
A consumer reporting agency may charge 
fees for creating files on consumers at their 
request, or for other services not required by 
the FCRA that are requested by consumers.
Section 613—Public Record Information for 
Employment Purposes
"A consumer reporting agency which fur-
nishes a consumer report for employment 
purposes and which for that purpose com-
piles and reports items of information on 
consumers which are matters of public 
record and are likely to have an adverse ef-
fect upon a consumer's ability to obtain em-
ployment shall—
 (1) at the time such public record information 
is reported to the user of such consumer 
report, notify the consumer of the fact that 
public record information is being reported 
by the consumer reporting agency, together 
with the name and address of the person to 
whom such information is being reported; or 
 (2) maintain strict procedures designed to 
insure that whenever public record informa-
tion which is likely to have an adverse effect 
on a consumer's ability to obtain employ-
ment is reported it is complete and up to 
date. For purposes of this paragraph, items 
of public record relating to arrests, indict-
ments, convictions, suits, tax liens, and out-
standing judgments shall be considered up to 
date if the current public record status of 
the item at the time of the report is re-
ported."
1. Relation to Other Sections
A consumer reporting agency that com-
plies with section 613(1) must also follow rea-
sonable procedures to assure maximum pos-
sible accuracy, as required by section 607(b).
2. Alternate Methods of Compliance
A consumer reporting agency that fur-
nishes public record information for employ-
ment purposes must comply with either sub-
section (1) or (2), but need not comply with 
both.
3. Information From Another Consumer 
Reporting Agency
If a consumer reporting agency uses infor-
mation or reports from other consumer re-
porting agencies in a report for employment 
purposes, it must comply with this section.
4. Method of Providing Notice 
A consumer reporting agency may use first 
class mail to provide the notice required by 
subsection (1).
5. Waiver
The procedures required by this section 
cannot be waived by the consumer to whom 
the report relates.
Section 614—Restrictions on Investigative 
Consumer Reports
"Whenever a consumer reporting agency 
prepares an investigative consumer report, 
no adverse information in the consumer re-
port (other than information which is a mat-
ter of public record) may be included in a 
subsequent consumer report unless such ad-
verse information has been verified in the 
process of making such subsequent consumer 
report, or the adverse information was re-
ceived within the three-month period pre-
ceding the date the subsequent report is fur-
nished."
Section 615—Requirements on Users of 
Consumer Reports
(a) Whenever credit or insurance for per-
sonal, family, or household purposes, or em-
ployment involving a consumer is denied or 
the charge for such credit or insurance is in-
creased either wholly or partly because of in-
formation contained in a consumer report 
from a consumer reporting agency, the user 
of the consumer report shall so advise the 
consumer against whom such adverse action 
has been taken and supply the name and ad-
dress of the consumer reporting agency mak-
ing the report.
(h) Whenever credit for personal, family, or 
household purposes involving a consumer is 
denied or the charge for such credit is in-
creased either wholly or partly because of in-
formation obtained from a person other than 
a consumer reporting agency bearing upon 
the consumer's credit worthiness, credit 
standing, credit capacity, character, general 
reputation, personal characteristics, or mode 
of living, the user of such information shall, 
within a reasonable period of time, upon the 
consumer's written request for the reasons 
569