Federal Trade Commission                    Pt. 698, App. H

VIII. OBLIGATIONS OF RESELLERS

    A. Disclosure and Certification Requirements
       Section 607(e) requires any person who obtains a consumer report for resale to take the following steps:

           • Disclose the identity of the end-user to the source CRA.
           • Identify to the source CRA each permissible purpose for which the report will be
             furnished to the end-user.
           • Establish and follow reasonable procedures to ensure that reports are resold only 
             for permissible purposes, including procedures to obtain:
                 (1) the identity of all end-users;
                 (2) certifications from all users of each purpose for which reports will be used;
                     and
                 (3) certifications that reports will not be used for any purpose other than the
                     purpose(s) specified to the reseller. Resellers must make reasonable efforts to 
                     verify this information before selling the report.

    B. Reinvestigations by Resellers

         Under Section 611(f), if a consumer disputes the accuracy or completeness of 
         information in a report prepared by a reseller, the reseller must determine whether this is a 
         result of an error or omission on its part and, if so, correct or delete the information. If not, 
         the reseller must send the dispute to the source CRA for reinvestigation. When any CRA 
         notifies the reseller of the results of an investigation, the reseller must immediately convey 
         the information to the consumer.

    C. Fraud Alerts and Resellers

         Section 605A(f) requires resellers who receive fraud alerts or active duty alerts from 
         another consumer reporting agency to include these in their reports.

IX. LIABILITY FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE FCRA

        Failure to comply with the FCRA can result in state government or federal 
        government enforcement actions, as well as private lawsuits. Sections 616, 617, and 621. In 
        addition, any person who knowingly and willfully obtains a consumer report under false 
        pretenses may face criminal prosecution. Section 619.

                                                                                                                                                           657