§ E. Bad check lists. A report indicating that an individual has issued bad checks, provided by printed list or otherwise, to a business for use in determining whether to accept consumers’ checks tendered in transactions primarily for personal, family or household purposes, is a consumer report. The information furnished bears on consumers’ character, general reputation and personal characteristics, and it is used or expected to be used in connection with business transactions involving consumers.

F. Tenant screening reports. A report used to determine whether to rent a residence to a consumer is a consumer report, because it is used for a business transaction that the consumer wishes to enter into for personal, family or household purposes.

7. Exclusions From the Definition of “Consumer Report”

A. “(Any) report containing information solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and the person making the report.”—(1) Examples of Sources. The exemption applies to consumer reports of transactions or experiences between the consumer and the entity making the report (e.g., retail stores, hospitals, present or former employers, banks, mortgage servicing companies, credit unions, or universities).

(2) Information beyond the reporting entity’s own transactions or experiences with the consumer. The exemption does not apply to reports that include elsewhere information beyond their own transactions or experiences with the consumer. An example is a creditor’s report on a consumer’s report of the reasons it cancelled credit or insurance, based on information from an outside source.

(3) Opinions Concerning Transactions or Experiences

The exemption applies to reports that are not limited to the facts, but also include opinions (e.g., use of the term “slow pay” to describe a consumer’s transactions with a creditor), as long as the facts underlying the opinions involve only transactions or experiences between the consumer and the reporting entity.

B. “(Any) authorization or approval of a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly by the issuer of a credit card or similar device.”—(1) General. The exemption applies to a credit or debit card issuer’s written, oral, or electronic communication of its decision whether or not to authorize a charge, in response to a request from a merchant or other party that the consumer has asked to honor the card.

C. “(Any) report in which a person who has been requested by a third party to make a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly to the consumer conveys his decision with respect to such request, if the third party advises the consumer of the name and address of the person to whom the request was made and such person makes the disclosure to the consumer required under section 615.”—(1) General. The exemption covers retailers’ attempts to obtain credit for their individual customers from an outside source (such as a bank or a finance company). The communication by the financial institution of its decision whether to extend credit is not a “consumer report” if the retailer informes the customer of the name and address of the financial institution to which the application information was offered and the financial institution makes the disclosures required by section 615 of the Act. Such disclosures must be made only when there is a denial of, or increase in the charge for, credit or insurance. (See discussion of section 615, item 10, infra.)

(2) Information included in the exemption. The exemption is not limited to a simple “yes” or “no” response, but includes the information constituting the basis for the credit denial, because it applies to “any report.”

(3) How third party creditors ensure that the appropriate disclosures are made. Various requested by dealers or merchants who seek to make specific extensions of credit, can ensure that communication of their decision back to the dealer or merchant will be exempt under this section from the term “consumer report,” by having written agreements that require such parties to inform the consumer of the creditor’s name and address and by complying with any applicable provisions of the Act. Section 603(d) defines “investigative consumer report” as a “consumer report or portion thereof in which information on a consumer’s character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living is obtained through personal interviews with neighbors, friends, or associates of the consumer reported on or with others with whom he is acquainted or who may have knowledge concerning such items of information.” However, such information shall not include specific factual information on a consumer’s credit record obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from a consumer reporting agency when such information was obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from the consumer.

I. Relation to Other Sections

The terms investigative consumer report denotes a subset of “consumer report” for which the Act imposes additional requirements on recipients and consumer reporting agencies. Persons procuring “investigative consumer reports” must make certain disclosures to the consumers who are the subject of these reports, as required by section 606. Consumer reporting agencies must comply with section 614, when furnishing “investigative consumer reports” containing adverse information that is not a matter of public record. Consumer