Pt. 600, App.
16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

(c) No person may be held liable for any violatoin of subsection (a) or (b) of this sec-
tion if he shows by a preponderance of the
evidence that at the time of the violation he
maintained reasonable procedures to assure
compliance with subsection (a) or (b)."

1. Relation to Other Sections

The term investigative consumer report is de-
fined at section 603(e) to mean a consumer
report, all or a portion of which contains in-
formation obtained through personal inter-
views (in person or by telephone) with per-
sons other than the subject, which informa-
tion relates to the subject's character, gen-
eral reputation, personal characteristics or
mode of living.

2. Inapplicability to Consumer Reporting
Agencies

The section applies only to report users,
not consumer reporting agencies. The FCRA
does not require consumer reporting agen-
cies to inform consumers that information
will be gathered or that report will be fur-
nished concerning them.

3. Inapplicability to Noninvestigative
Consumer Reports

The section does not apply to noninvest-
gative reports.

4. Exemptions

An employer who orders investigative con-
sumer reports on a current employee who
has not applied for a job change need not no-
tify the employee, because the term "em-
ployment purposes" is defined to include
"promotion, reassignment or retention" and
subsection (b) provides that the disclosure
requirements do not apply to "employment
purposes for which the consumer has not spe-
cifically applied."

5. Form and Delivery of Notice

The notice must be in writing and deliv-
ered to the consumer. The user may include
the disclosure in an application for employ-
ment, insurance, or credit, if it is clear and
conspicuous and not obscured by other lan-
guage. A user may send the required notice
via first class mail. The notice must be
mailed or otherwise delivered to the con-
sumer not later than three days after the re-
port was first requested.

6. Content of Notice of Right to Disclosure

The notice must clearly and accurately
disclose that an "investigative consumer re-
port" including information as to the con-
sumer's character, general reputation, per-
sonal characteristics and mode of living
(whichever are applicable), may be made.
The disclosure must also state that an inves-
tigative consumer report involves personal

560