§ 680.28

(ii) Any time after the expiration of the opt-out period but before solicitations that would have been prohibited by the expired opt-out are made to the consumer.

(2) Combination with annual privacy notice. If you provide an annual privacy notice under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq., providing a renewal notice with the last annual privacy notice provided to the consumer before expiration of the opt-out period is a reasonable period of time before expiration of the opt-out in all cases.

(d) No effect on opt-out period. An opt-out period may not be shortened by sending a renewal notice to the consumer before expiration of the opt-out period, even if the consumer does not renew the opt out.

§ 680.28 Effective date, compliance date, and prospective application.

(a) Effective date. This part is effective January 1, 2008. (b) Mandatory compliance date. Compliance with this part is required not later than October 1, 2008.

(c) Prospective application. The provisions of this part shall not prohibit you from using eligibility information that you receive from an affiliate to solicit solicitations to a consumer if you receive such information prior to October 1, 2008. For purposes of this section, you are deemed to receive eligibility information when such information is placed into a common database and is accessible by you.

PART 681—IDENTITY THEFT RULES

Sec. 
681.1 Duties regarding the detection, prevention, and mitigation of identity theft. 681.2 Duties of card issuers regarding changes of address.

Appendix A to Part 681—Interagency Guidelines on Identity Theft Detection, Prevention, and Mitigation

Authority: Public Law 108-159, sec. 114; 15 U.S.C. 1681m(e).

Source: 72 FR 63771, Nov. 9, 2007, unless otherwise noted.

§681.1 Duties regarding the detection, prevention, and mitigation of identity theft.

(a) Scope. This section applies to financial institutions and creditors that are subject to administrative enforcement of the FCRA by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s(a)(l).

(b) Definitions. For purposes of this section, and Appendix A, the following definitions apply: 

(1) Account means a continuing relationship established by a person with a financial institution or creditor to obtain a product or service personal, family, household or business purposes. Account includes:
(i) An extension of credit, such as the purchase of property or services involving a deferred payment; and (ii) A deposit account.

(2) The term board of directors includes: (i) In the case of a branch or agency of a foreign bank, the managing official in charge of the branch or agency; and (ii) In the case of any other creditor that does not have a board of directors, a designated employee at the level of senior management. 

(3) Covered account means: (i) An account that a financial institution or creditor offers or maintains, primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, that involves or is designed to permit multiple payments or transactions, such as a credit card account, loan, margin account, cell phone account, utility account, checking account, or savings account; and: (ii) Any other account that the financial institution or creditor offers or maintains for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk to customers or to the safety and soundness of the financial institution or creditor from identity theft, including financial, operational, compliance, reputation, or litigation risks. 

(4) Credit has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(5). 

(5) Creditor has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(5), and includes lenders such as banks, finance companies, automobile dealers, mortgage

16 CFR Ch. I (1-1- 11 Edition)

618