Pt. 600, App.						16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

1. Relation to Other Sections
The presence of this provision does not excuse a consumer reporting agency’s failure to follow reasonable procedures, as required by section 607(a), to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to the purposes listed under section 604.

Section 620—Unauthorized Disclosures by Officers or Employees
Section 620 provides criminal sanctions against any officer or employee of a consumer reporting agency who knowingly and willfully provides information concerning an individual from the agency’s file to a person not authorized to receive it.

Section 621—Administrative Enforcement
This section gives the Federal Trade Commission authority to enforce the Act with respect to consumer reporting agencies, users of reports, and all others, except to the extent that it gives enforcement jurisdiction consigned to some other agency. Those exceptions follow: The Commission’s enforcement jurisdiction include certain financial institutions regulated by Federal agencies or subagencies, Federal credit unions, common carriers subject to acts to regulate commerce, air carriers, and parties subject to the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921.

1. General
The Commission can use its cease-and-desist and other procedural, investigative and enforcement powers which it has under the FTC Act to secure compliance, irrespective of commerce or any other jurisdictional tests in the FTC Act.

2. Geographic Coverage
The Commission’s authority encompasses the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and all United States territories but does not extend to activities outside those areas.

3. Status of Commission Commentary and Staff Interpretations
The FCRA does not give any Federal agency authority to promulgate rules having the force and effect, of statutory provisions. The Commission has issued this Commentary, supplementing the eight formal Interpretations of the Act (16 CFR 600.1-600.8), previously issued pursuant to § 1.73 of the Commission’s Rules, 16 CFR 1.73. The Commentary does not constitute substantive rules and does not have the force of statutory provisions. It constitutes guidelines to clarify the Act. They are advisory in nature and represent the Commission’s views as to what particular provisions of the Act mean. Staff opinion letters constitute staff interpretations of the Act’s provisions, but do not have the force or effect of statutory provisions and, as provided in § 1.72 of the Commission’s Rules, 16 CFR 1.72, do not bind the Commission.

Section 622—Relation to State Laws
“This title does not annul, alter, affect, or exempt any person subject to the provisions of this title from complying with the laws of any State with respect to the collection, distribution, or use of any information on consumers, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this title, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency.”

1. Basic Rule
State law is pre-empted by the FCRA only when compliance with inconsistent State law would result in violation of the FCRA.

2. Examples of Statutes that are not Pre-empted
A State law requirement that an employer provide notice to a consumer before requesting a consumer report, or that a consumer reporting agency provide the consumer with a written copy of his file, would not be pre-empted, because a party could comply with such provisions and not violate the FCRA.

3. Examples of Statutes that are Pre-empted
A State law authorizing grand juries to compel consumer reporting agencies to provide consumer reports, by means of a subpœna signed by a court clerk, is pre-empted by the FCRA’s requirement that such reports be furnished only pursuant to an “order of the court” signed by a judge (section 610(f)), or furnished for use by the consumer reporting agency in response to grand jury subpœnas (sections 608(2)- (3)), and by section 610(a). A State statute requiring automatic disclosure of a deletion or disputed statement to ever consumer report previously received a consumer report containing the disputed information, regardless of whether the consumer has designated persons to receive this disclosure, is pre-empted by section 604 of the FCRA, which permits disclosure only for specified, permissible purposes and by section 607(a), which requires consumer reporting agencies to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to persons listed under section 604. Absent a specific designation by the consumer, the consumer reporting agency need not and should not tell past recipients who have a current, permissible purpose to receive the reports.

4. Statute Providing Access for Enforcement Purposes
A State “little FCRA” that permits State officials access to a consumer reporting agency’s files for the purpose of enforcing 572