Federal Trade Commission                                                          § 680.24

treated as applying to all of the associ-       (1) By mail. The opt-out notice is
ated joint consumers, or each joint      mailed to the consumer. The consumer
consumer may be permitted to opt out     is given 30 days from the date the no-
separately. If each joint consumer is    tice is mailed to elect to opt out by
permitted to opt out separately, one of  any reasonable means.
the joint consumers must be permitted          (2) By electronic means. (i) The opt-out
to opt out on behalf of all of the joint  notice is provided electronically to the
consumers and the joint consumers        consumer, such as by posting the no-
must be permitted to exercise their      tice at an Internet Web site at which
separate rights to opt out in a single   the consumer has obtained a product or
response.                                service. The consumer acknowledges
      (ii) It is impermissible to require all receipt of the electronic notice. The
joint consumers to opt out before im-    consumer is given 30 days after the
plementing any opt-out direction.        date the consumer acknowledges re-
      (3) Alternative contents. If the con- ceipt to elect to opt out by any reason-
sumer is afforded a broader right to opt able means.
out of receiving marketing than is re-          (ii) The opt-out notice is provided to
quired by this part, the requirements    the consumer by e-mail where the con-
of this section may be satisfied by pro- sumer has agreed to receive disclosures
viding the consumer with a clear, con-   by e-mail from the person sending the
spicuous, and concise notice that accu-  notice. The consumer is given 30 days
rately discloses the consumer's opt-out  after the e-mail is sent to elect to opt
rights.                                  out by any reasonable means.
      (4) Model notices. Model notices are       (3) At the time of an electronic trans-
provided in Appendix C of Part 698 of    action. The opt-out notice is provided
this chapter.                            to the consumer at the time of an elec-
      (b) Coordinated and consolidated no- tronic transaction, such as a trans-
tices. A notice required by this part    action conducted on an Internet Web
may be coordinated and consolidated      site. The consumer is required to de-
with any other notice or disclosure re-  cide, as a necessary part of proceeding
quired to be issued under any other      with the transaction, whether to opt
provision of law by the entity pro-      out before completing the transaction.
viding the notice, including but not     There is a simple process that the con-
limited to the notice de-scribed in sec- sumer may use to opt out that is com-
tion 603(d)(2)(A)(iii) of the Act and the pleted using the same mechanism
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act privacy no-       through which the transaction is con-
tice.                                    ducted. 
      (c) Equivalent notices. A notice or       (4) At the time of an in-person trans-
other disclosure that is equivalent to   action. The opt-out notice is provided
the notice required by this part, and    to the consumer in writing at the time
that is provided to a consumer to-       of an in-person transaction. The con-
gether with disclosures required by any  sumer is required to decide, as a nec-
other provision of law, satisfies the    essary part of proceeding with the
requirements of this section.            transaction, whether to opt out before
                                         completing the transaction, and is not
§ 680.24  Reasonable opportunity to opt  permitted to complete the transaction
              out.                       without making a choice. There is a
      (a) In general. You must not use eligi- simple process that the consumer may
bility information about a consumer      use during the course of the in-person
that you receive from an affiliate to    transaction to opt out, such as com-
make a solicitation to the consumer      pleting a form that requires consumers
about your products or services, unless  to write a ''yes'' or ''no'' to indicate their
the consumer is provided a reasonable    opt-out preference or that requires the
opportunity to opt out, as required by   consumer to check one of two blank
§ 680.21(a)(1)(ii) of this part.         check boxes—one that allows con-
      (b) Examples of a reasonable oppor- sumers to indicate that they want to
tunity to opt out. The consumer is given opt out and one that allows consumers
a reasonable opportunity to opt out if:  to indicate that they do not want to
                                         opt out.   

                                                                       615