122 STAT. 3774

PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

(a), waived any provision of the Federal Acquisition Regulation 
pertaining to minority contracting, the Secretary shall develop and 
implement standards and procedures to ensure, to the maximum 
extent practicable, the inclusion and utilization of minorities (as 
such term is defined in section 1204(c) of the Financial Institutions 
Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1811 
note)) and women, and minority- and women-owned businesses 
(as such terms are defined in section 21A(r)(4) of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a(r)(4)), in that solicitation 
or contract, including contracts to asset managers, servicers, prop- 
erty managers, and other service providers or expert consultants. 
(c) ELIGIBILITY OF FDIC.—Notwithstanding subsections (a) and 
(b), the Corporation— 
(1) shall be eligible for, and shall be considered in, the 
selection of asset managers for residential mortgage loans and 
residential mortgage-backed securities; and 
(2) shall be reimbursed by the Secretary for any services 
provided. 

SEC. 108. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. 
(a) STANDARDS REQUIRED.—The Secretary shall issue regula- 
tions or guidelines necessary to address and manage or to prohibit 
conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with the adminis- 
tration and execution of the authorities provided under this Act,
including—
(1) conflicts arising in the selection or hiring of contractors or advisors, including asset managers;
(2) the purchase of troubled assets;
(3) the management of the troubled assets held;
(4) post-employment restrictions on employees; and
(5) any other potential conflict of interest, as the Secretary 
deems necessary or appropriate in the public interest. 
(b) TIMING.—Regulations or guidelines required by this section 
shall be issued as soon as practicable after the date of enactment 
of this Act. 

SEC. 109. FORECLOSURE MITIGATION EFFORTS. 
(a) RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN SERVICING STANDARDS.—To 
the extent that the Secretary acquires mortgages, mortgage backed 
securities, and other assets secured by residential real estate, 
including multifamily housing, the Secretary shall implement a 
plan that seeks to maximize assistance for homeowners and use 
the authority of the Secretary to encourage the servicers of the 
underlying mortgages, considering net present value to the tax- 
payer, to take advantage of the HOPE for Homeowners Program 
under section 257 of the National Housing Act or other available 
programs to minimize foreclosures. In addition, the Secretary may 
use loan guarantees and credit enhancements to facilitate loan 
modifications to prevent avoidable foreclosures. 
(b) COORDINATION.—The Secretary shall coordinate with the 
Corporation, the Board (with respect to any mortgage or mortgage- 
backed securities or pool of securities held, owned, or controlled 
by or on behalf of a Federal reserve bank, as provided in section 
110(a)(1)(C)), the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the Secretary 
of Housing and Urban Development, and other Federal Government 
entities that hold troubled assets to attempt to identify opportuni- 
ties for the acquisition of classes of troubled assets that will improve 
the ability of the Secretary to improve the loan modification and