122 STAT. 3904		PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

	“(iv) the commitment of the contractor to hiring 
		highly qualified workers and local residents.
	“(3) MERCHANTABLE TIMBER CONTRACTING PILOT PROGRAM.—
		“(A) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary concerned shall 
			establish a pilot program to implement a certain percentage 
			of approved projects involving the sale of merchantable 
			timber using separate contracts for—
				“(i) the harvesting or collection of merchantable 
					timber; and 
				“(ii) the sale of the timber.
		“(B) ANNUAL PERCENTAGES.—Under the pilot program, 
			the Secretary concerned shall ensure that, on a nationwide 
			basis, not less than the following percentage of all approved 
			projects involving the sale of merchantable timber are 
			implemented using separate contracts:
				“(i) For fiscal year 2008, 35 percent.
				“(ii) For fiscal year 2009, 45 percent.
				“(iii) For each of fiscal years 2010 and 2011, 50 
					percent.
		“(C) INCLUSION IN PILOT PROGRAM.—The decision 
			whether to use separate contracts to implement a project 
			involving the sale of merchantable timber shall be made 
			by the Secretary concerned after the approval of the pilot 
			under this title.
		“(D) ASSISTANCE.—
			“(i) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary concerned may 
				use funds from any appropriated account available to 
				the Secretary for the Federal lands subject to the 
				adminstration of projects conducted under this pilot 
				program.
			“(ii) MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE.—The total 
				amount obligated under this subparagraph may not 
				exceed $1,000,000 for any fiscal year during which 
				the pilot program is in effect.
		“(E) REVIEW AND REPORT.—
			“(i) INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than September 
				30, 2010, the Comptroller General shall submit to the 
				Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry 
				and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and 
				the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Resources 
				of the House of Representatives a report assessing 
				the pilot program.
			“(ii) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Secretary concerned 
				shall submit to the Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, 
				and Forestry and Energy and Natural Resources 
				of the Senate and the Committees on Agriculture and 
				Natural Resources of the House of Representatives 
				an annual report describing the results of the pilot 
				program.
	“(f) REQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.—The Secretary shall 
		ensure that at least 50 percent of all project funds be used for 
		projects that are primarily dedicated—
			“(1) to road maintenance, decommissioning, or obliteration; 
				or 
			“(2) to restoration of streams and watersheds.