122 STAT. 3766            PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

Sec. 126. FDIC authority.
Sec. 127. Cooperation with the FBI.
Sec. 128. Acceleration of effective date.
Sec. 129. Disclosures on exercise of loan authority.
Sec. 130. Technical corrections.
Sec. 131. Exchange Stabilization Fund reimbursement.
Sec. 132. Authority to suspend mark-to-market accounting.
Sec. 133. Study on mark-to-market accounting.
Sec. 134. Recoupment.
Sec. 135. Preservation of authority.
Sec. 136. Temporary increase in deposit and share insurance coverage.

                      TITLE II—BUDGET-RELATED PROVISIONS

Sec. 201. Information for congressional support agencies.
Sec. 202. Reports by the Office of Management and Budget and the Congressional Budget Office.
Sec. 203. Analysis in President’s Budget.
Sec. 204. Emergency treatment.

                          TITLE III—TAX PROVISIONS

Sec. 301. Gain or loss from sale or exchange of certain preferred stock.
Sec. 302. Special rules for tax treatment of executive compensation of employers participating in the troubled assets relief program.
Sec. 303. Extension of exclusion of income from discharge of qualified principal residence indebtedness.

12 USC 5201.               SEC. 2. PURPOSES.
    The purposes of this Act are—
            (1) to immediately provide authority and facilities that
     the Secretary of the Treasury can use to restore liquidity and stability to the financial system of the United States; and
            (2) to ensure that such authority and such facilities are used in a manner that—
                  (A) protects home values, college funds, retirement accounts, and life savings;
                  (B) preserves homeownership and promotes jobs and economic growth;
                  (C) maximizes overall returns to the taxpayers of the United States; and
                  (D) provides public accountability for the exercise of such authority.

12 USC 5202.               SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS.
    For purposes of this Act, the following definitions shall apply:
          (1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS.—The term
     ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means—
                 (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on the Budget, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and
                 (B) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on the Budget, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.
          (2) BOARD.—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
          (3) CONGRESSIONAL SUPPORT AGENCIES.—The term
     ‘‘congressional support agencies’’ means the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation.
          (4) CORPORATION.—The term ‘‘Corporation’’ means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
          (5) FINANCIAL INSTITUTION.—The term ‘‘financial institution’’ means any institution, including, but not limited to, any