PUBLIC LAW 110-343-OCT. 3, 2008

(B) which does not have a preamble;
(C) the title of which is as follows: “Joint resolution
relating to the disapproval of obligations under the Emer-
gency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008’’; and
(D) the matter after the resolving clause of which
is as follows: “That Congress disapproves the obligation
of any amount exceeding the amounts obligated as
described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 115(a) of
the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.’’.
(d) FAST TRACK CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-
TIVES.—
(1) RECONVENING.—Upon receipt of a report under sub-
section (a)(3), the Speaker, if the House would otherwise be
adjourned, shall notify the Members of the House that, pur-
suant to this section, the House shall convene not later than
the second calendar day after receipt of such report;
(2) REPORTING AND DISCHARGE.—Any committee of the
House of Representatives to which a joint resolution is referred
shall report it to the House not later than 5 calendar days
after the date of receipt of the report described in subsection
(a)(3). If a committee fails to report the joint resolution within
that period, the committee shall be discharged from further
consideration of the joint resolution and the joint resolution
shall be referred to the appropriate calendar.
(3) PROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION.—After each committee
authorized to consider a joint resolution reports it to the House
or has been discharged from its consideration (or, in the case
of a committee to which a joint resolution was referred that
fails to report or be discharged in the period described in para-
graph (2)), it shall be in order, not later than the sixth day after Congress receives
the report described in subsection (a)(3), to move to proceed
to consider the joint resolution in the House. All points of
order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall
not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion
to proceed on the joint resolution. The previous question shall
be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption with-
out intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A
motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed
of shall not be in order.
(4) CONSIDERATION.—The joint resolution shall be consid-
ered as read. All points of order against the joint resolution
and against its consideration are waived. The previous question
shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution to its
passage without intervening motion except two hours of debate
equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an oppo-
nent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the joint
resolution shall not be in order.
(e) FAST TRACK CONSIDERATION IN SENATE.—
(1) RECONVENING.—Upon receipt of a report under sub-
section (a)(3), if the Senate has adjourned or recessed for more
than 2 days, the majority leader of the Senate, after consulta-
tion with the minority leader of the Senate, shall notify the
Members of the Senate that, pursuant to this section, the
Senate shall convene not later than the second calendar day
after receipt of such message.
(2) PLACEMENT ON CALENDAR.—Upon introduction in the
Senate, the joint resolution shall be placed immediately on
the calendar.
(3) FLOOR CONSIDERATION.—