122 STAT. 3780            PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

                                       SEC. 114. MARKET TRANSPARENCY.
12 USC 5224.              (a) PRICING.—To facilitate market transparency, the Secretary
Public                       shall make available to the public, in electronic form, a description,
information.             amounts, and pricing of assets acquired under this Act, within
Deadline.                   2 business days of purchase, trade, or other disposition.
                                  (b) DISCLOSURE.—For each type of financial institutions that
                            sells troubled assets to the Secretary under this Act, the Secretary
                         shall determine whether the public disclosure required for such
                         financial institutions with respect to off-balance sheet transactions,
                         derivatives instruments, contingent liabilities, and similar sources
                        of potential exposure is adequate to provide to the public sufficient
                        information as to the true financial position of the institutions.
                          If such disclosure is not adequate for that purpose, the Secretary
                          shall make recommendations for additional disclosure requirements
                          to the relevant regulators.
12 USC 5225.         SEC. 115. GRADUATED AUTHORIZATION TO PURCHASE.
Effective dates.             (a) AUTHORITY.—The authority of the Secretary to purchase
                           troubled assets under this Act shall be limited as follows:
                                  (1) Effective upon the date of enactment of this Act, such
                     authority shall be limited to $250,000,000,000 outstanding at
                     any one time.
                                  (2) If at any time, the President submits to the Congress
                     a written certification that the Secretary needs to exercise
                   the authority under this paragraph, effective upon such submis-
                   sion, such authority shall be limited to $350,000,000,000 out-
                   standing at any one time.
                                 (3) If, at any time after the certification in paragraph
                   (2) has been made, the President transmits to the Congress
                    a written report detailing the plan of the Secretary to exercise
                        the authority under this paragraph, unless there is enacted,
                  within 15 calendar days of such transmission, a joint resolution
                        described in subsection (c), effective upon the expiration of
                    such 15-day period, such authority shall be limited to
                     $700,000,000,000 outstanding at any one time.
                             (b) AGGREGATION OF PURCHASE PRICES.—The amount of trou-
                       bled assets purchased by the Secretary outstanding at any one
                        time shall be determined for purposes of the dollar amount limita-
                        tions under subsection (a) by aggregating the purchase prices of
                        all troubled assets held.
                          (c) JOINT RESOLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL.—
                                  (1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of
                          this section, the Secretary may not exercise any authority to
                            make purchases under this Act with regard to any amount
                        in excess of $350,000,000,000 previously obligated, as described
                         in this section if, within 15 calendar days after the date on
                            which Congress receives a report of the plan of the Secretary
                         described in subsection (a)(3), there is enacted into law a joint
                           resolution disapproving the plan of the Secretary with respect
                          to such additional amount.
                                    (2) CONTENTS OF JOINT RESOLUTION.—For the purpose of
                            this section, the term "joint resolution" means only a joint
                            resolution—
                                            (A) that is introduced not later than 3 calendar days
                                                 after the date on which the report of the plan of the
                                                Secretary referred to in subsection (a)(3) is received by
                            Congress;