PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008  
                                                                                           122 STAT. 3891

more than an annual basis, an anonymous itemization 
of such notifications, that includes—
  ‘‘(i) a breakdown of States by the size and 
  type of employers submitting such notification; and
 ‘‘(ii) a summary of the data received under 
 clause (ii). 
  ‘‘(F) AUDITS BY APPROPRIATE AGENCIES.—To determine 
compliance with this paragraph, the Secretary may audit 
the books and records of a group health plan relating 
to an exemption, including any actuarial reports prepared 
pursuant to subparagraph (C), during the 6 year period 
following the notification of such exemption under subpara- 
graph (E). A State agency receiving a notification under 
subparagraph (E) may also conduct such an audit with 
respect to an exemption covered by such notification.’’; 
 (4) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
  ‘‘(4) MENTAL HEALTH BENEFITS.—The term ‘mental health 
 benefits’ means benefits with respect to services for mental 
 health conditions, as defined under the terms of the plan and 
 in accordance with applicable Federal and State law. 
  ‘‘(5) SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER BENEFITS.—The term ‘sub- 
 stance use disorder benefits’ means benefits with respect to 
 services for substance use disorders, as defined under the terms 
 of the plan and in accordance with applicable Federal and 
 State law.’’; 
 (5) by striking subsection (f); 
 (6) by striking ‘‘mental health benefits’’ and inserting 
 ‘‘mental health and substance use disorder benefits’’ each place 
 it appears in subsections (a)(1)(B)(ii), (a)(1)(C), (a)(2)(B)(i), and 
 (a)(2)(C); and 
 (7) by striking ‘‘mental health benefits’’ and inserting 
 ‘‘mental health or substance use disorder benefits’’ each place 
 it appears (other than in any provision amended by the previous 
 paragraph). 
(d) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and the Treasury shall issue regulations to carry out 
the amendments made by subsections (a), (b), and (c), respectively. 
 42 USC 300gg–5 
 note. 
(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
 (1) IN GENERAL.—The amendments made by this section 
 shall apply with respect to group health plans for plan years 
 beginning after the date that is 1 year after the date of enact- 
 ment of this Act, regardless of whether regulations have been 
 issued to carry out such amendments by such effective date, 
 except that the amendments made by subsections (a)(5), (b)(5), 
 and (c)(5), relating to striking of certain sunset provisions, 
 shall take effect on January 1, 2009. 
 42 USC 300gg–5 
 note. 
 (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE- 
 MENTS.—In the case of a group health plan maintained pursu- 
 ant to one or more collective bargaining agreements between 
 employee representatives and one or more employers ratified 
 before the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendments 
 made by this section shall not apply to plan years beginning 
 before the later of—