122 STAT. 3768           PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008                     
                         
                                   
Administration.          (i) TITLE 5.—Section 5315 of title 5, United States 
                         Code, is amended in the item relating to Assistant
                         Secretaries of the Treasury, by striking ‘‘(9)’’ and 
                         inserting ‘‘(10)’’.

                         (ii) TITLE 31.—Section 301(e) of title 31, United 
                         States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘9’’ and inserting 
                         ‘‘10’’.

                         (b) CONSULTATION.—In exercising the authority under this sec- 
                         tion, the Secretary shall consult with the Board, the Corporation, 
                         the Comptroller of the Currency, the Director of the Office of Thrift 
                         Supervision, the Chairman of the National Credit Union Adminis- 
                         tration Board, and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop- 
                         ment.

                         (c) NECESSARY ACTIONS.—The Secretary is authorized to take 
                         such actions as the Secretary deems necessary to carry out the 
                         authorities in this Act, including, without limitation, the following:
                         (1) The Secretary shall have direct hiring authority with 
                         respect to the appointment of employees to administer this 
                         Act.
Contracts.               (2) Entering into contracts, including contracts for services
                         authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code. 
Financial agents.        (3) Designating financial institutions as financial agents 
                         of the Federal Government, and such institutions shall perform 
                         all such reasonable duties related to this Act as financial agents 
                         of the Federal Government as may be required.
                         (4) In order to provide the Secretary with the flexibility 
                         to manage troubled assets in a manner designed to minimize 
                         cost to the taxpayers, establishing vehicles that are authorized, 
                         subject to supervision by the Secretary, to purchase, hold, and 
                         sell troubled assets and issue obligations.

Regulations.             (5) Issuing such regulations and other guidance as may 
                         be necessary or appropriate to define terms or carry out the 
                         authorities or purposes of this Act.

Publication.             (d) PROGRAM GUIDELINES.—Before the earlier of the end of 
Deadline.                the 2-business-day period beginning on the date of the first purchase 
                         of troubled assets pursuant to the authority under this section
                         or the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date of enactment 
                         of this Act, the Secretary shall publish program guidelines, 
                         including the following:
                         (1) Mechanisms for purchasing troubled assets. 
                         (2) Methods for pricing and valuing troubled assets. 
                         (3) Procedures for selecting asset managers. 
                         (4) Criteria for identifying troubled assets for purchase. 
                         (e) PREVENTING UNJUST ENRICHMENT.—In making purchases 
                         under the authority of this Act, the Secretary shall take such 
                         steps as may be necessary to prevent unjust enrichment of financial 
                         institutions participating in a program established under this sec- 
                         tion, including by preventing the sale of a troubled asset to the 
                         Secretary at a higher price than what the seller paid to purchase 
                         the asset. This subsection does not apply to troubled assets acquired 
                         in a merger or acquisition, or a purchase of assets from a financial 
                         institution in conservatorship or receivership, or that has initiated 
                         bankruptcy proceedings under title 11, United States Code.

12 USC 5212.              SEC. 102. INSURANCE OF TROUBLED ASSETS.


                         (a) AUTHORITY.—