PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that analyzes the specific rates, patterns, and trends in coverage and exclusion of specific mental health and substance use disorder diagnoses by health plans and health insurance. The study shall include an analysis of—
(A) specific coverage rates for all mental health conditions and substance use disorders;
(B) which diagnoses are most commonly covered or excluded;
(C) whether implementation of this Act has affected trends in coverage or exclusion of such diagnoses; and
(D) the impact of covering or excluding specific diagnoses on participants’ and enrollees’ health, their health care coverage, and the costs of delivering health care.
(2) REPORTS.—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and 2 years after the date of submission of the first report under this paragraph, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1).

TITLE VI—OTHER PROVISIONS

SEC. 601. SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF-DETER- MINATION PROGRAM.
(a) REAUTHORIZATION OF THE SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION ACT OF 2000.—The Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 500 note; Public Law 106–393) is amended by striking sections 1 through 403 and inserting the following:
‘‘SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE.
‘This Act may be cited as the ‘Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000’.
‘‘SEC. 2. PURPOSES.
‘The purposes of this Act are—
‘(1) to stabilize and transition payments to counties to provide funding for schools and roads that supplements other available funds;
‘(2) to make additional investments in, and create additional employment opportunities through, projects that—
‘‘(A)(i) improve the maintenance of existing infrastructure;
‘‘(ii) implement stewardship objectives that enhance forest ecosystems; and
‘(iii) restore and improve land health and water quality;
‘‘(B) enjoy broad-based support; and
‘‘(C) have objectives that may include—
‘‘(i) road, trail, and infrastructure maintenance or obliteration;
‘(ii) soil productivity improvement;
‘(iii) improvements in forest ecosystem health;
‘(iv) watershed restoration and maintenance;