PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

122 STAT. 3785

(C) REIMBURSEMENT OF COSTS.—The Treasury shall reimburse the Government Accountability Office for the full cost of any such oversight activities as billed therefor by the Comptroller General of the United States. Such reimbursements shall be credited to the appropriation account ‘‘Salaries and Expenses, Government Accountability Office’’ current when the payment is received and remain available until expended.

(3) REPORTING.—The Comptroller General shall submit reports of findings under this section, regularly and no less frequently than once every 60 days, to the appropriate committees of Congress, and the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program established under this Act on the activities and performance of the TARP. The Comptroller may also submit special reports under this subsection as warranted by the findings of its oversight activities.
(b) COMPTROLLER GENERAL AUDITS.—

(1) ANNUAL AUDIT.—The TARP shall annually prepare and issue to the appropriate committees of Congress and the public audited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the Comptroller General shall annually audit such statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. The Treasury shall reimburse the Government Accountability Office for the full cost of any such audit as billed therefor by the Comptroller General. Such reimbursements shall be credited to the appropriation account ‘‘Salaries and Expenses, Government Accountability Office’’ current when the payment is received and remain available until expended. The financial statements prepared under this paragraph shall be on the fiscal year basis prescribed under section 1102 of title 31, United States Code.
(2) AUTHORITY.—The Comptroller General may audit the programs, activities, receipts, expenditures, and financial transactions of the TARP and any agents and representatives of the TARP (as related to the agent or representative’s activities on behalf of or under the authority of the TARP), including vehicles established by the Secretary under this Act.
(3) CORRECTIVE RESPONSES TO AUDIT PROBLEMS.—The TARP shall—
(A) take action to address deficiencies identified by the Comptroller General or other auditor engaged by the TARP; or
(B) certify to appropriate committees of Congress that no action is necessary or appropriate.
(c) INTERNAL CONTROL.—

(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The TARP shall establish and maintain an effective system of internal control, consistent with the standards prescribed under section 3512(c) of title 31, United States Code, that provides reasonable assurance of—
(A) the effectiveness and efficiency of operations, including the use of the resources of the TARP;
(B) the reliability of financial reporting, including financial statements and other reports for internal and external use; and
(C) compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
(2) REPORTING.—In conjunction with each annual financial statement issued under this section, the TARP shall—

Public information.

Certification.