PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008 122 STAT. 3805

(iii) EMPLOYEE REMAINS COVERED EXECUTIVE.—
If an employee is a covered executive with respect
to an applicable employer for any applicable taxable
year, such employee shall be treated as a covered
executive with respect to such employer for all subse-
quent applicable taxable years and for all subsequent
taxable years in which deferred deduction executive
remuneration with respect to services performed in
all such applicable taxable years would (but for this
paragraph) be deductible.

(E) EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION.—For purposes of this
paragraph, the term ‘executive remuneration’ means the
applicable employee remuneration of the covered executive,
as determined under paragraph (4) without regard to sub-
paragraphs (B), (C), and (D) thereof. Such term shall not
include any deferred deduction executive remuneration
with respect to services performed in a prior applicable
taxable year.

(F) DEFERRED DEDUCTION EXECUTIVE REMUNERA-
TION.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘deferred
deduction executive remuneration’ means remuneration
which would be executive remuneration for services per-
formed in an applicable taxable year but for the fact that
the deduction under this chapter (determined without re-
gard to this paragraph) for such remuneration is allow-
able in a subsequent taxable year.

(G) COORDINATION.—Rules similar to the rules of sub-
paragraphs (F) and (G) of paragraph (4) shall apply for
purposes of this paragraph.

(H) REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—The Secretary may pre-
scribe such guidance, rules, or regulations as are necessary
to carry out the purposes of this paragraph and the Emer-
gency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, including the
extent to which this paragraph applies in the case of any
acquisition, merger, or reorganization of an applicable
employer.’’.
(b) GOLDEN PARACHUTE RULE.—Section 280G of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended—
(1) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f), and
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new sub-
section:
‘‘(e) SPECIAL RULE FOR APPLICATION TO EMPLOYERS PARTICI-
PATING IN THE TROUBLED ASSETS RELIEF PROGRAM.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of the severance from employ-
ment of a covered executive of an applicable employer during
the period during which the authorities under section 101(a)
of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 are in
effect (determined under section 120 of such Act), this section
shall be applied to payments to such executive with the fol-
lowing modifications:
‘‘(A) Any reference to a disqualified individual (other
than in subsection (c)) shall be treated as a reference
to a covered executive.
‘‘(B) Any reference to a change described in subsection
(b)(2)(A)(i) shall be treated as a reference to an applicable
severance from employment of a covered executive, and
any reference to a payment contingent on such a change

26 USC 280G.