PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

(2) the cost of a modification of a troubled asset or guarantee of a troubled asset shall be the difference between the current estimate consistent with paragraph (1) under the terms of the troubled asset or guarantee of the troubled asset and the current estimate consistent with paragraph (1) under the terms of the troubled asset or guarantee of the troubled asset, as modified.

SEC. 124. HOPE FOR HOMEOWNERS AMENDMENTS.
Section 257 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z-23) is amended—
(1) in subsection (e)—
(A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting before “a ratio” the following: “, or thereafter is likely to have, due to the terms of the mortgage being reset,”;
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting before the period at the end “(or such higher percentage as the Board determines, in the discretion of the Board)’’;
(C) in paragraph (4)(A)—
(i) in the first sentence, by inserting after “insured loan” the following: “and any payments made under this paragraph,”; and
(ii) by adding at the end the following: “Such actions may include making payments, which shall be accepted as payment in full of all indebtedness under the eligible mortgage, to any holder of an existing subordinate mortgage, in lieu of future appreciation payments authorized under subparagraph (B),'’; and
(2) in subsection (w), by inserting after “administrative costs” the following: “and payments pursuant to subsection (e)(4)(A)”.
SEC. 125. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT PANEL.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is hereby established the Congressional Oversight Panel (hereafter in this section referred to as the “Oversight Panel”) as an establishment in the legislative branch.
(b) DUTIES.—The Oversight Panel shall review the current state of the financial markets and the regulatory system and submit the following reports to Congress:
(1) REGULAR REPORTS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Regular reports of the Oversight Panel shall include the following:
(i) The use by the Secretary of authority under this Act, including with respect to the use of contracting authority and administration of the program.
(ii) The impact of purchases made under the Act on the financial markets and financial institutions.
(iii) The extent to which the information made available on transactions under the program has contributed to market transparency.
(iv) The effectiveness of foreclosure mitigation efforts, and the effectiveness of the program from the standpoint of minimizing long-term costs to the taxpayers and maximizing the benefits for taxpayers.
(B) TIMING.—The reports required under this paragraph shall be submitted not later than 30 days after