122 STAT. 3848            PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

Applicability.      (10) WATER CONSUMPTION FACTOR.—The term ‘water
26 USC 45M       consumption factor’ means, with respect to a clothes washer,
note.           the quotient of the total weighted per-cycle water consumption
                 divided by the cubic foot (or liter) capacity of the clothes
                 washer.’’.
                (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section
                shall apply to appliances produced after December 31, 2007.
SEC. 306. ACCELERATED RECOVERY PERIOD FOR DEPRECIATION OF
                SMART METERS AND SMART GRID SYSTEMS.
                (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 168(e)(3)(D) is amended by striking
                ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i), by striking the period at the end
                of clause (ii) and inserting a comma, and by inserting after clause
                (ii) the following new clauses:
                        ‘‘(iii) any qualified smart electric meter, and
                        ‘‘(iv) any qualified smart electric grid system.’’.
                 (b) DEFINITIONS.—Section 168(i) is amended by inserting at
                 the end the following new paragraph:
                          ‘‘(18) QUALIFIED SMART ELECTRIC METERS.—
                              ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified smart electric
               meter’ means any smart electric meter which—
                                  ‘‘(i) is placed in service by a taxpayer who is a
                          supplier of electric energy or a provider of electric
                          energy services, and
                                  ‘‘(ii) does not have a class life (determined without
                          regard to subsection (e)) of less than 10 years.
                              ‘‘(B) SMART ELECTRIC METER.—For purposes of subpara-
               graph (A), the term ‘smart electric meter’ means any time-
               based meter and related communication equipment which
               is capable of being used by the taxpayer as part of a
               system that—
                                  ‘‘(i) measures and records electricity usage data
                          on a time-differentiated basis in at least 24 separate
                          time segments per day,
                                  ‘‘(ii) provides for the exchange of information
                         between supplier or provider and the customer’s elec-
                         tric meter in support of time-based rates or other forms
                         of demand response,
                                  ‘‘(iii) provides data to such supplier or provider
                         so that the supplier or provider can provide energy
                         usage information to customers electronically, and
                                  ‘‘(iv) provides net metering.’’
                         ‘‘(19) QUALIFIED SMART ELECTRIC GRID SYSTEMS.—
                              ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified smart electric
               grid system’ means any smart grid property which—
                                  ‘‘(i) is used as part of a system for electric distribu-
                          tion grid communications, monitoring, and manage-
                          ment placed in service by a taxpayer who is a supplier
                          of electric energy or a provider of electric energy serv-
                          ices, and
                                  ‘‘(ii) does not have a class life (determined without
                          regard to subsection (e)) of less than 10 years.
                              ‘‘(B) SMART GRID PROPERTY.—For the purposes of
               subparagraph (A), the term ‘smart grid property’ means
               electronics and related equipment that is capable of—
                                  ‘‘(i) sensing, collecting, and monitoring data or
                          from all portions of a utility’s electric distribution grid,