PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

122 STAT. 3775

restructuring process and, where permissible, to permit bona fide
tenants who are current on their rent to remain in their homes
under the terms of the lease. In the case of a mortgage on a
residential rental property, the plan required under this section
shall include protecting Federal, State, and local rental subsidies
and protections, and ensuring any modification takes into account
the need for operating funds to maintain decent and safe conditions
at the property.
(c) CONSENT TO REASONABLE LOAN MODIFICATION REQUESTS.—
Upon any request arising under existing investment contracts, the
Secretary shall consent, where appropriate, and considering net
present value to the taxpayer, to reasonable requests for loss mitiga-
tion measures, including term extensions, rate reductions, principal
write downs, increases in the proportion of loans within a trust
or other structure allowed to be modified, or removal of other
limitation on modifications.
SEC. 110. ASSISTANCE TO HOMEOWNERS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—As used in this section—
(1) the term ‘‘Federal property manager’’ means—
(A) the Federal Housing Finance Agency, in its capacity
as conservator of the Federal National Mortgage Associa-
tion and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation;
(B) the Corporation, with respect to residential mort-
gage loans and mortgage-backed securities held by a 
bridge depository institution pursuant to section 11(n) of
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and
(C) the Board, with respect to any mortgage or mort-
gage-backed securities or pool of securities held, owned,
or controlled by or on behalf of a Federal reserve bank,
other than mortgages or securities held, owned, or con-
trolled in connection with open market operations under
section 14 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 353),
or as collateral for an advance or discount that is not
in default;
(2) the term ‘‘consumer’’ has the same meaning as in section
103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602);
(3) the term ‘‘insured depository institution’’ has the same
meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act
(12 U.S.C. 1813); and
(4) the term ‘‘servicer’’ has the same meaning as in section
6(i)(2) of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974
(12 U.S.C. 2605(i)(2)).
(b) HOMEOWNER ASSISTANCE BY AGENCIES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—To the extent that the Federal property
manager holds, owns, or controls mortgages, mortgage backed
securities, and other assets secured by residential real estate,
including multifamily housing, the Federal property manager
shall implement a plan that seeks to maximize assistance for
homeowners and use its authority to encourage the servicers
of the underlying mortgages, and considering net present value
to the taxpayer, to take advantage of the HOPE for Home-
owners Program under section 257 of the National Housing
Act or other available programs to minimize foreclosures.
(2) MODIFICATIONS.—In the case of a residential mortgage
loan, modifications made under paragraph (1) may include—
(A) reduction in interest rates;