122 STAT. 3906 PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

“(6) make recommendations to the Secretary concerned for any appropriate changes or adjustments to the projects being monitored by the resource advisory committee.
“(c) APPOINTMENT BY THE SECRETARY.—
(1) APPOINTMENT AND TERM.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary concerned, shall appoint the members of resource advisory committees for a term of 4 years beginning on the date of appointment.
“(B) REAPPOINTMENT.—The Secretary concerned may reappoint members to subsequent 4-year terms.
“(2) BASIC REQUIREMENTS.—The Secretary concerned shall ensure that each resource advisory committee established meets the requirements of subsection (d).
Deadline. “(3) INITIAL APPOINTMENT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall make initial appointments to the resource advisory committees.
“(4) VACANCIES.—The Secretary concerned shall make appointments to fill vacancies on any resource advisory committee as soon as practicable after the vacancy has occurred.
“(5) COMPENSATION.—Members of the resource advisory committees shall not receive any compensation.
“(d) COMPOSITION OF ADVISORY COMMITTEE.—
(1) NUMBER.—Each resource advisory committee shall be comprised of 15 members.
“(2) COMMUNITY INTERESTS REPRESENTED.—Committee members shall be representative of the interests of the following 3 categories:
“(A) 5 persons that—
“(i) represent organized labor or non-timber forest product harvester groups;
“(ii) represent developed outdoor recreation, off highway vehicle users, or commercial recreation activities;
“(iii) represent—
“(I) energy and mineral development interests; or
“(II) commercial or recreational fishing interests;
“(iv) represent the commercial timber industry; or
“(v) hold Federal grazing or other land use permits, or represent nonindustrial private forest land owners, within the area for which the committee is organized.
“(B) 5 persons that represent—
“(i) nationally recognized environmental organizations;
“(ii) regionally or locally recognized environmental organizations;
“(iii) dispersed recreational activities;
“(iv) archaeological and historical interests; or
“(v) nationally or regionally recognized wild horse and burro interest groups, wildlife or hunting organizations, or watershed associations.
(C) 5 persons that—
“(i) hold State elected office (or a designee);
“(ii) hold county or local elected office;