PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008
122 STAT. 3887

by the actuary. The report, and all underlying documenta- Records. tion relied upon by the actuary, shall be maintained by the group health plan or health insurance issuer for a period of 6 years following the notification made under subparagraph (E).
“(D) 6-MONTH DETERMINATIONS.—If a group health plan (or a health insurance issuer offering coverage in connection with a group health plan) seeks an exemption under this paragraph, determinations under subparagraph (A) shall be made after such plan (or coverage) has complied with this section for the first 6 months of the plan year involved.
“(E) NOTIFICATION.—
“(i) IN GENERAL.—A group health plan (or a health insurance issuer offering coverage in connection with a group health plan) that, based upon a certification described under subparagraph (C), qualifies for an exemption under this paragraph, and elects to imple- ment the exemption, shall promptly notify the Sec- retary, the appropriate State agencies, and participants and beneficiaries in the plan of such election.
 “(ii) REQUIREMENT.—A notification to the Secretary as described in clause (i) shall include—
 “(I) a description of the number of covered lives under the plan (or coverage) involved at the time of the notification, and as applicable, at the time of any prior election of the cost-exemption under this paragraph by such plan (or coverage);
“(II) for both the plan year upon which a cost exemption is sought and the year prior, a descrip- as tion of the actual total costs of coverage with respect to medical and surgical benefits and mental health and substance use disorder benefits under the plan; and
  “(III) for both the plan year upon which a cost exemption is sought and the year prior, the actual total costs of coverage with respect to mental health and substance use disorder benefits under the plan.
 “(iii) CONFIDENTIALITY.—A notification to the Sec- retary under clause (i) shall be confidential. The Sec- retary shall make available, upon request and on not more than an annual basis, an anonymous itemization of such notifications, that includes—
  ̀ `(I) a breakdown of States by the size and type of employers submitting such notification; and
  
 “(II) a summary of the data received under clause (ii).
“(F) AUDITS BY APPROPRIATE AGENCIES.—To determine compliance with this paragraph, the Secretary may audit the books and records of a group health plan or health insurance issuer relating to an exemption, including any actuarial reports prepared pursuant to subparagraph  (C), during the 6 year period following the notification of such exemption under subparagraph (E). A State agency receiving a notification under subparagraph (E) may also conduct such an audit with respect to an exemption covered by such notification.”;