122 STAT. 3792

PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

the first exercise by the Secretary of the authority under section 101(a) or 102, and every 30 days thereafter.
(2) SPECIAL REPORT ON REGULATORY REFORM.—The Oversight Panel shall submit a special report on regulatory reform not later than January 20, 2009, analyzing the current state of the regulatory system and its effectiveness at overseeing the participants in the financial system and protecting consumers, and providing recommendations for improvement, including recommendations regarding whether any participants in the financial markets that are currently outside the regulatory system should become subject to the regulatory system, the rationale underlying such recommendation, and whether there are any gaps in existing consumer protections.
(c) MEMBERSHIP.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Oversight Panel shall consist of 5 members, as follows:
(A) 1 member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
(B) 1 member appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives.
(C) 1 member appointed by the majority leader of the Senate.
(D) 1 member appointed by the minority leader of the Senate.
(E) 1 member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate, after consultation with the minority leader of the House of Representatives and the minority leader of the Senate.
(2) PAY.—Each member of the Oversight Panel shall each be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level I of the Executive Schedule for each day (including travel time) during which such member is engaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Commission.
(3) PROHIBITION OF COMPENSATION OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.—Members of the Oversight Panel who are full-time officers or employees of the United States or Members of Congress may not receive additional pay, allowances, or benefits by reason of their service on the Oversight Panel.
(4) TRAVEL EXPENSES.—Each member shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code.
(5) QUORUM.—Four members of the Oversight Panel shall constitute a quorum but a lesser number may hold hearings.
(6) VACANCIES.—A vacancy on the Oversight Panel shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made.
(7) MEETINGS.—The Oversight Panel shall meet at the call of the Chairperson or a majority of its members.
(d) STAFF.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Oversight Panel may appoint and fix the pay of any personnel as the Commission considers appropriate.
(2) EXPERTS AND CONSULTANTS.—The Oversight Panel may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code.