PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008                   122 STAT. 3909

unobligated shall be available for use as part of the project submissions in the next fiscal year.
   “(c) EFFECT OF REJECTION OF PROJECTS.—Subject to section 208, any project funds reserved by a participating county in the preceding fiscal year that are unobligated at the end of a fiscal year because the Secretary concerned has rejected one or more proposed projects shall be available for use as part of the project submissions in the next fiscal year.
   “(d) EFFECT OF COURT ORDERS.—
       “(1) IN GENERAL.—If an approved project under this Act is enjoined or prohibited by a Federal court, the Secretary concerned shall return the unobligated project funds related to the project to the participating county or counties that reserved the funds.
       “(2) EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS.—The returned funds shall be available for the county to expend in the same manner as the funds reserved by the county under subparagraph (B) or (C)(i) of section 102(d)(1).
“SEC. 208. TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY.                                      16 USC 7128.
   “(a) IN GENERAL.—The authority to initiate projects under this title shall terminate on September 30, 2011.
   “(b) DEPOSITS IN TREASURY.—Any project funds not obligated by September 30, 2012, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States.

                “TITLE III—COUNTY FUNDS

   “SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS.                                                16 USC 7141.
   “In this title:
       “(1) COUNTY FUNDS.—The term ‘county funds’ means all funds an eligible county elects under section 102(d) to reserve for expenditure in accordance with this title.
       “(2) PARTICIPATING COUNTY.—The term ‘participating county’ means an eligible county that elects under section 102(d) to expend a portion of the Federal funds received under section 102 in accordance with this title.
   “SEC. 302. USE.                                                            16 USC 7142.
   “(a) AUTHORIZED USES.—A participating county, including any applicable agencies of the participating county, shall use county funds, in accordance with this title, only—
       “(1) to carry out activities under the Firewise Communities program to provide to homeowners in fire-sensitive ecosystems education on, and assistance with implementing, techniques in home siting, home construction, and home landscaping that can increase the protection of people and property from wildfires;
       “(2) to reimburse the participating county for search and rescue and other emergency services, including firefighting, that are—
           “(A) performed on Federal land after the date on which the use was approved under subsection (b);
           “(B) paid for by the participating county; and
       “(3) to develop community wildfire protection plans in coordination with the appropriate Secretary concerned.