PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

122 STAT. 3907

‘‘(iii) represent American Indian tribes within or adjacent to the area for which the committee is organized;
‘‘(iv) are school officials or teachers; or
‘‘(v) represent the affected public at large.
‘‘(3) BALANCED REPRESENTATION.—In appointing committee
members from the 3 categories in paragraph (2), the Secretary
concerned shall provide for balanced and broad representation
from within each category.
‘‘(4) GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION.—The members of a
resource advisory committee shall reside within the State in
which the committee has jurisdiction and, to extent practicable,
the Secretary concerned shall ensure local representation in
each category in paragraph (2).
‘‘(5) CHAIRPERSON.—A majority on each resource advisory
committee shall select the chairperson of the committee.
‘‘(e) APPROVAL PROCEDURES.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (3), each resource
advisory committee shall establish procedures for proposing
projects to the Secretary concerned under this title.
‘‘(2) QUORUM.—A quorum must be present to constitute
an official meeting of the committee.
‘‘(3) APPROVAL BY MAJORITY OF MEMBERS.—A project may
be proposed by a resource advisory committee to the Secretary
concerned under section 203(a), if the project has been approved
by a majority of members of the committee from each of the
3 categories in section 205(d)(2).
‘‘(f) OTHER COMMITTEE AUTHORITIES AND REQUIREMENTS.—
‘‘(1) STAFF ASSISTANCE.—A resource advisory committee
may submit to the Secretary concerned a request for periodic
staff assistance from Federal employees under the jurisdiction
of the Secretary.
‘‘(2) MEETINGS.—All meetings of a resource advisory com-
mittee shall be announced at least 1 week in advance in a
local newspaper of record and shall be open to the public.
‘‘(3) RECORDS.—A resource advisory committee shall main-
tain records of the meetings of the committee and make the
records available for public inspection.

‘‘SEC. 206. USE OF PROJECT FUNDS.

‘‘(a) AGREEMENT REGARDING SCHEDULE AND COST OF
PROJECT.—
‘‘(1) AGREEMENT BETWEEN PARTIES.—The Secretary con-
cerned may carry out a project submitted by a resource advisory
committee under section 203(a) using project funds or other
funds described in section 203(a)(2), if, as soon as practicable
after the issuance of a decision document for the project and
the exhaustion of all administrative appeals and judicial review
of the project decision, the Secretary concerned and the resource
advisory committee enter into an agreement addressing, at
a minimum, the following:
‘‘(A) The schedule for completing the project.
‘‘(B) The total cost of the project, including the level
of agency overhead to be assessed against the project.
‘‘(C) For a multiyear project, the estimated cost of
the project for each of the fiscal years in which it will
be carried out.