122 STAT. 3830             PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

                                                             “(A) would otherwise be released into the atmosphere
                                                        as industrial emission of greenhouse gas, and
                                                             “(B) is measured at the source of capture and verified
                                                        at the point of disposal or injection.
                                                  “(2) RECYCLED CARBON DIOXIDE.—The term ‘qualified
                                             carbon dioxide’ includes the initial deposit of captured carbon
                                             dioxide used as a tertiary injectant. Such term does not include
                                             carbon dioxide that is re-captured, recycled, and re-injected
                                             as part of the enhanced oil and natural gas recovery process.
                                                  “(c) QUALIFIED FACILITY.—For purposes of this section, the term
                                             ‘qualified facility’ means any industrial facility—
                                                             “(1) which is owned by the taxpayer,
                                                             “(2) at which carbon capture equipment is placed in service,
                                                       and
                                                             “(3) which captures not less than 500,000 metric tons of
                                                        carbon dioxide during the taxable year.
                                                  “(d) SPECIAL RULES AND OTHER DEFINITIONS.—For purposes
                                            of this section—
                                                             “(1) ONLY CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURED AND DISPOSED OF
                                                        OR USED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT.—
                                                        The credit under this section shall apply only with respect
                                                        to qualified carbon dioxide the capture and disposal or use
                                                        of which is within—
                                                                  “(A) the United States (within the meaning of section
                                                          638(1)), or
                                                                  “(B) a possession of the United States (within the
                                                          meaning of section 638(2)).
                                                             Regulations. “(2) SECURE GEOLOGICAL STORAGE.—The Secretary, in con-
                                                        sultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Pro-
                                                        tection Agency, shall establish regulations for determining ade-
                                                        quate security measures for the geological storage of carbon
                                                        dioxide under subsection (a)(1)(B) such that the carbon dioxide
                                                        does not escape into the atmosphere. Such term shall include
                                                        storage at deep saline formations and unminable coal
                                                        seems under such conditions as the Secretary may determine under
                                                        such regulations.
                                                                      “(3) TERTIARY INJECTANT.—The term ‘tertiary injectant’ has
                                                        the same meaning as when used within section 193(b)(1).
                                                                      “(4) QUALIFIED ENHANCED OIL OR NATURAL GAS RECOVERY
                                                        PROJECT.—The term ‘qualified enhanced oil or natural gas
                                                        recovery project’ has the meaning given the term ‘qualified
                                                        enhanced oil recovery project by section 43(c)(2), by substituting
                                                        ‘crude oil or natural gas’ for ‘crude oil’ in subparagraph (A)(i)
                                                        thereof.
                                                                    “(5) CREDIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO TAXPAYER.—Any credit under
                                                        this section shall be attributable to the person that captures
                                                        and physically or contractually ensures the disposal of or the
                                                        use as a tertiary injectant of the qualified carbon dioxide,
                                                        except to the extent provided in regulations prescribed by the
                                                        Secretary.
                                                                   Regulations. “(6) RECAPTURE.—The Secretary shall, by regulations, pro-
                                                        vide for recapturing the benefit of any credit allowable under
                                                        subsection (a) with respect to any qualified carbon dioxide
                                                        which ceases to be captured, disposed of, or used as a tertiary
                                                        injectant in a manner consistent with the requirements of
                                                        this section.