PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

122 STAT. 3787

be deemed appropriated at the time of such expenditure or obligation.

SEC. 119. JUDICIAL REVIEW AND RELATED MATTERS.

(a) JUDICIAL REVIEW.—
(1) STANDARD.—Actions by the Secretary pursuant to the authority of this Act shall be subject to chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, including that such final actions shall be held unlawful and set aside if found to be arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or not in accordance with law.
(2) LIMITATIONS ON EQUITABLE RELIEF.—
(A) INJUNCTION.—No injunction or other form of equitable relief shall be issued against the Secretary for actions pursuant to section 101, 102, 106, and 109, other than to remedy a violation of the Constitution.
(B) TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDER.—Any request for a temporary restraining order against the Secretary for actions pursuant to this Act shall be considered and Deadline. granted or denied by the court within 3 days of the date of the request.
(C) PRELIMINARY INJUNCTION.—Any request for a preliminary injunction against the Secretary for actions pursuant to this Act shall be considered and granted or denied by the court on an expedited basis consistent with the provisions of rule 65(b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or any successor thereto.
(D) PERMANENT INJUNCTION.—Any request for a permanent injunction against the Secretary for actions pursuant to this Act shall be considered and granted or denied by the court on an expedited basis. Whenever possible, the court shall consolidate trial on the merits with any hearing on a request for a preliminary injunction, consistent with the provisions of rule 65(a)(2) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or any successor thereto.
(3) LIMITATION ON ACTIONS BY PARTICIPATING COMPANIES.— Contracts. No action or claims may be brought against the Secretary by any person that divests its assets with respect to its participation in a program under this Act, except as provided in paragraph (1), other than as expressly provided in a written contract with the Secretary.
(4) STAYS.—Any injunction or other form of equitable relief issued against the Secretary for actions pursuant to section 101, 102, 106, and 109, shall be automatically stayed. The Deadline. stay shall be lifted unless the Secretary seeks a stay from a higher court within 3 calendar days after the date on which the relief is issued.
(b) RELATED MATTERS.—
(1) TREATMENT OF HOMEOWNERS’ RIGHTS.—The terms of any residential mortgage loan that is part of any purchase by the Secretary under this Act shall remain subject to all claims and defenses that would otherwise apply, notwithstanding the exercise of authority by the Secretary under this Act.
(2) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Any exercise of the authority of the Secretary pursuant to this Act shall not impair the claims or defenses that would otherwise apply with respect to persons other than the Secretary. Except as established in any contract,