PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

122 STAT. 3905

"SEC. 205. RESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES.

	"(a) ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE OF RESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES.—
		"(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary concerned shall establish and maintain resource advisory committees to perform the duties in subsection (b), except as provided in paragraph (4).
		"(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of a resource advisory committee shall be—
			"(A) to improve collaborative relationships; and
			"(B) to provide advice and recommendations to the land management agencies consistent with the purposes of this title.
		"(3) ACCESS TO RESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES.—To ensure that each unit of Federal land has access to a resource advisory committee, and that there is sufficient interest in participation on a committee to ensure that membership can be balanced in terms of the points of view represented and the functions to be performed, the Secretary concerned may, establish resource advisory committees for part of, or 1 or more, units of Federal land.
		"(4) EXISTING ADVISORY COMMITTEES.—
			"(A) IN GENERAL.—An advisory committee that meets the requirements of this section, a resource advisory committee established before September 29, 2006, or an advisory committee determined by the Secretary concerned before September 29, 2006, to meet the requirements of this section may be deemed by the Secretary concerned to be a resource advisory committee for the purposes of this title.
			"(B) CHARTER.—A charter for a committee described in subparagraph (A) that was filed on or before September 29, 2006, shall be considered to be filed for purposes of this Act.
			"(C) BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT ADVISORY COMMITTEES.—The Secretary of the Interior may deem a resource advisory committee meeting the requirements of subpart 1784 of part 1780 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as a resource advisory committee for the purposes of this title.
	"(b) DUTIES.—A resource advisory committee shall—
		"(1) review projects proposed under this title by participating counties and other persons;
		"(2) propose projects and funding to the Secretary concerned under section 203;
		"(3) provide early and continuous coordination with appropriate land management agency officials in recommending projects consistent with purposes of this Act under this title;
		"(4) provide frequent opportunities for citizens, organizations, tribes, land management agencies, and other interested parties to participate openly and meaningfully, beginning at the early stages of the project development process under this title;
		"(5)(A) monitor projects that have been approved under section 204; and
			"(B) advise the designated Federal official on the progress of the monitoring efforts under subparagraph (A); and