PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

                                                                                                 122 STAT. 3881

Subtitle B—Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008

SEC. 511. SHORT TITLE.
  This subtitle may be cited as the “Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008”.

SEC. 512. MENTAL HEALTH PARITY.
  (a) AMENDMENTS TO ERISA.—Section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a) is amended—
    (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following:
      “(3) FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS AND TREATMENT LIMITATIONS.—
        “(A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of a group health plan (or health insurance coverage offered in connection with such a plan) that provides both medical and surgical benefits and mental health or substance use disorder benefits, such plan or coverage shall ensure that—
          “(i) the financial requirements applicable to such mental health or substance use disorder benefits are no more restrictive than the predominant financial requirements applied to substantially all medical and surgical benefits covered by the plan (or coverage) and there are no separate cost sharing requirements that are applicable only with respect to mental health or substance use disorder benefits; and
          “(ii) the treatment limitations applicable to such mental health or substance use disorder benefits are no more restrictive than the predominant treatment limitations applied to substantially all medical and surgical benefits covered by the plan (or coverage) and there are no separate treatment limitations that are applicable only with respect to mental health or substance use disorder benefits.
        “(B) DEFINITIONS.—In this paragraph:
          “(i) FINANCIAL REQUIREMENT.—The term ‘financial requirement’ includes deductibles, copayments, coinsurance, and out-of-pocket expenses, but excludes an aggregate lifetime limit and an annual limit subject to paragraphs (1) and (2).
          “(ii) PREDOMINANT.—A financial requirement or treatment limit is considered to be predominant if it is the most common or frequent of such type of limit or requirement.
          “(iii) TREATMENT LIMITATION.—The term ‘treatment limitation’ includes limits on the frequency of treatment, number of visits, days of coverage, or other similar limits on the scope or duration of treatment.
        “(4) AVAILABILITY OF PLAN INFORMATION.—The criteria for medical necessity determinations made under the plan with respect to mental health or substance use disorder benefits (or the health insurance coverage offered in connection with the plan with respect to such benefits) shall be made available