122 STAT. 3902

PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

‘‘(5)(A) Expected outcomes, including how the project will meet or exceed desired ecological conditions, maintenance objectives, or stewardship objectives.

‘‘(B) An estimate of the amount of any timber, forage, and other commodities and other economic activity, including jobs generated, if any, anticipated as part of the project.

‘‘(6) A detailed monitoring plan, including funding needs and sources, that—
 ‘‘(A) tracks and identifies the positive or negative impacts of the project, implementation, and provides for validation monitoring; and
 ‘‘(B) includes an assessment of the following:
  ‘‘(i) Whether or not the project met or exceeded desired ecological conditions; created local employment or training opportunities, including summer youth jobs programs such as the Youth Conservation Corps where appropriate.
  ‘‘(ii) Whether the project improved the use of, or added value to, any products removed from land consistent with the purposes of this title.
‘‘(7) An assessment that the project is to be in the public interest.
‘‘(c) AUTHORIZED PROJECTS.—Projects proposed under subsection (a) shall be consistent with section 2.
16 USC 7124. ‘‘SEC. 204. EVALUATION AND APPROVAL OF PROJECTS BY SECRETARY CONCERNED.

‘‘(a) CONDITIONS FOR APPROVAL OF PROPOSED PROJECT.—The Secretary concerned may make a decision to approve a project submitted by a resource advisory committee under section 203 only if the proposed project satisfies each of the following conditions:
 ‘‘(1) The project complies with all applicable Federal laws (including regulations).
 ‘‘(2) The project is consistent with the applicable resource management plan and with any watershed or subsequent plan developed pursuant to the resource management plan and approved by the Secretary concerned.
 ‘‘(3) The project has been approved by the resource advisory committee in accordance with section 205, including the procedures issued under subsection (e) of that section.
 ‘‘(4) A project description has been submitted by the resource advisory committee to the Secretary concerned in accordance with section 203.
 ‘‘(5) The project will improve the maintenance of existing infrastructure, implement stewardship objectives that enhance forest ecosystems, and restore and improve land health and water quality.
‘‘(b) ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS.—
 ‘‘(1) REQUEST FOR PAYMENT BY COUNTY.—The Secretary concerned may request the resource advisory committee submitting a proposed project to agree to the use of project funds to pay for any environmental review, consultation, or compliance with applicable environmental laws required in connection with the project.
 ‘‘(2) CONDUCT OF ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW.—If a payment is requested under paragraph (1) and the resource advisory committee agrees to the expenditure of funds for this purpose,