122 STAT. 3776

PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

(B) reduction of loan principal; and
(C) other similar modifications.
(3) TENANT PROTECTIONS.—In the case of mortgages on residential rental properties, modifications made under paragraph (1) shall ensure—
(A) the continuation of any existing Federal, State, and local rental subsidies and protections; and
(B) that modifications take into account the need for operating funds to maintain decent and safe conditions at the property.
(4) TIMING.—Each Federal property manager shall develop and begin implementation of the plan required by this subsection not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act.
(5) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Each Federal property manager shall, 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every 30 days thereafter, report to Congress specific information on the number and types of loan modifications made and the number of actual foreclosures occurring during the reporting period in accordance with this section.
(6) CONSULTATION.—In developing the plan required by this subsection, the Federal property managers shall consult with one another and, to the extent possible, utilize consistent approaches to implement the requirements of this subsection.
(c) ACTIONS WITH REQUEST TO SERVICERS.—In any case in which a Federal property manager is not the owner of a residential mortgage loan, but has an interest in obligations or pools of obligations secured by residential mortgage loans, the Federal property manager shall—
(1) encourage implementation by the loan servicers of loan modifications developed under subsection (b); and
(2) assist in facilitating any such modifications, to the extent possible.
(d) LIMITATION.—The requirements of this section shall not supersede any other duty or requirement imposed on the Federal property managers under otherwise applicable law.

SEC. 111. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
(a) APPLICABILITY.—Any financial institution that sells troubled 12 USC 5221.  assets to the Secretary under this Act shall be subject to the executive compensation requirements of subsections (b) and (c) and the provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as provided under the amendment by section 302, as applicable.
(b) DIRECT PURCHASES.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Where the Secretary determines that the Standards. purposes of this Act are best met through direct purchases of troubled assets from an individual financial institution where no bidding process or market prices are available, and the Secretary receives a meaningful equity or debt position in the financial institution as a result of the transaction, the Secretary shall require that the financial institution meet appropriate standards for executive compensation and corporate governance. The standards required under this subsection shall Effective date. be effective for the duration of the period that the Secretary holds an equity or debt position in the financial institution.
(2) CRITERIA.—The standards required under this subsection shall include—