PUBLIC LAW 110–343—OCT. 3, 2008

122 STAT. 3843

‘‘(i) development of cellulosic ethanol or other non-
 fossil fuels,
 ‘‘(ii) technologies for the capture and sequestration
 of carbon dioxide produced through the use of fossil
 fuels,
 ‘‘(iii) increasing the efficiency of existing tech-
 nologies for producing nonfossil fuels,
 ‘‘(iv) automobile battery technologies and other
 technologies to reduce fossil fuel consumption in
 transportation, or
 ‘‘(v) technologies to reduce energy use in buildings.
 ‘‘(C) Mass commuting facilities and related facilities
 that reduce the consumption of energy, including expendi-
 tures to reduce pollution from vehicles used for mass com-
 muting.
 ‘‘(D) Demonstration projects designed to promote the
 commercialization of—
 ‘‘(i) green building technology,
 ‘‘(ii) conversion of agricultural waste for use in
 the production of fuel or otherwise,
 ‘‘(iii) advanced battery manufacturing technologies,
 or
 ‘‘(iv) technologies for the capture and sequestration
 of carbon dioxide emitted from combusting fossil fuels
 in order to produce electricity.
 ‘‘(E) Public education campaigns to promote energy
 efficiency.
 ‘‘(2) SPECIAL RULES FOR PRIVATE ACTIVITY BONDS.—For pur-
 poses of this section, in the case of any private activity bond,
 the term ‘qualified conservation purposes’ shall not include
 any expenditure which is not a capital expenditure.
 ‘‘(g) POPULATION.—
 ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The population of any State or local
 government shall be determined for purposes of this section
 as provided in section 146(j) for the calendar year which
 includes the date of the enactment of this section.
 ‘‘(2) SPECIAL RULE FOR COUNTIES.—In determining the
 population of any county for purposes of this section, any popu-
 lation of such county which is taken into account in determining
 the population of any municipality which is a large local govern-
 ment shall not be taken into account in determining the popu-
 lation of such county.
 ‘‘(h) APPLICATION TO INDIAN TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS.—An Indian
 tribal government shall be treated for purposes of this section
 in the same manner as a large local government, except that—
 ‘‘(1) an Indian tribal government shall be treated for pur-
 poses of subsection (e) as located within a State to the extent
 of so much of the population of such government as resides
 within such State, and
 ‘‘(2) only an issue by an Indian tribal government shall
 be treated as a qualified energy conservation bond only if
 issued as part of an issue the available project proceeds of
 which are used for purposes for which such Indian tribal
 government could issue bonds to which section 103(a) applies.’’.
 (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—