PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

(3) TREATMENT OF COMPANION MEASURES.—If, following passage of the joint resolution in the Senate, the Senate then receives the companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable.
(4) CONSIDERATION AFTER PASSAGE.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—If Congress passes a joint resolution, the period beginning on the date the President is presented with the joint resolution and ending on the date the President takes action with respect to the joint resolution shall be disregarded in computing the 15-calendar day period described in subsection (a)(3).
(B) VETOES.—If the President vetoes the joint resolution—
(i) the period beginning on the date the President vetoes the joint resolution and ending on the date the Congress receives the veto message with respect to the joint resolution shall be disregarded in computing the 15-calendar day period described in subsection (a)(3), and
(ii) debate on a veto message in the Senate under this section shall be 1 hour equally divided between the majority and minority leaders or their designees.
(5) RULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND SENATE.—
This subsection and subsections (c), (d), and (e) are enacted by Congress—
(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and
(B) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House.

SEC. 116. OVERSIGHT AND AUDITS.
(a) COMPTROLLER GENERAL OVERSIGHT.—
(1) SCOPE OF OVERSIGHT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall, upon establishment of the troubled assets relief program under this Act (in this section referred to as the “TARP”), commence ongoing oversight of the activities and performance of the TARP and of any agents and representatives of the TARP (as related to the agent or representative’s activities on behalf of or under the authority of the TARP), including vehicles established by the Secretary under this Act. The subjects of such oversight shall include the following:
(A) The performance of the TARP in meeting the purposes of this Act, particularly those involving—
(i) foreclosure mitigation;
(ii) cost reduction;
(iii) whether it has provided stability or prevented disruption to the financial markets or the banking system; and
(iv) whether it has protected taxpayers.