PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008            122 STAT. 3767

bank, savings association, credit union, security broker or dealer, or insurance company, established and regulated under the laws of the United States or any State, territory, or possession of the United States, the District of Columbia, Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, or the United States Virgin Islands, and having significant operations in the United States, but excluding any central bank of, or institution owned by, a foreign government.
   (6) FUND.—The term “Fund” means the Troubled Assets Insurance Financing Fund established under section 102.
   (7) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Treasury.
   (8) TARP.—The term “TARP” means the Troubled Asset Relief Program established under section 101.
   (9) TROUBLED ASSETS.—The term “troubled assets” means—
        (A) residential or commercial mortgages and any securities, obligations, or other instruments that are based on or related to such mortgages, that in each case was originated or issued on or before March 14, 2008, the purchase of which the Secretary determines promotes financial market stability; and
        (B) any other financial instrument that the Secretary, after consultation with the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, determines the purchase of which is necessary to promote financial market stability, but only upon transmittal of such determination, in writing, to the appropriate committees of Congress.

TITLE I—TROUBLED ASSETS RELIEF PROGRAM
SEC. 101. PURCHASES OF TROUBLED ASSETS.                                                                                                 12 USC 5211.

(a) OFFICES; AUTHORITY.—
   (1) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary is authorized to establish the Troubled Asset Relief Program (or “TARP”) to purchase, and to make and fund commitments to purchase, troubled assets from any financial institution, on such terms and conditions as are determined by the Secretary, and in accordance with this Act and the policies and procedures developed and published by the Secretary.
   (2) COMMENCEMENT OF PROGRAM.—Establishment of policies and procedures and other similar administrative requirements imposed on the Secretary by this Act are not intended to delay the commencement of the TARP.
   (3) ESTABLISHMENT OF TREASURY OFFICE.—
        (A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall implement any program under paragraph (1) through an Office of Financial Stability, established for such purpose within the Office of Domestic Finance of the Department of the Treasury, which office shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, except that an interim Assistant Secretary may be appointed by the Secretary.
        (B) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.—