122 STAT. 3828         PUBLIC LAW 110-343—OCT. 3, 2008

                                                          -----------------------------------------
                                                             Deadline.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        (C) such exporter files a claim for refund with the
    Secretary not later than the close of the 30-day period
    beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act,
    then the Secretary shall pay to such export an amount equal
    to $0.825 per ton of such coal exported by the exporter or
    caused to be exported or shipped, or caused to be exported
    or shipped, by the exporter.

    (b) LIMITATIONS.—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect
   to exported coal if a settlement with the Federal Government has
   been made with and accepted by, the coal producer, a party related
   to such coal producer, or the exporter, of such coal, as of the
   date that the claim is filed under this section with respect to
   such exported coal. For purposes of this subsection, the term “settle-
   ment with the Federal Government’’ shall not include any settle-
   ment or stipulation entered into as of the date of the enactment

    of this Act, the terms of which contemplate a judgement concerning
    which any party has reserved the right to file an appeal, or has
    filed an appeal.
    (c) SUBSEQUENT REFUND PROHIBITED.—No refund shall be made
    under this section to the extent that a credit or refund of such
    tax on such exported or shipped coal has been paid to any person.
    (d) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section—

           (1) COAL PRODUCER.—The term ‘‘coal producer’’ means the
        person in whom is vested ownership of the coal immediately
        after the coal is severed from the ground, without regard to
        the existence of any contractual arrangement for the sale or
        other disposition of the coal or the payment of any royalties
        between the producer and third parties. The term includes
        any person who extracts coal from coal waste refuse piles
        or from the silt waste product which results from wet coal
        washing (or similar processing) of coal.    

           (2) EXPORTER.—The term ‘‘exporter’’ means a person, other
        than a coal producer, who does not have a contract, fee arrange-
        ment, or any other agreement with a producer or seller of
        such coal to export or ship such coal to a third party on
        behalf of the producer or seller of such coal and—

               (A) is indicated in the shipper’s export declaration or
        other documentation as the exporter of record, or

               (B) actually exported such coal to a foreign country
        or shipped such coal to a possession of the United States,
        or caused such coal to be so exported or shipped.

           (3) RELATED PARTY.—The term ‘‘a party related to such
        coal producer’’ means a person who—

               (A) is related to such coal producer through any degree
        of common management, stock ownership, or voting control,

               (B) is related (within the meaning of section 144(a)(3)
        of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) to such coal producer,
        or

               (C) has a contract, fee arrangement, or any other agree-
        ment with such coal  producer to sell such coal to a third
        party on behalf of such coal producer.

           (4) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary
        of Treasury or the Secretary’s designee,

    (e) TIMING OF REFUND.—With respect to any claim for refund
    filed pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall determine whether
    the requirements of this section are met not later than 180 days
    after such claim is filed. If the Secretary determines that the