103 STAT. 386		PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

the Corporation's financial statement, shall be made available to the Comptroller General. 

Public information

"(2) PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS.— "(A) DISCLOSURE REQUIRED.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the Corporation shall make available to the public—

"(i) any agreement entered into by the Corporation relating to a transaction for which the Corporation provides assistance pursuant to section 13(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, not later than 30 days after the first meeting of the Oversight Board after such agreement is entered into; and 

"(ii) all agreements relating to cases reviewed by the Corporation pursuant to subsection (b)(11)(B). 

"(B) EXCEPTION FOR DISCLOSURES AGAINST THE PUBLIC INTEREST.— 

"(i) IN GENERAL—The Oversight Board may withhold from public disclosure any document or part of a document if the Oversight Board determines, by a unanimous affirmative vote of the members of the Board, that disclosure would be contrary to the public interest.

"(ii) REPORT OF DETERMINATION.—A written report shall be made of any determination by the Oversight Board to withhold any part of a document from public disclosure pursuant to clause (i). Such report shall contain a full explanation of the specific reasons for such determination. 

Federal Register, publication.

"(iii) PUBLICATION AND SUBMISSION OF REPORT.—The report prepared pursuant to clause (ii) shall be— 

"(I) published in the Federal Register; and "(II) transmitted to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 

"(C) AGREEMENT DEFINED.—For purposes of this subsection, the term 'agreement' includes—

"(i) all documents which effectuate the terms and conditions of the assisted transaction; 

"(ii) a comparison, which the Corporation shall prepare of—

"(I) the estimated cost of the transaction, with 

"(II) the estimated cost of liquidating the insured institution; and 

"(iii) a description of any economic or statistical assumptions on which such estimates are based.

"(3) DISCLOSURE TO CONGRESS OF TRANSACTIONS.—

"(A) PROSPECTIVE TRANSACTIONS.—The Corporation shall make available to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate any agreement entered into by the Corporation relating to a transaction for which the Corporation provides assistance pursuant to section 13(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act not later than 25 days after the first meeting of the Oversight Board after such agreement is entered into. The foregoing requirement is in addition to the Cor-