PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

103 STAT. 425
    

“(F) The Federal Housing Finance Board shall notify the
Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the
House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking,
Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate not less than 60
days before such suspension takes effect. Such suspension
shall become effective unless a joint resolution is enacted
disapproving such suspension.
    

“(7) FAILURE TO USE AMOUNTS FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING.—If
any Bank fails to utilize or commit the full amount provided in
this subsection in any year, 90 percent of the amount that has
not been utilized or committed in that year shall be deposited by
the Bank in an Affordable Housing Reserve Fund administered
by the Board. The 10 percent of the unutilized and uncommitted
amount retained by a Bank should be fully utilized or commit-
ted by that Bank during the following year and any remaining
portion must be deposited in the Affordable Housing Reserve
Fund. Under regulations established by the Board, funds from
the Affordable Housing Reserve Fund may be made available to
any Bank to meet additional affordable housing needs in such
Bank’s district pursuant to this section.
    

“(8) NET EARNINGS.—The net earnings of any Federal Home
Loan Bank shall be determined for purposes of this paragraph—
    
“(A) after reduction for any payment required under
section 21 or 21B of this Act; and
    
“(B) before declaring any dividend under section 16.
    

“(9) REGULATIONS.—The Federal Housing Finance Board shall
promulgate regulations to implement this subsection. Such
regulations shall, at a minimum—
    
    

“(A) specify activities eligible to receive subsidized ad-
vances from the Banks under this program;
    
    

“(B) specify priorities for the use of such advances;
    

  

“(C) ensure that advances made under this program will
 be used only to assist projects for which adequate long-term
monitoring is available to guarantee that affordability
standards and other requirements of this subsection are
satisfied;
    
    

“(D) ensure that a preponderance of assistance provided
under this subsection is ultimately received by low- and
moderate-income households;
    
    

“(E) ensure that subsidies provided by Banks to member
institutions under this program are passed on to the ulti-
mate borrower;
    
    

“(F) establish uniform standards for subsidized advances
under this program and subsidized lending by member
institutions supported by such advances, including maxi-
mum subsidy and risk limitations for different categories of
loans made under this subsection; and
    
    

“(G) coordinate activities under this subsection with
other Federal or federally-subsidized affordable housing
activities to the maximum extent possible.
    

  

“(10) OTHER PROGRAMS.—No provision of this subsection or
subsection (i) shall preclude any Bank from establishing addi-
tional community investment cash advance programs or
contributing additional sums to the Affordable Housing Reserve
Fund.
    

  

“(11) ADVISORY COUNCIL.—Each Bank shall appoint an Ad-
visory Council of 7 to 15 persons drawn from community and