PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989 	103 STAT. 381

ing but not limited to foregone real estate taxes, insurance,
maintenance costs, security costs, and loss of use of funds, 
and (ii) the avoidance, where applicable, of fees paid to real
estate brokers, auctioneers, or other individuals or
organizations involved in the sale of property owned by the 
Corporation.
(f) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION.—The term 'nonprofit
organization' means a private organization (including a 
limited equity cooperative)—
"(i) no part of the net earnings of which inures to the 
benefit of any member, shareholder, founder, contribut-
tor, or individual; and
"(ii) that is approved by the Corporation as to finan-
cial responsibility.
(J) PUBLIC AGENCY.—The term 'public agency'—
"(i) means any Federal, State, local, or other govern-
mental entity; and
"(ii) includes any public housing agency. 
(K) QUALIFYING HOUSEHOLD.—The term 'qualifying
household' means a household (i) who intends to occupy 
eligible single family property as a principle residence; and
(ii) whose adjusted income does not exceed 115 percent of 
the median income for the area, as determined by the 
Secretary, with adjustment for family size.
(L) QUALIFYING MULTIFAMILY PURCHASER.—The term 
'qualifying a multifamily purchaser' means (i) a public 
agency, (ii) a nonprofit organization, or (iii) a for-profit 
entity which makes a commitment (for itself or any related 
entity) to satisfy the lower-income occupancy requirements 
specified under paragraph (3)(E) for any eligible multifam-
ily property for which an offer to purchase is made during
or after the periods specified under paragraph (3).
(M) RURAL AREA.—The term 'rural area' has the mean-
ing given such term in section 520 of the Housing Act of
1949.
(N) SECRETARY.—The term 'Secretary' means the Sec-
retary of the Housing and Urban Development.
(O) STATE HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY.—The term 'State
housing finance agency' means the public agency, author-
ity, corporation, or other instrumentality of a State that
has the authority to provide residential mortgage loan
financing throughout such State.
(P) VERY LOW-INCOME FAMILIES.—The term 'very-low
income families' means families and individuals whose in-
comes do not exceed 50 percent of the median income of the
area involved, as determined by the Secretary, with adjust-
ment for family size.
(10) EXCEPTION.—The provisions of this subsection shall not
apply whenever the Corporation as receiver contracts to sell all 
or substantially all of the assets of a closed savings association
to an insured depository institution (as defined in section 3 of
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act).
(11) THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The provisions of this subsection, or 
any failure by the Corporation to comply with such provi-
sions, may not be used by any person to attack or defeat 
any title to property once it is conveyed by the Corporation.
