103 STAT. 368	                                PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

        "(ii) Standards the Corporation shall use to select the
      appropriate resolution action for a failed institution. 
        "(iii) With respect to assisted acquisitions, factors the 
      Corporation shall consider in deciding whether non-
      performing assets of the failed institution will be transfer-
      red to the acquiring institution rather than retained 
      by the Corporation for management and disposal. 
        "(iv) Plans for the disposition of assets.
        "(v) Management objectives by which the Corpora-
      tion's progress in carrying out its duties under this
      section can be measured.
        "(vi) A plan for the organizational structure and
      staffing of the Corporation, including an assessment of
      the extent to which the Corporation will perform asset
      management functions and other duties through con-
      tracts with public and private entities.
        "(vii) Consideration of whether incentives should be
      included in asset management contracts to promote
      active and efficient asset management. 
        "(viii) Standards for adequate competition and fair
      and consistent treatment of offerors. 
        "(ix) Standards that prohibit discrimination on the
Discrimination,  basis of race, sex, or ethnic group in the solicitation and
prohibition.  consideration of offers. 
	"(x) Procedures for the active solicitation of offers
Women.  from minorities and women.
Minorities.	"(xi) Procedures requiring that unsuccessful offerors
      be notified in writing of the decision within 30 days
      after the offer has been rejected. 
        "(xii) Procedures for establishing the market value of
      assets based upon standard market analysis, valuation,
      and appraisal practices.
        "(xiii) Procedures requiring the timely evaluation of
      purchase offers for an institution.
        "(xiv) Procedures for bulk sales and auction market-
      ing of assets.
        "(xv) Guidelines for determining if the value of an
      asset has decreased so that no reasonable recovery is
      anticipated. In such cases, the Corporation may con-
      sider potential public uses of such asset including
      providing housing for lower income families ( including
Disadvantaged         the homeless), day care centers for the children of low-
persons.       and moderate-income families, or such other public
Homeless 	purpose designated by the Secretary of Housing and
persons.	Urban Development.
Children and	"(xvi) Guidelines for the conveyance of assets to units
youth.      of general local government, States, and public agen-
      cies designated by a unit of general local government or
      a State, for use in connection with urban homesteading
      programs approved by the Secretary of Housing and
      Urban Development under section 810 of the Housing
      and Community Development Act of 1974.
        "(xvii) Policies and procedures for avoiding politi-
      cal favoritism and undue influence in contracts and
      decisions made by the Oversight Board and the
      Corporation.