PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

TITLE X-STUDIES OF FEDERAL DEPOSIT
INSURANCE, BANKING SERVICES, AND
THE SAFETY AND SOUNDNESS OF GOV-
ERNMENT-SPONSORED ENTERPRISES

12 USC 1811 
note.

SEC. 1001. STUDY OF FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE SYSTEM.
(a) IN GENERAL. The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation
with the Comptroller of the Currency, the Chairman of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Director of the Office
of Thrift Supervision, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Corporation, the Chairman of the National Credit Union
Administration Board, the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget, and individuals from the private sector, shall conduct a
study of the Federal deposit insurance system.
(b) TOPICS.-As part of the study required under subsection (a), the 
Secretary of the Treasury shall investigate, review, and evaluate the 
following:
(1) The feasibility of establishing a deposit insurance pre-
 mium rate structure which would take into account, on an
 institution-by-institution basis-
 (A) asset quality risk;
 (B) interest rate risk;
 (C) quality of management; and
 (D) profitability and capital.
(2) Incentives for market discipline, including the advantages
 of-
 (A) limiting each depositor to 1 insured account per 
 institution;
 (B) reducing the amount insured, or providing for a grad-
 uated decrease in the percentage of the amounts deposited 
 which are insured as the amounts deposited increase;
 (C) combining Federal with private insurance in order to 
 bring the market discipline of private insurance to bear on 
 the management of the depository institution; and
 (D) ensuring, by law or regulation, that on the closing of 
 any insured depository institution, the appropriate Federal 
 insurance fund will honor only its explicit liabilities, and 
 will never make good any losses on deposits not explicitly 
 covered by Federal deposit insurance.
(3) The scope of deposit insurance coverage and its impact on 
 the liability of the insurance fund.
(4) The feasibility of market value accounting, assessments on
 foreign deposits, limitations on brokered deposits, the addition 
 of collateralized borrowings to the deposit insurance base, and 
 multiple insured accounts.
(5) The impact on the deposit insurance funds of varying State 
 and Federal bankruptcy exemptions and the feasibility of-
 (A) uniform exemptions;
 (B) limits on exemptions when necessary to repay obliga-
 tions owed to federally insured depository institutions; and
 (C) requiring borrowers from federally insured depository
 institutions to post a personal or corporate bond when
 obtaining a mortgage on real property.