103 STAT. 378                        PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

ing in the property on the date of purchase for purposes of meeting the lower-income occupancy requirement applicable to the property under subparagraph (E). The purchaser shall be in compliance with this paragraph if each newly vacant dwelling unit is reserved for lower- income occupancy until the lower-income occupancy requirement is met.
“(iii) FINANCIAL INFEASIBILITY.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or the State housing finance agency for the State in which the property is located may temporarily reduce the lower-income occupancy requirements applicable to any property under subparagraph (E), if the Secretary or the applicable  State Housing finance agency determines that an owner's compliance with such requirements is no longer financially feasible. The owner of the property shall make a good-faith effort to return lower-income occupancy to the level required by subparagraph (E), and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or the State housing finance agency, as appropriate, shall review the reduction annually to determine whether financial infeasibility continues to exist.

“(4) RENT LIMITATIONS.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—With respect to properties under subparagraph (B), rents charged to tenants for units made available for occupancy by very-low income families shall not exceed 30 percent of the adjusted income of a family whose income equals 50 percent of the median income for the area, as determined by the Secretary, with adjustment for family size. Rents charged to tenants for units made available for occupancy by lower-income families other than very low-income families shall not exceed 30 percent of the adjusted income of a family whose income equals 65 percent of the median income for the area, as determined by the Secretary, with adjustment for family size.
“(B) APPLICABILITY.—The rent limitations under this paragraph shall apply to any eligible single-family property sold pursuant to paragraph (2)(B)(ii)(I) and to any multifam- ily housing property sold pursuant to paragraph (3).
“(5) PREFERENCE FOR SALES.—When selling any eligible multi- family housing property or combinations of eligible residential properties, the Corporation shall give preference, among substantially similar offers, to the offer that would reserve the highest percentage of dwelling units for occupancy or purchase by very low-income families and lower-income families and would retain such affordability for the longest term.
“(6) FINANCING OF SALE.—
“(A) ASSISTANCE BY CORPORATION.—
“(i) SALE PRICE.—The Corporation shall establish a market value for each eligible residential property. The Corporation shall sell eligible residential property at the net realizable market value. The Corporation may agree to sell an eligible single family property at a price below the net realizable market value to the extent necessary to facilitate an expedited sale of the property and enable a lower-income family to purchase the property. The Corporation may agree to sell eligible