103 STAT. 356 PUBLIC LAW 101-73 - AUG. 9, 1989

(1) IN GENERAL. - The Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Chairperson of the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Chairperson of the Federal Housing Finance Board may use the services of employees and other personnel and the property of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, on a reimbursable basis, to perform functions which have been transferred to such agencies for such time as is reasonable to facilitate the orderly transfer of functions transferred pursuant to any other provision of this Act or any amendment made by this Act to any other provision of law.

(2) REIMBURSEMENT. - The reimbursement required under paragraph (1) with respect to employees, personnel, and property described in such paragraph shall be made to the FSLIC Resolution Fund and shall be taken into account in determining the amount of any reimbursement required under subsection (b)(2)(D).

(3) AGENCY SERVICES. - Any agency, department, or other instrumentality of the United States (including any Federal home loan bank), and any successor to any such agency, department, or instrumentality, which was providing supporting services to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation before the enactment of this Act in connection with functions that are transferred to the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Resolution Trust Corporation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the Federal Housing Finance Board shall -

(A) continue to provide such services, on a reimbursable basis, until the transfer of such functions is complete; and

(B) consult with any such agency to coordinate and facilitate a prompt and reasonable transition.

(f) SAVINGS PROVISIONS RELATING TO FSLIC. -

(1) EXISTING RIGHTS, DUTIES, AND OBLIGATIONS NOT AFFECTED. - Subsection (a) shall not affect the validity of any right, duty, or obligation of the United States, the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, or any other person, which -

(A) arises under or pursuant to any section of title IV of the National Housing Act; and

(B) existed on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act.

(2) CONTINUATION OF SUITS. - No action or other proceeding commenced by or against the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, or any Federal home loan bank with respect to any function of the Corporation which was delegated to employees of such bank, shall abate by reason of the enactment of this Act, except that the appropriate successor to the interests of such Corporation shall be substituted for the Corporation or the Federal home loan bank as a party to any such action or proceeding.

(g) SAVINGS PROVISIONS RELATING TO FHLBB. - 

(1) EXISTING RIGHTS, DUTIES, AND OBLIGATIONS NOT AFFECTED. - Subsection (a) shall not affect the validity of any right, duty, or obligation of the United States, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, or any other person, which -

(A) arises under or pursuant to the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933, or any other