PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989                                103 STAT. 493

Subtitle C—Improving Early Detection of
Misconduct and Encouraging Informants


SEC. 931. INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO OUTSIDE
     AUDITORS.
   (a) DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS INSURED BY THE FDIC.—Section 7(a)
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(a)) is amended
by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:
     "(8) REPORT TO INDEPENDENT AUDITOR.—
          "(A) IN GENERAL.—Each insured depository institution
        which has engaged the services of an independent auditor
        to audit such depository institution within the past 2 years
        shall transmit to such auditor a copy of the the most recent
        report of condition made by such depository institution
        (pursuant to this Act or any other provision of law) and a
        copy of the most recent report of examination received by
        such depository institution.
          "(B) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.—In addition to the copies
        of the reports required to be provided to an auditor under
        subparagraph (A), each insured depository institution shall
        provide such auditor with—
             "(i) a copy of any supervisory memorandum of
           standing with such depository institution and any writ
           ten agreement between a Federal or State banking
           agency and the depository institution which is in effect
           during the period covered by the audit; and
             "(ii) a report of any action initiated or taken by a
           Federal banking agency during such period under
           subsection (a), (b), (c), (e), (g), (i), or (s) of section 8, or of
           any similar action taken by a State banking agency
           under State law, or any other civil money penalty
           assessed under any other provision of law with respect
           to—
                   "(I) the depository institution; or
                   "(II) any institution-affiliated party.''.
   (b) INSTITUTIONS INSURED BY THE NCUA.—Section 202(a) of the
Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1782(a)) is amended by adding
after the paragraph added by section 922 of this Act the following
new paragraph:
     "(7) REPORT TO INDEPENDENT AUDITOR.—
          "(A) IN GENERAL.—Each insured credit union which has
        engaged the services of an independent auditor to audit
        such depository institution within the past 2 years shall
        transmit to such auditor a copy of the most recent report of
        condition made by such credit union (pursuant to this Act
        or any other provision of law) and a copy of the most recent 
        report of examination received by such credit union.
          "(B) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.—In addition to the copies
        of the reports required to be provided to an auditor under
        subparagraph (A), each insured credit union shall provide
        such auditor with—
             "(i) a copy of any supervisory memorandum of under
           standing with such credit union and any written agree
           ment between the Board or a State regulatory agency