103 STAT. 276              PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

     "(B) if such practices occur, the extent to which such
practices are having an anticompetitive effect and should
be prohibited.
    "(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Before the end of the 1-year period
beginning on the date of the enactment of the Financial Institu-
tions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, the
Attorney General and the Comptroller General shall submit a
report to the Congress on the results of the study conducted
pursuant to paragraph (1).".

SEC. 226. SAVINGS ASSOCIATION INSURANCE FUND INDUSTRY ADVISORY
                         COMMITTEE ESTABLISHED.
    The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is
amended by inserting after section 30 (as added by section 225 of this
title) the following new section:
  12 USC 1831h.
    "SEC. 31. SAVINGS ASSOCIATION INSURANCE FUND INDUSTRY ADVISORY
                         COMMITTEE.
    "(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is hereby established the Savings
Association Insurance Fund Industry Advisory Committee (herein-
after referred to in this section as the 'Committee').
    "(b) MEMBERSHIP.—The Committee shall consist of 18 members,
appointed as follows:
        "(1) 1 member elected from each Federal home loan bank
district (by the members of the Board of Directors of each such
bank who were elected by the members of such bank) from
among individuals residing therein who are officers of insured
depository institutions that are Savings Association Insurance
Fund members.
        "(2) 6 members appointed by the Corporation from among
individuals who shall represent the public interest.
        "(c) VACANCIES.—Any vacancy on the Committee shall be filled in
the same manner in which the original appointment was made.
        "(d) PAY AND EXPENSES.—Members of the Committee shall serve
without pay, but each member shall be reimbursed, in such manner
as the Corporation shall prescribe by regulation, for expenses in-
curred in connection with attendance of such members at meetings
of the Committee.
        "(e) TERMS.—Members shall be appointed or elected for terms of 1
year.
        "(f) AUTHORITY OF THE COMMITTEE.—The Committee may select its
Chairperson, Vice Chairperson, and Secretary, and adopt methods of
procedure, and shall have power—
        "(1) to confer with the Board of Directors on general and
special business conditions and regulatory and other matters
affecting insured financial institutions that are members of the
Savings Association Insurance Fund; and
        "(2) to request information, and to make recommendations,
with respect to matters within the jurisdiction of the Corpora-
tion.
        "(g) MEETINGS.—The Committee shall meet 4 times each year, and
more frequently if requested by the Corporation.
        "(h) REPORTS.—The Committee shall submit a semiannual written
report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of
the House and to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban
Affairs of the Senate. Such report shall describe the activities of the