103 STAT. 520        PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

SEC. 1202. OCC EMPLOYMENT PROVISION.

The 3rd undesignated paragraph of section 5240 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 482) is amended—
(1) by striking out the 1st sentence and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
"Notwithstanding any of the preceding provisions of this section to the contrary, the Comptroller of the Currency shall fix the compensation and number of, and appoint and direct, all employees of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Rates of basic pay for all employees of the Office may be set and adjusted by the Comptroller without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 or sub-chapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code. The Comptroller may provide additional compensation and benefits to employees of the Office if the same type of compensation or benefits are then being provided by any other Federal bank regulatory agency or, if not then being provided, could be provided by such an agency under applicable provisions of law, rule, or regulation. In setting and adjusting the total amount of compensation and benefits for employees of the Office, the Comptroller shall consult with, and seek to maintain comparability with, other Federal banking agencies."; and
(2) by redesignating the remaining sentences of such undesignated paragraph as a new undesignated paragraph.

SEC. 1203. NCUA EMPLOYMENT PROVISION.

Section 120 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1766) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: "(j) STAFF.—
"(1) APPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION.—The Board shall fix the compensation and number of, and appoint and direct, employees of the Board. Rates of basic pay for employees of the Board may be set and adjusted by the Board without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 or subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code.
(2) ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS.—The Board may provide additional compensation and benefits to employees of the Board if the same type of compensation or benefits are then being provided by any other Federal bank regulatory agency or, if not then being provided, could be provided by such an agency under applicable provisions of law, rule, or regulation. In setting and adjusting the total amount of compensation and benefits for employees of the Board, the Board shall seek to maintain comparability with other Federal bank regulatory agencies.
(3) FUNDING.—The salaries and expenses or the Board and employees of the Board shall be paid from fees and assessments (including income earned on insurance deposits) levied on insured credit unions under this Act."

SEC. 1204. EXPANSION OF USE OF UNDERUTILIZED MINORITY BANKS, WOMEN’S BANKS, AND LOW-INCOME CREDIT UNIONS.

(a) CONSULTATION ON EXPANDED USE.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall consult with the appropriate Federal banking agencies and the National Credit Union Administration Board on methods for increasing the use of underutilized minority banks, women’s banks, and limited income credit unions as depositaries or financial agents of Federal agencies.

