PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989 103 STAT. 279

gage Corporation pursuant to any amendment made by such Act; or
(B) established under any provision of law repealed by such Act.
(f) ANNUAL REPORT REQUIRED.—The Director shall make an annual report to the Congress. Such report shall include—
(1) a description of any changes the Director has made or is considering making in the district offices of the Office, including a description of the geographic allocation of the Office’s resources and personnel used to carry out examination and supervision functions; and
(2) a description of actions taken to carry out section 308 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989.
(g) STAFF.—
(1) APPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION.—The Director shall fix the compensation and number of, and appoint and direct, all employees of the Office of Thrift Supervision notwithstanding section 301(f)(D of title 31, United States Code. Such compensation shall be paid without regard to the provisions of other laws applicable to officers or employees of the United States.
(2) RATES OF BASIC PAY.—Rates of basic pay for employees of the Office may be set and adjusted by the Director without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 or subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code.
(3) ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS.—The Director may provide additional compensation and benefits to employees of the Office if the same type of compensation or benefits are then being provided by any Federal banking agency or, if not then being provided, could be provided by such an agency under applicable provisions of law, rule, or regulation. In setting and adjusting the total amount of compensation and benefits for employees of the Office, the Director shall consult, and seek to maintain comparability with, the Federal banking agencies.
(4) DELEGATION AUTHORITY.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Director may—
(i) designate who shall act as Director in the Director’s absence; and
(ii) delegate to any employee, representative, or agent any power of the Director.
(B) LIMITATIONS.—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A)(ii), the Director shall not, directly or indirectly—
(i) after October 10, 1989, delegate to any Federal home loan bank or to any officer, director, or employee of a Federal home loan bank, any power involving examining, supervising, taking enforcement action with respect to, or otherwise regulating any savings association, savings and loan holding company, or other person subject to regulation by the Director; or
(ii) delegate the Director’s authority to serve as a member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors.
(h) FUNDING THROUGH ASSESSMENTS.—The compensation of the Director and other employees of the Office and all other expenses thereof may be paid from assessments levied under this Act.
(i) GAO AUDIT.—The Director shall make available to the Comptroller General of the United States all books and records