103 STAT. 444				PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

"SEC. 205. TERMINATION OF CONSERVATORSHIP.

"(a) GENERAL RULE.-At any time the Comptroller becomes satis-
fied that it may safely be done and that it would be in the public
interest, the Comptroller (with the agreement of the Board of
Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation when the
Corporation has been appointed conservator) may-
"(1) terminate the conservatorship and permit the involved
bank to resume the transaction of its business subject to such
terms, conditions, and limitations as the Comptroller may pre-
scribe; or
"(2) terminate the conservatorship upon a sale, merger,
consolidation, purchase and assumption, change in control, or
voluntary dissolution and liquidation of the involved bank.
"(b) OTHER GROUNDS FOR TERMINATION.-The Comptroller also
may terminate the conservatorship upon the appointment of a
receiver pursuant to the first section of the Act of June 30, 1876 (12
U.S.C. 191).
"(c) ENFORCEMENT UNDER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT.-
Such terms, conditions, and limitations as may be prescribed under
subsection (a)(1) shall be enforceable under the provisions of section
8(i) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, to the same extent as an
order issued pursuant to section 8(b) of this Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Act which has become final. The bank may bring an action in
the United States district court for the judicial district in which the
home office of such bank is located or in the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia for an order requiring the
Comptroller to terminate the order. An action for judicial review of
the terms, conditions, and limitations may not be commenced later
than 20 days from the date of the termination of the conservatorship
or the imposition of the order, whichever is later.
"(d) ACTION UPON TERMINATION.-
"(1) IN GENERAL.-Upon termination of the conservatorship
under subsection (a)(2), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-
tion, as conservator, or when another person is appointed con-
servator, such other person, shall conclude the affairs of the
conservatorship in accordance with paragraph (2).
"(2) DEPOSIT AND DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS.-(A) Within 180 days
of the sale, merger, consolidation, purchase and assumption, change
in control, or voluntary dissolution and liquidation, the conservator
shall deposit all net proceeds received from the transaction, less any
outstanding expenses of the conservatorship, with the United States
district court for the judicial district in which the home office of
such bank is located and shall cause notice to be published for three
consecutive months and notify by mail all known and remaining
creditors and shareholders. Within 60 days thereafter, any deposi-
tor, creditor, or other claimant of the bank, or any shareholder of
the bank may bring an action in interpleader in that court for
distribution of the proceeds. The district court shall distribute such
funds equitably. If no such action is instituted within one year after
the date the funds are deposited with the district court, title to such
net proceeds shall revert to the United States and the district court
shall remit the funds to the Treasury of the United States.
(B) The conservator shall be deemed to have discharged all
responsibility of the conservatorship upon the deposit of the pro-
ceeds with the district court and giving the required notifications.".