PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989	103 STAT. 293

"(ii) FDIC OR RTC AS CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER.-
Except as provided in section 21A of the Federal Home
Loan Bank Act, the Director, at the Director's discre-
tion, may appoint the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or the Resolution Trust Corporation, as
appropriate, as conservator for a savings association.
The Director shall appoint only the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation or the Resolution Trust Cor-
poration, as appropriate, as receiver for a savings
association for the purpose of liquidation or winding up
the affairs of such savings association. The conservator
or receiver so appointed shall, as such, have power to
buy at its own sale. The Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, as such conservator or receiver, shall have
all the powers of a conservator or receiver, as appro-
priate, granted under the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act, and (when not inconsistent therewith) any other
rights, powers, and privileges possessed by conservators
or receivers, as appropriate, of savings associations
under this Act and any other provisions of law.

"(1) DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT FOR THOSE ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF CONSERVATOR.-A conservator shall require that
any independent contractor, consultant, or counsel em-
ployed by the conservator in connection with the
conservatorship of a savings association pursuant to this
section shall fully disclose to all parties with which such
contractor, consultant, or counsel is negotiating, any limita-
tion on the authority of such contractor, consultant, or
counsel to make legally binding representations on behalf
of the conservator.
"(3) REGULATIONS.-
"(A) IN GENERAL.-The Director may prescribe regula-
tions for the reorganization, consolidation, liquidation, and 
dissolution of savings associations, for the merger of in-
sured savings associations with insured savings associa-
tions, for savings associations in conservatorship and
receivership, and for the conduct of conservatorships and
receiverships. The Director may, by regulation or other-
wise, provide for the exercise of functions by members,
stockholders, directors, or officers of a savings association
during conservatorship and receivership.
"(B) FDIC OR RTC AS CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER.-In any
case where the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or
the Resolution Trust Corporation is the conservator or
receiver, any regulations prescribed by the Director shall be
consistent with any regulations prescribed by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation pursuant to the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act.
"(4) REFUSAL TO COMPLY WITH DEMAND.-Whenever a
conservator or receiver appointed by the Director demands
possession of the property, business, and assets of any savings
association, or of any part thereof, the refusal by any director,
officer, employee, or agent of such association to comply with
the demand shall be punishable by a fine of not more than
$5,000 or imprisonment for not more than one year, or both.
"(5) DEFINITIONS.-As used in this subsection, the term 'sav-
ings association' includes any savings association or former

29-194 0-91-Part 1 11: QL 3