PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989                  103 STAT. 369

"(15) TERMINATION.—The Oversight Board shall terminate 
not later than 60 days after the Oversight Board fulfills all of its 
responsibilities under this Act. 
‘‘(b) RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION ESTABLISHED.—
‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—There is hereby established a Corpora 
tion to be known as the Resolution Trust Corporation which 
shall be an instrumentality of the United States.
"(B) STATUS,—The Corporation shall be deemed to be an 
agency of the United States for purposes of subchapter II of 
chapter 5 and chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, when
it is acting as a corporation. The Corporation, when it is 
acting as a conservator or receiver of an insured depository 
institution, shall be deemed to be an agency of the United 
States to the same extent as the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation when it is acting as a conservator or receiver of 
an insured depository institution.
"(C) FDIC AS EXCLUSIVE MANAGER.—Immediately upon 
enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, 
and Enforcement Act of 1989, the Federal Deposit Insur 
ance Corporation shall be authorized to and shall perform 
all responsibilities of the Corporation, and shall continue to 
do so unless removed pursuant to subsection (m).
"(2) GOVERNMENT CORPORATION.—Notwithstanding the fact 
that no Government funds may be invested in the Corporation, 
the Corporation shall be treated, for purposes of sections 9105, 
9107, and 9108 of title 31, United States Code, as a mixed- 
ownership Government corporation which has capital of the 
Government.
"(3) DUTIES.—The duties of the Corporation shall be to carry 
out a program, under the general oversight of the Oversight 
Board and through the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(or any replacement authorized pursuant to subsection (m)), 
including—
"(A) To manage and resolve all cases involving depository 
institutions—
"(i) the accounts of which were insured by the Fed 
eral Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation before 
the enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, 
Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989; and
"(ii) for which a conservator or receiver—
"(I) had been appointed at any time during the 
period beginning on January 1, 1989, and ending 
on the date of the enactment of such Act (including 
any institution described in paragraph (6)); or
"(II) is appointed within the 3-year period begin 
ning on the date of the enactment of such Act.
‘‘(B) To manage the Federal Asset Disposition Associa 
tion, subject to the provisions of subsection (f).
‘‘(C) To conduct the operations of the Corporation in a 
manner which—
"(i) maximizes the net present value return from the 
sale or other disposition of institutions described in 
subparagraph (A) or the assets of such institutions;
"(ii) minimizes the impact of such transactions on 
local real estate and financial markets;