PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

eligible multifamily housing property for purposes of 
inspection.
(B) EXPRESSION OF SERIOUS INTEREST.-Qualifying multi-
family purchasers may give written notice of serious in-
terest in a property during a period ending 90 days after the 
time the Corporation provides notice under subparagraph 
(A), or until the Corporation determines that a property is 
ready for sale, whichever occurs first. Such notice of serious 
interest shall be in such form and include such information 
as the Corporation may prescribe.

(C) NOTICE OF READINESS FOR SALE.-Upon determining 
that a property is ready for sale the Corporation shall 
provide written notice to any qualifying multifamily pur-
chaser that has expressed serious interest in the property. 
Such notice shall specify the minimum terms and condi-
tions for sale of the property.

(D) OFFERS TO PURCHASE.-A qualifying multifamily pur-
chaser receiving notice in accordance with subparagraph 
(C) shall have 45 days (from the date notice is received) to 
make a bona fide offer to purchase a property. The Corpora-
tion shall accept an offer that complies with the terms and 
conditions established by the Corporation.

(E) LOWER-INCOME OCCUPANCY REQUIREMENTS.-Not less 
than 35 percent of all dwelling units purchased by a qualify-
ing multifamily purchaser under subparagraph (D) shall be 
made available for occupancy by and maintained as afford-
able for lower-income families during the remaining useful 
life of the property in which the units are located, provided 
that not less than 20 percent of all units shall be made 
available for occupancy by and maintained as affordable for 
very low-income families during the remaining useful life of 
such property. If a single entity purchases more than 1 
eligible property as part of the same negotiation, the 
requirements of this subparagraph shall apply in the aggre-
gate to the properties so purchased. The requirements of 
this subparagraph shall be contained in the deed or other 
recorded instrument.

(F) SALE OF MULTIFAMILY PROPERTIES TO OTHER PUR-
CHASERS.-
(i) If, upon the expiration of the period referred to in 
subparagraph (B), no qualifying multifamily purchaser 
has expressed serious interest in a property, the Cor-
poration may offer to sell the property, individually or 
in combination with other properties, to any purchaser.
(ii) The Corporation may not sell in combination 
with other properties any property which a qualifying 
multifamily purchaser has expressed serious interest in 
purchasing individually.
(iii) If, upon the expiration of the period referred to 
in subparagraph (D), no qualifying multifamily pur-
chaser has made an offer to purchase the property, the 
Corporation may sell the property, individually or in 
combination with other properties, to any purchaser.
(G) EXEMPTIONS.-
(i) CONTINUED OCCUPANCY OF CURRENT RESIDENTS.-
No purchaser of an eligible multifamily housing prop-
erty may terminate the occupancy of any person resid