PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989   103 STAT. 363

	(7) A transferring employee in the Senior Executive Service shall be placed in a comparable position at the agency or entity to which such employee is transferred.
	(8) Transferring employees shall receive notice of their position assignments no later than 120 days after the effective date of their transfer.
	(9) Upon the termination of the Resolution Trust Corporation pursuant to section 21A(m) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, any employee of such Corporation shall be transferred to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs (2) and (4) through (7) of this subsection, except that the liability for any difference in the costs of benefits described in paragraph (5) shall be liability of the Resolution Trust Corporation and not the Office of Thrift Supervision.
SEC. 405. DIVISION OF PROPERTY AND FACILITIES.
Before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Chairperson of the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Chairperson of the Federal Housing Finance Board shall jointly divide all property of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation and the Federal Home Loan Bank Board used to perform functions and activities of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board among the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Resolution Trust Corporation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Federal Housing Finance Board in accordance with the division of responsibilities, functions, and activities effected by this Act. Any disagreement between them in so doing shall be resolved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
SEC. 406. REPORT.
Before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall provide by written report to the Secretary of the Treasury, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and the Congress, a final accounting of the finances and operations of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation.
SEC. 407. REPEALS.
Title 4 of the National Housing Act (1724 et seq.) is hereby repealed.

TITLE V-FINANCING FOR THRIFT RESOLUTIONS
Subtitle A-Oversight Board and Resolution Trust Corporation

SEC. 501. OVERSIGHT BOARD AND RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION ESTABLISHED.
	(a) IN GENERAL.-The Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1421 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 21 the following new section: