103 STAT. 392       PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

executive was employed by the Corporation, participated in any case resolution or contract with the Corporation for which such person was either responsible or in which such person was personally and substantially involved except that the chief executive officer may hold any office, position, or employment so long as the chief executive officer does not, during the 1-year period, provide advice with respect to, participate in decisions relating to, or otherwise provide assistance to such entity on the enumerated matters or receive remuneration with respect thereto from such company.
    "(5) OTHER AGENCY EMPLOYEES.-Directors, officers, and employees of the Oversight Board and the Corporation who are also subject to the ethical rules of another agency or Government Corporation shall file with the Corporation a copy of any financial disclosure statement required by such other agency or corporation.
Regulations.  "(6) DISAPPROVAL OF CONTRACTORS.—
  "(A) IN GENERAL.—The Oversight Board shall prescribe regulations establishing procedures for ensuring that any individual who is performing, directly or indirectly, any function or service on behalf of the Corporation meets minimum standards of competence, experience, integrity, and fitness.
  "(B) PROHIBITION FROM SERVICE ON BEHALF OF CORPORATION.—The procedures established under subparagraph (A) shall provide that the Corporation shall prohibit any person who does not meet the minimum standards of competence, experience, integrity, and fitness from-
	"(i) entering into any contract with the Corporation;
	or
	"(ii) being employed by the Corporation or any person performing any service for or on behalf of the Corporation.
        
  "(C) INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE SUBMITTED.—The procedures established under subparagraph (A) shall require that any offer submitted to the Corporation by any person under this section and any employment application submitted to the Corporation by any person shall include-
	"(i) a list and description of any instance during the preceding 5 years in which the person or company under such person's control defaulted on a material obligation to an insured depository institution; and
	"(ii) such other information as the Board may prescribe by regulation.
  "(D) SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSIONS.-No offer submitted to the Corporation may be accepted unless the offeror agrees that no person will be employed, directly or indirectly, by the offeror under any contract with the Corporation unless all applicable information described in subparagraph (C) with respect to any such person is submitted to the Corporation and the Corporation does not disapprove of the direct or indirect employment of such person. Any decision made by the Corporation pursuant to this paragraph shall be in its sole discretion and shall not be subject to review.
  "(E) PROHIBITION REQUIRED IN CERTAIN CASES.-The standards established under subparagraph (A) shall require the Corporation to prohibit any person who has-