PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989											103 STAT. 529

SEC. 1214. AMENDMENT RELATED TO THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ACT. 
Section 7A(c) of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 18a(c)) is amended—
 	(1) in paragraph (7), by inserting “section 10(e) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act,” after “transactions which require agency approval under “; and
		(2) in paragraph (8), by striking out “, section 403 or 408(e) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1726 and 1730a),”.

SEC. 1215. CAPITAL AND ACCOUNTING STANDARDS.

Before the end of the 1—year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, each appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) shall establish uniform accounting standards to be used for determining the capital ratios of all federally insured depository institutions and for other regulatory purposes. Each such agency shall report annually to the Chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives any differences between the capital standard used by such agency and capital standards used by any other such agency. Each such report shall contain an explanation of the reasons for any discrepancy in such capital standard and shall be published in the Federal Register.

SEC. 1216. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY.

(a) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this Act, Executive Order Numbered 11478, providing for equal employment opportunity in the Federal Government, shall apply to—
	(1) the Comptroller of the Currency;
	(2) the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision;
	(3) the Federal home loan banks;
	(4) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
	(5) the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation; and
	(6) the Resolution Trust Corporation.
		
(b) AFFIRMATIVE PROGRAM FOR EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY.—For purposes of this Act, sections 1 and 2 of Executive Order Numbered 11478, providing for the adoption and implementation of equal employment opportunity, shall apply to the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.

(c) SOLICITATION OF CONTRACTS.— The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Federal Housing Finance Board, the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, and the Resolution Trust Corporation shall each prescribe regulations to establish and oversee a minority outreach program within each such agency to ensure inclusion, to the maximum extent possible, of minorities and women, and entities owned by minorities and women, including financial institutions, investment banking firms, underwriters, accountants, and providers of legal services, in all contracts entered into by the agency with such persons or entities, public and private, in order to manage the institutions and their assets for which the agency is responsible or to perform such other functions authorized under any law applicable to such agency.