PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989                                            103 STAT. 487

rulings where there are no disputes as to material facts of the case.

SEC. 917. TASK FORCE STUDY OF DELEGATION OF ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS.
(a) CREATION OF TASK FORCE.—The appropriate Federal banking agencies (as defined in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) and the National Credit Union Administration Board shall create a joint task force to study the desirability and feasibility of delegating investigation and enforcement authority to their regional or district offices or banks. 
(b) COMPOSITION OF TASK FORCE.—The composition of the task force shall be reasonably balanced between officials from headquarters and officials from the regions, districts, or district banks. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than September 30, 1990, the task force shall report to the Congress the findings and recommendations of the Task Force, together with the responses of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Chairman of the National Credit Union Administration. 

SEC. 918. ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Each agency described in subsection (b) shall submit an annual report to Congress which shall contain the following information with respect to the 12-month period for which such report is made:
     (1) The number of formal and informal supervisory, administrative, and civil enforcement actions initiated by such agency during such 12-month period, and the number of such actions completed by such agency during such 12-month period, including actions initiated or taken with respect to memoranda of understanding, written agreements, cease and desist orders (including temporary orders), suspension orders, removal or prohibition orders, and civil money penalty assessments. 
     (2) The number of individuals and institutions against whom civil money penalties were assessed by such agency during such 12-month period, the amount of each such penalty, the total amount of all such penalties, and data on uncollected penalties for such period and prior years. 
     (3) A description of all other enforcement efforts and initiatives relating to unsafe and unsound practices, criminal misconduct, and insider abuse which were undertaken by such agency during such 12-month period.
     (4) The number of criminal referrals made to the Department of Justice.
     (5) With respect to the criminal referrals received by the Department of Justice and with respect to investigations of similar matters initiated without such a referral, the number and status of grand jury investigations and investigations being conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the number and disposition of prosecutions and civil actions commenced by the Attorney General.
     (6) Recommendations concerning the need for additional legislation or financial resources.
(b) AGENCIES REQUIRED TO SUBMIT REPORTS.—The agencies referred to in subsection (a) are as follows: