103 STAT. 298         PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

construed as authorizing such State banking authority to exam- 
ine the books, records, and assets of such associations.
"(3) PROHIBITIONS. - No Federal savings association shall re- 
ceive in its trust department deposits of current funds subject to 
check or the deposit of checks, drafts, bills of exchange, or other 
items for collection or exchange purposes. Funds deposited or 
held in trust by the association awaiting investment shall be 
carried in a separate account and shall not be used by the 
association in the conduct of its business unless it shall first set 
aside in the trust department United States bonds or other 
securities approved by the Director.
"(4) SEPARATE LIEN. - In the event of the failure of a Federal
savings association, the owners of the funds held in trust for
investment shall have a lien on the bonds or other securities so 
set apart in addition to their claim against the estate of the 
association.
"(5) DEPOSITS. - Whenever the laws of a State require corpora- 
tions acting in a fiduciary capacity to deposit securities with the
State authorities for the protection of private or court trusts,
Federal savings associations so acting shall be required to make 
similar deposits. Securities so deposited shall be held for the 
protection of private or court trusts, as provided by the State 
law. Federal savings associations in such cases shall not be required to execute the bond usually required of individuals if
State corporations under similar circumstances are exempt 
from this requirement. Federal savings associations shall have
power to execute such bond when so required by the laws of the
State involved.
"(6) OATHS AND AFFIDAVITS. - In any case in which the laws of
a State require that a corporation acting as trustee, executor,
administrator, or in any capacity specified in this section, shall 
take an oath or make an affidavit, the president, vice president,
cashier, or trust officer of such association may take the nec- 
essary oath or execute the necessary affidavit.
"(7) CERTAIN LOANS PROHIBITED. - It shall be unlawful for any
Federal savings association to lend any officer, director, or
employee any funds held in trust under the powers conferred by
this section. Any officer, director, or employee making such
loan, or to whom such loan is made, may be fined not more than 
$50,000 or twice the amount of that person's gain from the loan,
whichever is greater, or may be imprisoned not more than 5
years, or may be both fined and imprisoned, in the discretion of 
the court.
"(8) FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED. - In reviewing applications for
permission to exercise the powers enumerated in this section,
the Director may consider -
"(A) the amount of capital of the applying Federal sav- 
ings association,
"(B) whether or not such capital is sufficient under the
circumstances of the case,
"(C) the needs of the community to be served, and
"(D) any other facts and circumstances that seem to it 
proper.
The Director may grant or refuse the application accordingly,
except that no permit shall be issued to any association having 
capital less than the capital required by State law of State


Law enforcement 
and crime.