103 STAT. 414

PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989


           "(A) one shall be appointed for a term of 1 year;
           "(B) one shall be appointed for a term of 3 years; and
           "(C) one shall be appointed for a term of 5 years.
(c) CHAIRPERSON; TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS.—
     "(1) IN GENERAL.—The President shall designate 1 of the 
appointed directors to be the Chairperson of the Board. The 
Chairperson shall designate another director to serve as Acting 
Chairperson during the absence or disability of the Chairperson.
     "(2) TRANSITIONAL PROVISION.—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Financial Institutions Reforms, Recovery, and 
Enforcement Act of 1989, until such time that at least 2 direc­ 
tors are appointed and confirmed pursuant to subsection (b), the 
Secretary shall act for all purposes and with the full powers of 
the Board of Directors. The Secretary may utilize the services of 
employees from the Department of Housing and Urban Devel­ 
opment to perform services for the Board of Directors during 
such transition period.
(d) VACANCIES.—
     "(1) IN GENERAL.—Any vacancy on the Board of Directors 
shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment 
was made. Any director appointed to fill a vacancy occurring 
before the expiration of the term for which such director's 
predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the 
remainder of such term. Each director may continue to serve 
until a successor has been appointed and qualified.
     "(2) THE SECRETARY.—In the event of a vacancy in the office of 
Secretary or during the absence or disability of the Secretary, 
the Acting Secretary shall act as a director in place of the 
Secretary.
12 USC 1422b.
SEC. 28. POWERS AND DUTIES.
(a) GENERAL POWERS.—The Board shall have the following 
powers:
  "(1) To supervise the Federal Home Loan Banks and to 
promulgate and enforce such regulations and orders as are 
necessary from time to time to carry out the provisions of this 
Act. 
  "(2) To suspend or remove for cause a director, officer, em­ 
ployee, or agent of any Federal Home Loan Bank or joint office. 
The cause of such suspension or removal shall be communicated 
in writing to such director, officer, employee, or agent and to 
such Bank or joint office. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this Act, no officer, employee, or agent of a Bank or joint 
office shall be a Federal officer or employee under any defini­ 
tion of either term in title 5, United States Code. 
  "(3) To determine necessary expenditures of the Board under 
this Act and the manner in which such expenditures shall be 
incurred, allowed, and paid. 
  "(4) To use the United States mails in the same manner and 
under the same conditions as a department or agency of the 
United States.
(b) STAFF.—
  "(1) BOARD STAFF.—Subject to title IV of the Financial Institu­ 
tions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, the 
Board may employ, direct, and fix the compensation and 
number of employees, attorneys, and agents of the Federal 
Housing Finance Board, except that in no event shall the Board