(c) GUARANTEED POSITION.—Each transferred employee shall be
guaranteed a position with the same status and tenure as that held
by such employee on the day immediately preceding the transfer.
Each such employee holding a permanent position shall not be
involuntarily separated for one year after the date of transfer,
except for cause.
(d) PAY AND BENEFITS.—Each employee transferred under this
section shall be entitled to receive, during the one-year period
immediately following the transfer, pay and benefits comparable to
those received by such employee immediately preceding the transfer. Where necessary or appropriate to further the safety and
soundness of the thrift industry, the employing agency may continue the pre-transfer compensation of any transferring employee
for up to 2 years beyond the expiration of the period provided for
under the preceding sentence. Such pay and benefits shall be subject
to the comparability provisions of this Act. Any transferred employee who suffers a reduction of pay or benefits as a result of such
comparability provisions shall be compensated for such reduction
during the 1 year period following the transfer by assessments from
the Federal Home Loan Bank or joint office of such Banks, from
which the employee transferred. In any event, this subsection shall
only apply to a transferred employee while such employee remains
with the agency to which the employee is transferred.
(e) HEALTH INSURANCE.—If the health insurance program of a
transferred employee is not continued by the agency to which the
employee is transferred, such employee may elect to participate in
the agency’s health insurance program notwithstanding health
conditions pre-existing at the time of election or enrollment into an
alternate health insurance program of the agency to which he or she
is transferred and without regard to any other regularly scheduled
open season. Such election shall be made within 30 days of the
transfer.
(f) EQUITABLE TREATMENT.—The Director of the Office of Thrift
Supervision or the Chairperson of the Federal Housing Finance
Board shall take such action as is necessary on a case-by-case basis
so that employees transferring under this section receive equitable
treatment regarding credit for prior service with a Federal entity or
instrumentality, or with a Federal Home Loan Bank or joint office
of such Banks, with respect to the transferring employees’ retire?
ment accounts and the transferring employees’ accrued leave or
vacation time, in recognition of the transferring employees’ supervisory service.
(g) SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN ANNUITANTS.—An individual who
was a reemployed annuitant on July 26, 1989, and who is transferred under this section, shall not be subject to the deduction from
pay required by section 8344 or 8468 of title 5, United States Code,
during the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the
Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of
1989.

SEC. 723. TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS.

(a) FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANKS’ SHARE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.—The Federal Home Loan Banks shall pay to the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision the amount obtained by multiplying
the administrative expenses of the Office of Thrift Supervision
incurred in connection with functions of the Banks that are trans-