103 STAT. 206                 PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

SEC 207. INSURABILITY FACTORS.
    Section 6 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1816) is 
amended to read as follows:
"SEC. 6. FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED.
    "The factors that are required, under section 4, to be considered in
connection with, and enumerated in, any certificate issued pursuant
to section 4 and that are required, under section 5, to be considered
by the Board of Directors in connection with any determination by
such Board pursuant to section 5 are the following:

    "(1) The financial history and condition of the depository 
institution.
    "(2) The adequacy of the depository institution's capital struc-
ture.
    "(3) The future earnings prospects of the depository institu-
tion.
    "(4) The general character and fitness of the management of
the depository institution.
    "(5) The risk presented by such depository institution to the
Bank Insurance Fund or the Savings Association Insurance
Fund.
    "(6) The convenience and needs of the community to be served
by such depository institution.
    "(7) Whether the depository institution's corporate powers are
consistent with the purposes of this Act.".

SEC. 208. ASSESSMENTS.
    Section 7 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817) is
amended-
    (1) in subsection (a)(2)—
        (A) by inserting "the Director of the Office of Thrift
Supervision, the Federal Housing Finance Board, any
Federal home loan bank," after "Comptroller of the
Currency" each place such term appears (except after
"Comptroller of the Currency,");
        (B) by inserting "the Director of the Office of Thrift
Supervision, the Federal Housing Finance Board, any Fed-
eral home loan bank," after "Comptroller of the Cur-
rency,";
        (C) by striking out "either" in the 1st sentence and
inserting in lieu thereof"any";
        (D) in the last sentence of subparagraph (A), by inserting
"or savings associations" after "banks";
        (E) by striking out "State nonmember bank (except a
District bank)" and inserting in lieu thereof "depository
institution"; and
        (F) by striking out subparagraph (B) and inserting the
following:
     "(B) ADDITIONAL REPORTS.-The Board of Directors may from
time to time require any insured depository institution to file
such additional reports as the Corporation, after agreement
with the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System, and the Director of the Office of
Thrift Supervision, as appropriate, may deem advisable for
insurance purposes.";
    (2) in subsection (a)(3)—