PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989  103 STAT. 367

     "(B) Federal deposit insurance corporation.-Nothing
contained in this section shall give the Oversight Board
authority over the activities, powers, or functions of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation except to the extent
provided in this section and only with respect to the activi-
ties of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in carry-
ing out the responsibilities of the Corporation. The Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation shall be subject to the
obligations, responsibilities, duties, and restrictions im-
posed by this section only to the extent it is carrying out the
functions of the Corporation.
     "(9) Delegation.-Except with respect to the meetings re-
quired by paragraph (10), nothing in this section shall preclude
a member of the Oversight Board who is a public official from
delegating his or her authority to an employee or officer of such
member's agency or organization, if such employee or officer
has been appointed by the President with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the
Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System may delegate his or her authority to another member of
the Board of Governors.
    "(10) Quarterly meetings.-Not less than 4 times each year,
the Oversight Board shall conduct open meetings to establish
and review the general policy of the Corporation and to consider
such other standards, policies, and procedures as necessary to
carry out its functions under this Act.
     "(11) Power to remove; jurisdiction.-Notwithstanding any
other provision of law, any civil action, suit, or proceeding to
which the Oversight Board is a party shall be deemed to arise
under the laws of the United States, and the United States
district courts shall have original jurisdiction. The Oversight
Board may, without bond or security, remove any such action,
suit, or proceeding from a State Court to a United States District
Court or to the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia.
     "(12) Administrative expenses.-The administrative ex-
penses of the Oversight Board shall be paid by the Corporation,
upon request of the Oversight Board.
     "(13) Standards, policies, procedures, guidelines, and 
statements.-The Oversight Board may issue rules, regula-
tions, standards, policies, procedures, guidelines, and 
statements as the Oversight Board considers necessary or
appropriate to carry out its authorities and duties under this
Act which shall be promulgated pursuant to subchapter II of
chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code.
     "(14) Strategic plan for corporation operations.-
        "(A) In general.-The Oversight Board shall, subject to
paragraph (6), develop a strategic plan for conducting the
Corporation's functions and activities. The Oversight Board
shall submit the strategic plan to the Congress not later
than December 31, 1989.
        "(B) Provisions of plan.-The strategic plan and im-
plementing policies and procedures required under this
paragraph shall at a minimum contain the following:
           "(i) Factors the Corporation shall consider in decid-
ing the order in which failed institutions or categories
of failed institutions will be resolved.