PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989 103 STAT. 321

"(B) commence any business activity, other than the
activities described in paragraph (2); or

"(C) continue any business activity, other than the acti­
vities described in paragraph (2), after the end of the 2-year
period beginning on the date on which such company re­
ceived approval under subsection (e) of this section to
become a savings and loan holding company subject to the
limitations contained in this subparagraph.

"(2) EXEMPT ACTIVITIES.—The prohibitions of subparagraphs
(B) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following
business activities of any savings and loan holding company or
any subsidiary (of such company) which is not a savings associa­
tion:
              
"(A) Furnishing or performing management services for a
savings association subsidiary of such company.

"(B) Conducting an insurance agency or escrow business.

"(C) Holding, managing, or liquidating assets owned or
acquired from a savings association subsidiary of such com­
pany.

"(D) Holding or managing properties used or occupied by
a savings association subsidiary of such company.

"(E) Acting as trustee under deed of trust.

"(F) Any other activity—
              
"(i) which the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, by regulation, has determined to be
permissible for bank holding companies under section
4(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, unless
the Director, by regulation, prohibits or limits any such
activity for savings and loan holding companies; or

"(ii) in which multiple savings and loan holding
companies were authorized (by regulation) to directly
engage on March 5, 1987.
              
"(G) In the case of a savings and loan holding company,
purchasing, holding, or disposing of stock acquired in
connection with a qualified stock issuance if the purchase of
such stock by such savings and loan holding company is
approved by the Director pursuant to subsection (q)(1)(D).

"(3) CERTAIN LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES NOT APPLICABLE TO
CERTAIN HOLDING COMPANIES.—Notwithstanding paragraphs (4)
and (6) of this subsection, the limitations contained in subpara­
graphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall not apply to any
savings and loan holding company (or any subsidiary of such
company) which controls—

"(A) only 1 savings association, if the savings association
subsidiary of such company is a qualified thrift lender (as
determined under subsection (m)); or

"(B) more than 1 savings association, if —
              
"(i) all, or all but 1, of the savings association subsidi­
aries of such company were initially acquired by the
company or by an individual who would be deemed to
control such company if such individual were a com­
pany—

"(I) pursuant to an acquisition under section
13(c) or 13(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act
or section 408(m) of the National Housing Act; or

"(II) pursuant to an acquisition in which assist­
ance was continued to a savings association under