103 STAT. 302          PUBLIC LAW 101-73–AUG. 9, 1989

           “(2)(A) Any person may sue for and have injunctive relief, in any 
      court of the United States having jurisdiction over the parties, 
      against threatened loss or damage by reason of a violation of 
      paragraph (1), under the same conditions and principles as injunc-
      tive relief against threatened conduct that will cause loss or damage 
      is granted by courts of equity and under the rules governing such 
      proceedings.
             “(B) Upon the execution of proper bond against damages for an 
      injunction improvidently granted and a showing that the danger of 
      irreparable loss or damage is immediate, a preliminary injunction 
      may issue.
             “(3) Any person injured by a violation of paragraph (1) may bring 
      an action in any district court of the United States in which the 
      defendant resides or is found or has an agent, without regard to the 
      amount in controversy, or in any other court of competent jurisdic-
      tion, and shall be entitled to recover three times the amount of the 
      damages sustained, and the cost of suit, including a reasonable 
      attorney’s fee. Any such action shall be brought within 4 years from
      the date of the occurrence of the violation.
            “(4) Nothing contained in this subsection affects in any manner 
      the right of the United States or any other party to bring an action 
      under any other law of the United States or of any State, including 
      any right which may exist in addition to specific statutory authority, 
      challenging the legality of any act or practice which may be pre-
      scribed by this subsection. No regulation or order issued by the 
      Director under this subsection shall in any manner constitute a 
      defense to such action.
            “(5) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘loan’ includes 
      obligations and extensions or advances of credit.
       “(f) Out-of-State Branches.—(1) No Federal savings association 
      may establish, retain, or operate a branch outside the State in which 
      the Federal savings association has its home office, unless the 
      association qualifies as a domestic building and loan association 
      under section 7701(a)(19) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
      meets the asset composition test imposed by subparagraph (c) of that 
      section on institutions seeking so to qualify. No out-of-State branch 
      so established shall be retained or operated unless the total assets of 
      the Federal savings association attributable to all branches of the 
      Federal savings association in that State would qualify the branches 
      as a whole, were they otherwise eligible, for treatment as a domestic 
      building and loan association under section 7701(a)(19).
             “(2) The limitations of paragraph (1) shall not apply if—
                    “(A) the branch results from a transaction authorized under 
      section 13(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act;
                    “(B) the branch was authorized for the Federal savings 
      association prior to October 15, 1982;
                    “(C) the law of the State where the branch would be located 
      would permit the branch to be established if the branch were a 
      Federal savings association chartered by the State in which its 
      home office is located; or
                    “(D) the branch was operated lawfully as a branch under 
      State law prior to the association’s conversion to a Federal 
      charter.
            “(3)The Director, for good cause shown, may allow Federal sav-
      ings associations up to 2 years to comply with the requirements of 
      this subsection.
       “(g) Minimum Capital Requirements.—