103 STAT. 216			PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

date of the enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989) after the beginning of such calendar year and before such date of enactment; and

“(B) in the computation of the maximum amount of any savings association’s offset for such calendar year under paragraph (1) after taking into account—

“(i) the amount of any offset by such savings association under section 404(e)(2) of the National Housing Act (as in effect before such date of enactment) after the beginning of such calendar year and before such date of enactment; and

(ii) the change of such association’s premium year from the 1-year period applicable under section 404(b) of the National Housing Act (as in effect before such date of enactment) to a calendar year basis.

(n) COLLECTIONS ON BEHALF OF THE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF THRIFT SUPERVISION.— When requested by the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Corporation shall collect on behalf of the Director assessments on savings associations levied by the Director under section 9 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act. The Corporation shall be reimbursed for its actual costs for the collection of such assessments. Any such assessments by the Director shall be in addition to any amounts assessed by the Corporation, the Financing Corporation, and the Resolution Funding Corporation.”.

SEC. 209. CORPORATE POWERS OF THE FDIC.

Section 9 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1819) is amended—

(1) by striking out “bank” and “banks” each place such terms appear (except in the last sentence of the paragraph designated the “Fourth”) and inserting in lieu thereof “depository institution” and “depository institutions”, respectively; and

(2) by striking out “Upon the date” and inserting the following:
“(a) IN GENERAL.—Upon the date”;
(3) by amending the paragraph designated the “Fourth” to read as follows:
“Fourth. To sue and be sued, and complain and defend, in any court of law or equity, State or Federal.’’; and
(4) by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
“(b) AGENCY AUTHORITY.—
“(1) STATUS.— The Corporation, in any capacity, shall be an agency of the United States for purposes of section 1345 of title 28, United States Code, without regard to whether the Corporation commenced the action.
“(2) FEDERAL COURT JURISDICTION.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.— Except as provided in subparagraph (D), all suits of a civil nature at common law or in equity to which the Corporation, in any capacity, is a party shall be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States.
“(B) REMOVAL.— Except as provided in subparagraph (D), the Corporation may, without bond or security, remove any action, suit, or proceeding from a State court to the appropriate United States district court.

