103 STAT. 270		PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

"(B) TREATMENT OF NONCOMPLIANCE DURING DIVEST-
MENT.—With respect to any equity investment held by any
savings association on May 1, 1989, the savings association
shall be deemed not to be in violation of the prohibition in
paragraph (1) or (2) on retaining such investment so long as
the savings association complies with any applicable
requirement established by the Corporation pursuant to
subparagraph (A) for divesting such investments.
"(d) CORPORATE DEBT SECURITIES NOT OF INVESTMENT GRADE.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—No savings association may, directly or
through a subsidiary, acquire or retain any corporate debt
security not of investment grade.
"(2) EXCEPTION FOR SECURITIES HELD BY QUALIFIED AFFILIATE.—
Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any corporate debt security not of investment grade which is acquired and retained by any qualified affiliate of a savings association.
"(3) TRANSmON RULE.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation shall require any
savings association or any subsidiary of any savings associa-
tion to divest any corporate debt security not of investment
grade the retention of which is not permissible under para-
graph (1) as quickly as can be prudently done, and in any
event not later than July 1, 1994.
"(B) TREATMENT OF NONCOMPLIANCE DURING DIVEST-
MENT.—With respect to any corporate debt security not of
investment grade held by any savings association or
subsidiary on the date of enactment of the Financial
Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of
1989, the savings association or subsidiary shall be deemed
not to be in violation of the prohibition in paragraph (1) on
retaining such investment so long as the association or
subsidiary complies with any applicable requirement estab-
lished by the Corporation pursuant to subparagraph (A) for
divesting such securities.
"(4) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section—
"(A) INVESTMENT GRADE.—Any corporate debt security is
not of 'investment grade' unless that security, when ac-
quired by the savings association or subsidiary, was rated in
one of the 4 highest rating categories by at least one
nationally recognized statistical rating organization.
"(B) QUALIFIED AFFILIATE.—The term 'qualified affiliate'
means—
"(i) in the case of a stock savings association, an
affiliate other than a subsidiary or an insured deposi-
tory institution; and
"(ii) in the case of a mutual savings association, a
subsidiary other than an insured depository institution,
so long as all of the savings association's investments in
and extensions of credit to the subsidiary are deducted
from the savings association's capital.
"(C) CERTAIN SECURITIES NOT INCLUDED.—The term 'cor-
porate debt security not of investment grade' does not
include any obligation issued or guaranteed by a corpora-
tion that may be held by a Federal savings association
without limitation as to percentage of assets under subpara-
graphs (D), (E), or (F) of section 5(c)(1) of the Home Owners'
Loan Act.