103 STAT. 292          PUBLIC LAW 101-73---AUG. 9, 1989

tion which is likely to cause insolvency or substantial dissolution of assets or earnings, or is likely to weaken the condition of the association or otherwise seriously prejudice the interests of its depositors.
    "(D) APPROVAL OF STATE OFFICIAL---(i) The authority conferred by subparagraph (C) shall not be exercised without the written approval of the State official having jurisdiction of the insured State savings association that one or more of the grounds specified for such exercise exist.
    "(ii) If such approval has not been received within 30 days of receipt of notice to the State that the Director has determined such grounds exist, and the Director has responded in writing to the State's written reasons, if any, for withholding approval, then the Director may proceed without State approval.
    "(E) POWER OF APPOINTMENT; JUDICIAL REVIEW.---The Director shall have exclusive power and jurisdiction to appoint a conservator or receivers for a Federal savings association. If, in the opinion of the Director, a ground for the appointment of a conservator or receiver for a savings exists, the Director is authorized to appoint ex parte and without notice a conservator or receiver for the savings association. In the event of such appointment, the association may, within 30 days thereafter, bring an action in the United States district court for the judicial district in which the home office of such association is located or, in the United States Discrict Court for the District of Columbia, for an order requiring the Director to remove such conservator or receiver, and the court shall upon the merits dismiss such action or direct the Director to remove such conservator or receiver. Upon the commencemnet of such an action, the court having jurisdiction of any other action or proceeding authorized under this subsection to which the association is party shall stay any such action or proceeding during the pendency of the action for removal of the conservator or receiver.
    "(F) REPLACEMENT---The Director may, without any prior notice, hearing, or other action, replace a conservator with another conservator or with a receiver, but such replacement shall not affect any right which the association may have to obtain judicial review of the original appointment, except that any removal under this subparagraph shall be removal of the conservator or receiver in office at the time of such removal.
    "(G) COURT ACTION---Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, no court may take any action for or toward the removal of any conservator or receiver or, except at the request of the Director, to restrain or affect the exercise of powers or functions of a conservator or receiver.
    "(H) POWERS---
        "(i) IN GENERAL.---A conservator shall have all the creditors, the directors, and the officers of the association and shall be authorized to operate the association in its own name or authorized by the Director.
(Courts, U.S.)