PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989           103 STAT. 511

months after the date of the enactment of this Act and the second 
report shall be submitted to the Congress not later than 21 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act. Each report shall set 
forth—
                (1) the results of the study under this section;
                (2) any recommendations of the Comptroller General with 
                respect to appropriate capital standards for each government-
                sponsored enterprise;
                (3) any recommendations of the Comptroller General with 
                respect to information that, in the determination of the
                Comptroller General, should be provided to the Congress 
                concerning—
                (A) the extent and nature of the activities of the govern-
                ment-sponsored enterprises; and
                (B) the nature of any periodic reports that the Comptrol-
                ler General believes should be submitted to the Congress 
                relating to the capital condition and operations of the 
                government-sponsored enterprises; and
                (4) any recommendations and opinions of the Secretary of 
                Agriculture, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Hous-
                ing and Urban Development, and the Secretary of the Treasury 
                regarding the report, to the extent that the recommendations 
                and views of such officers differ from the recommendations and 
                opinions of the Comptroller General.
        (f) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this section, the term "govern-
        ment-sponsored enterprises" means the Federal Home Loan Mort-
        gage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association, the 
        Federal Home Loan Bank System, the Farm Credit Banks, the 
        Banks for Cooperatives, the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corpora-
        tion, the College Construction Loan Insurance Corporation, the 
        Student Loan Marketing Association.

                                                TITLE XI—REAL ESTATE APPRAISAL
                                                                  REFORM AMENDMENTS

12 USC 3331.             SEC. 1101. PURPOSE. 
                The purpose of this title is to provide that Federal financial and 
                public policy interests in real estate related transactions will be 
                protected by requiring that real estate appraisals utilized in connec-
                tion with federally related transactions are performed in writing, in 
                accordance with uniform standards, by individuals whose com-
                petency has been demonstrated and whose professional conduct will 
                be subject to effective supervision.

12 USC 3310.            SEC. 1102. ESTABLISHMENT OF APPRAISAL SUBCOMMITTEE OF THE FED-
                ERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION COUNCIL.
                The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 
                1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end thereof 
                the following new section:
"SEC. 1011. ESTABLISHMENT OF APPRAISAL SUBCOMMITTEE.
                "There shall be within the Council a subcommittee to be known as 
                the 'Appraisal Subcommittee', which shall consist of the designees of 
                the heads of the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies.