PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

and the compensation rates and benefits established for each class of positions, all of which shall be subject to the provisions of subsection (a)(5);
“(2) select a Board of Directors and a chief executive officer for the Corporation; and
“(3) provide to Congress, not later than 60 days before the removal of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the operations and management plan developed pursuant to paragraph (1) and the identity of the Board of Directors and the chief executive officer selected pursuant to paragraph (2).
“(o) TERMINATION.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation shall terminate not later than December 31, 1996. If at the time of its termination, the Corporation is acting as a conservator or receiver, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall succeed the Corporation as conservator or receiver.
“(2) CASE RESOLUTIONS TRANSFERRED.—Simultaneous with the termination of the Corporation as provided in paragraph (1), all assets and liabilities of the Corporation shall be transferred to the FSLIC Resolution Fund. Thereafter the FSLIC Resolution Fund shall transfer any net proceeds from the sale of assets to the Resolution Funding Corporation.
“(p) CONFLICT OF INTEREST.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—
“(A) The Oversight Board and the Corporation shall each be an ‘agency’ for purposes of title 18, United States Code. Any individual who, pursuant to a contract or any other arrangement, performs functions or activities of the Oversight Board or the Corporation, under the direct supervision of an officer or employee of the Oversight Board or the Corporation, shall be deemed to be an employee of the Oversight Board or the Corporation for the purposes of title 18, United States Code and this Act.
“(B) Any individual who, pursuant to a contract or any other agreement, acts for or on behalf of the Corporation shall be deemed to be a public official for the purposes of section 201 of title 18, United States Code.
“(2) ESTABLISHMENT OF RULES.—The Oversight Board and the Regulations. Corporation shall, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, promulgate rules and regulations governing conflict of interest, ethical responsibilities, and post employment restrictions applicable to members, officers, and employees of the Oversight Board and the Corporation that shall be no less stringent than those applicable to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
“(3) USE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.—The Oversight Regulations. Board and the Corporation shall, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, promulgate rules and regulations applicable to independent contractors governing conflicts of interest, ethical responsibilities, and the use of confidential information consistent with the goals and purposes of titles 18 and 41, United States Code.
“(4) POST EMPLOYMENT.—The chief executive officer of the Corporation shall be prohibited for a period of 1 year after leaving the Corporation from holding any office, position, or employment with, or receiving remuneration from, a company (other than the Corporation) which, during the time the chief