103 STAT. 422				PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

SEC. 717. BANK STOCK AND OBLIGATIONS.
	Section 23 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1443) is amended to read as follows:
"SEC. 23. FORMS OF BANK STOCK AND OBLIGATIONS.
	"Any stock, debentures, bonds, notes, or other obligations issued under the authority of this Act may be issued in uncertificated form, utilizing a book entry method, or in certificated form under such rules, regulations, or guidelines as the Board of Directors of the Federal Housing Finance Board may provide."

SEC. 718. THRIFT ADVISORY COUNCIL.
	Section 8a of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1428a) is hereby repealed.

SEC. 719. EXAMINATION OF MEMBERS.
	Section 22 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1442) is amended to read as follows:

"SEC. 22. MEMBER FINANCIAL INFORMATION.
	Classified information.
	"(a) IN GENERAL.—In order to enable the Federal Home Loan Banks to carry out the provisions of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Chairperson of the National Credit Union Administration, and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, upon request by any Federal Home Loan Bank—
		"(1) shall make available in confidence to any Federal Home Loan Bank, such reports, records, or other information as may be available, relating to the condition of any member of any Federal Home Loan Bank or any institution with respect to which any such Bank has had or contemplates having transactions under this Act; and
		"(2) may perform through their examiners or other employees or agents, for the confidential use of the Federal Home Loan Bank, examinations of institutions for which such agency is the appropriate Federal banking regulatory agency.
	Reports.
	In addition, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Chairperson of the National Credit Union Administration, and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision shall make available to the Board or any Federal Home Loan Bank the financial reports filed by members of any Bank to enable the Board or a Bank to compile and publish cost of funds indices or other financial or statistical reports.
	"(b) CONSENT BY MEMBERS.—Every member of a Federal Home Loan Bank shall, as a condition precedent thereto, be deemed—
		"(1) to consent to such examinations as the Bank or the Board may require for the purposes of this Act;
		"(2) to agree that reports of examinations by local, State, or Federal agencies or institutions may be furnished by such authorities to the Bank or the Board upon request; and
		"(3) to agree to give the Bank or the Federal agency, upon request, such information as they may need to compile and publish cost of funds indices and to publish other reports or statistical summaries pertaining to the activities of Bank members.".