103 STAT. 442            PUBLIC LAW 101-73--AUG. 9. 1989


and the sale of the bank, or of control of the bank, as a going
concern;' '.

SEC. 802. APPOINTMENT OF CONSERVATOR.
Section .203 of the Bank Conservation Act (12 U.S.C. 203) is
amended to read as follows:

"SEC. 203. APPOINTMENT OF CONSERVATOR.
"(a) APPOINTMENT.—The Comptroller of the Currency may, with-
out notice or prior hearing, appoint a conservator, which may be the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. to take possession and con-
trol of a bank whenever the Comptroller determines that one or
more of the following circumstances exist:
"(1) any one or more of the conditions for appointment of a
receiver for the bank specified in the first section of the Act of
June 30, 1876 (12 U.S.C. 191) are present;
"(2) the bank is not likely to be able to meet the demands of
its depositors or pay its obligations in the normal course of
business;
''(3) the bank is in an unsafe or unsound condition to transact
business, including having substantially insufficient capital or
otherwise;
"(4)(A) the bank has incurred or is likely to incur losses that
will deplete all or substantially all of its capital, and
"(B) there is no reasonable prospect for the bank's capital to
be replenished without Federal assistance;
"(5) there is a violation or violations of laws, rules, or regula-
tions. or any unsafe or unsound practice or condition which is
likely to cause insolvency or substantial dissipation of assets or
earnings, or is likely to weaken the bank's condition or other-
wise seriously prejudice the interests of its depositors;
''(6) there is concealment of books, papers, records, or assets of
the bank, or refusal to submit books, papers, records, or affairs
of .the bank for inspection to any examiner or to any lawful
agent of the Comptroller;
''(7) there is a willful or continuing violation of an order
enforceable against the bank under section 8(i) of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act; or
"(8) the bank's board of directors consists of fewer than 5
  members.
"(b) JUDICIAL REVIEW—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 20 days after the initial
  appointment of a conservator pursuant to this section, the bank
  may bring an action in the United States district court for the
  judicial district in which the home office of such bank is located,
  or in the United States District Court for the District of Colum-
  bia, for an order requiring the Comptroller to terminate the
  appointment of the conservator, and the court, upon the merits,
  shall dismiss such action or shall direct the Comptroller to
  terminate the appointment of such conservator. The Comptrol-
  ler's decision to appoint a conservator pursuant to this section
  shall be set aside only if the court finds that such decision was
   arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in
  accordance with law.
"(2) STAY.—The conservator may request that any judicial
  action or proceeding to which the conservator or the bank is or
  may become a party be stayed for a period of up to 45 days after