PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989         103 STAT. 431

(c) REGULATORY POWER.—Section 303 of the Federal Home Loan
       Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1452) is amended—  
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections
(c) through (g), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection:  
"(b)(1) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall
have general regulatory power over the Corporation and shall make
such rules and regulations as shall be necessary and proper to ensure that the purposes of this title are accomplished.  
"(2) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may require that a reasonable portion of the mortgage purchases of the
Corporation be related to the national goal of providing adequate
housing for low- and moderate-income families, but with reasonable
economic return to the Corporation.
"(3) The aggregate amount of cash dividends paid by the Corpora-
tion in any fiscal year on account of any share of its common stock
shall not exceed any rate that may be determined from time to time
by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to be a fair
rate of return after consideration of the current earnings and capital condition of the Corporation.
"(4) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may exam-
ine and audit the books and financial transactions of the Corpora-
tion and may require the Corporation to issue any reports on its
activities that the Secretary determines to be advisable. The Sec-
retary shall, not later than June 30 of each year, submit to the
Congress a report describing the activities of the Corporation under
this Act.  
"(5) The aggregate amount of notes, debentures, or substantially identical types of unsecured obligations outstanding at any time
shall not exceed the amount which is 15 times the sum of the Corporations's capital, capital surplus, general surplus, reserves, and
undistributed earnings unless a greater ratio shall be fixed at any
time or from time to time by the Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development. The outstanding total principal amount of any obliga-
tions of the Corporation which are entirely subordinated to the
general debt obligations of the Corporation shall be deemed to be
capital of the Corporation for the purpose of determining the aggregate amount of notes, debentures, or substantially identical types of
unsecured obligations outstanding at any time.
"(6) All issuances of stock, and debt obligations convertible into
stock, by the Corporation shall be made only with the approval of
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
"(7)(A) The exercise of the authority of the Corporation pursuant
to commitments or otherwise to purchase, service, sell, lend on the
security of, or otherwise deal in conventional residential mortgages
under section 305(a) shall be subject to the approval of the Secretary
of Housing and Urban Development.   
"(B) Any conventional mortgage programs or activities with re-
spect to purchasing, servicing, selling, lending on the security of, or
otherwise dealing in mortgages in which the Corporation has engaged or is engaging as of the date of the enactment of the Financial
Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 shall be
deemed to have been approved by the Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development as required by this paragraph.   
"(8) If the Corporation submits to the Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development a request for approval or other action under