PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989                                                      103 STAT. 509
Reports.
(A) a description of any discernable trends in the cost and 
availability of retail banking services; and 

(B) a description of the correlation, if any, between—
    (i) any increase in the amount of any deposit 
 insurance premium assessed by the Federal Deposit 
 Insurance Corporation against insured depository 
 institutions;
    (ii) any increase in the amount of the fees imposed by 
 such institutions for providing retail banking services; 
 and
    (iii) any decrease in the availability of such services.
   
(8) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS.—The Board of Governors of the 
 Federal Reserve System shall submit-—
  (A) the first annual report required under paragraph (1) 
   not later than June 1,1990; and 
  (B) each subsequent annual report not later than June 1 
   of each calendar year beginning after 1990.
   
(c) SUNSET.—The requirements of subsection (a) shall terminate at 
 the end of the 2-year period beginning on the later of—
  (1) the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment 
  of this Act; or
   (2) the date (if any) during the 2-year period beginning at the 
 end of such 5-year period, on which deposit insurance premiums 
 are increased under section 7 of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
 Act.
   
SEC. 1003. GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE STUDY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States 
 shall conduct a study of deposit insurance issues raised by section 
 1001 emphasizing in particular—   
  (1) analysis of the policy considerations affecting the scope of 
    deposit insurance coverage;
  (8) evaluation of the risks associated with bank insurance 
    contracts both as to the issuing institution and the deposit 
    insurance funds; and
  (8) the effect of proposed changes in the definition of "deposit" 
   on—
    (A) market discipline; and
    (B) the ability of other participants in capital markets to 
       raise funds.  

(b) REPORT.—Not later than the close of the 18-month period 
 beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller 
 General shall submit to the Congress the results of the study 
 required by subsection (a).

SEC. 1004. STUDY REGARDING CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR GOVERN- 
MENT-SPONSORED ENTERPRISES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States 
 shall conduct a study of the risks undertaken by all government- 
 sponsored enterprises and the appropriate level of capital for such 
 enterprises consistent with—
  (1) the financial soundness and stability of the government- 
    sponsored enterprises;
  (2) minimizing any potential financial exposure of the Federal 
    Government; and
  (8) minimizing any potential impact on borrowing of the 
    Federal Government.