103 STAT. 508          PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

(6) Policies to be followed with respect to the recapitalization or closure of insured depository institutions whose capital is depleted to, or near the point of, insolvency.
(7) The efficiency of housing subsidies through the Federal home loan bank system.
(8) Alternatives to Federal deposit insurance.
(9) The feasibility of developing and administering, through the appropriate Federal banking agency, an examination of the principles and techniques of risk management and the application of such principles and techniques to the management of insured institutions.
(10) The adequacy of capital of insured credit unions and the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund, including whether the supervision of such fund should be separated from the other functions of the National Credit Union Administration.
(11) The feasibility of requiring, by statute or other means, that—
(A) independent auditors and accountants of a depository institution report the results of any audit of the institution to the relevant regulatory agency or agencies;
(B) a regulator share reports on a depository institution with the institution's independent auditors and accountants; and
(C) independent auditors and accountants participate in conferences between the regulator and the depository institution.
(12) The feasibility of adopting regulations which are the same as or similar to the provisions of England's Banking Act, 1987, ch. 22 (4 Halsbury's Statutes of England and Wales 527-650 (1987)), enacted on May 15, 1987, relating to the Bank of England's relationship with auditors and reporting accountants (including sections 8, 39, 41, 45, 46, 47, 82, 83, 85, and 94 of such Act).

(c) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than the close of the 18-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Congress a final report containing a detailed statement of findings made, and conclusions drawn from, the study conducted under this section, including such recommendations for administrative and legislative action as the Secretary determines to be appropriate.

Sec. 1002. SURVEY OF BANK FEES AND SERVICES.

(a) ANNUAL SURVEY REQUIRED.—The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall obtain a sample, which is representative by geographic location and size of institution, of—
(1) certain retail banking services provided by insured depository institutions; and
(2) the fees, if any, which are imposed by such institutions for providing such services.
(b) ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS REQUIRED.—
(1) PREPARATION.—The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall prepare a report of the results of each survey conducted pursuant to subsection (a).
(2) CONTENTS OF REPORT.—Each report prepared pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include—