PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989              103 STAT. 473

benefit to such party by reason of such violation, practice,
or breach,
 shall forfeit and pay a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed
 the applicable maximum amount determined under paragraph
 (4) for each day during which such violation, practice, or breach
 continues.
    "(4) MAXIMUM AMOUNTS OF PENALTIES FOR ANY VIOLATION
 DESCRIBED IN PARAGRAPH (3).-The maximum daily amount of
 any civil penalty which may be assessed pursuant to paragraph
 (3) for any violation, practice, or breach described in such
 paragraph is-
         "(A) in the case of any person other than a member bank,
  an amount not to exceed $1,000,000; and
         "(B) in the case of a member bank, an amount not to
  exceed the lesser of-
             "(i) $1,000,000; or
             "(ii) 1 percent of the total assets of such member
       bank.
    "(5) ASSESSMENT; ETC.-Any penalty imposed under paragraph
  (1), (2), or (3) may be assessed and collected by the Board in the
  manner provided in subparagraphs (E), (F), (G), and (I) of section
  8(i)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act for penalties im-
  posed (under such section) and any such assessment shall be
  subject to the provisions of such section.
    "(6) HEARING.-The member bank or other person against
  whom any penalty is assessed under this subsection shall be
  afforded an agency hearing if such member bank or person
  submits a request for such hearing within 20 days after the
  issuance of the notice of assessment. Section 8(h) of the Federal
  Deposit Insurance Act shall apply to any proceeding under this
  subsection.
    "(7) DISBURSEMENT.-All penalties collected under authority
  of this subsection shall be deposited into the Treasury.
    "(8) VIOLATE DEFINED.-For purposes of this section, the term
  'violate' includes any action (alone or with another or others)
  for or toward causing, bringing about, participating in, counsel-
  ing, or aiding or abetting a violation.
    "(9) REGULATIONS.-The Board shall prescribe regulations
  establishing such procedures as may be necessary to carry out
  this subsection.".
    (i) BANKS.-Section 106(b)(2)(F) of the Bank Holding Company Act
 Amendments of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1972(2)(F)) is amended to read as
 follows:
     "(F) CIVIL MONETARY PENALTY.-
         "(i) FIRST TIER.-Any bank which, and any institution-affili-
    ated party (within the meaning of section 3(u) of the Federal
    Deposit Insurance Act) with respect to such bank who, violates
    any provision of this paragraph shall forfeit and pay a civil
    penalty of not more than $5,000 for each day during which such
    violation continues. 

        "(ii) SECOND TIER.-Notwithstanding clause (i), any bank
    which, and any institution-affiliated party (within the meaning
    of section 3(u) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) with
    respect to such bank who-
          "(aa) commits any violation described in clause (i);
          "(bb) recklessly engages in an unsafe or unsound practice
     in conducting the affairs of such bank; or