103 STAT. 320		PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

controls, or holds with power to vote, or holds proxies represent ing, more than 15 percent of the voting shares of such savings association or holding company.
"(b) REGISTRATION AND EXAMINATION.— 
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Within 90 days after becoming a savings and loan holding company, each savings and loan holding com pany shall register with the Director on forms prescribed by the Director, which shall include such information, under oath or otherwise, with respect to the financial condition, ownership, operations, management, and intercompany relationships of such holding company and its subsidiaries, and related matters, as the Director may deem necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section. Upon application, the Director may extend the time within which a savings and loan holding com pany shall register and file the required information. 
"(2) REPORTS.—Each savings and loan holding company and each subsidiary thereof, other than a savings association, shall file with the Director, and the regional office of the Director of the district in which its principal office is located, such reports as may be required by the Director. Such reports shall be made under oath or otherwise, and shall be in such form and for such periods, as the Director may prescribe. Each report shall con tain such information concerning the operations of such savings and loan holding company and its subsidiaries as the Director may require.
"(3) BOOKS AND RECORDS.—Each savings and loan holding company shall maintain such books and records as may be prescribed by the Director.
"(4) EXAMINATIONS.—Each savings and loan holding company and each subsidiary thereof (other than a bank) shall be subject to such examinations as the Director may prescribe. The cost of such examinations shall be assessed against and paid by such holding company. Examination and other reports may be fur nished by the Director to the appropriate State supervisory authority. The Director shall, to the extent deemed feasible, use for the purposes of this subsection reports filed with or examinations made by other Federal agencies or the appro priate State supervisory authority.
"(5) AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS.—The Director may re quire any savings and loan holding company, or persons con nected therewith if it is not a corporation, to execute and file a prescribed form of irrevocable appointment of agent for service of process.
 	(6) RELEASE FROM REGISTRATION.—The Director may at any time, upon the Director's own motion or upon application, release a registered savings and loan holding company from any registration theretofore made by such company, if the Director determines that such company no longer has control of any savings association.
"(c) HOLDING COMPANY ACTIVITIES.— 
"(1) PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, no savings and loan holding company and no subsidiary which is not a savings association shall—
"(A) engage in any activity or render any service for or on behalf of a savings association subsidiary for the purpose or with the effect of evading any law or regulation applicable to such savings association;