103 STAT. 486

PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989


"(2) No EFFECT ON DISAPPROVAL AUTHORITY OF BOARD.—Such waivers shall not affect the authority of the Board to issue notices of disapproval of such additions or employment of such individuals within 30 days after each such waiver.
"(d) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.—Any notice submitted to the Board by any insured credit union pursuant to subsection (a) shall include—
"(1) the iniformation described in section 7(j)(6)(A) of the Fed­ eral Deposit Insurance Act about the individual; and
"(2) such other information as the Board may prescribe by regfulation.
"(e) STANDARD FOR DISAPPROVAL.—The Board shall issue a notice of disapproval with respect to a notice submitted pursuant to subsec­tion (a) if the competence, experience, character, or integrity of the individual with respect to whom such notice is submitted indicates that it would not be in the best interests of the depositors of the insured credit union or in the best interests of the public to permit the individual to be employed by, or associated with, such insured credit union.
"(f) DEFINITION REGULATIONS.—The Board shall prescribe by regu­lation a definition for the terms 'troubled condition' and 'senior executive officer' for purposes of subsection (a).".

SEC. 915. CLARIFICATION OF NCUA'S AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT COMPLI­ANCE INVESTIGATIONS.

(a) EXAMINATIONS.—Section 204(b) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1784(b)) is amended—
(1) by inserting after "insured credit unions," the following: "or with other types of investigations to determine compliance with applicable law and regulations,"; and
(2) by inserting after "subpoena dues tecum" the following: "and to exercise such others powers as are set forth in section 206(p)".
(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Section 206(p) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1786(p)) is amended in the 1st sentence—
(1) by inserting after "any proceeding under this section" the following: "or in connection with any claim for insured deposits or any examination or investigation under section 204(b)";
(2) by inserting after "the Board" the 1st place such term appears the following: ", in conducting the proceeding, examina­tion, or investigation or considering the claim for insured de­posits,"; and
(3) by inserting ", claims, examinations, or investigations" before the period.
(c) PAYMENT OF CLAIMS.—Section 207(c)(1) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1787(c)(1)) is amended in the last sentence by inserting after "before paying the insured accounts," the following: "may investigate said claims under section 206(p),".

12 USC 1818 note.

SEC. 916. IMPROVED ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS AND PROCEDURES.

Before the close of the 24-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the appropriate Federal banking agencies (as defined in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) and the National Credit Union Administration Board shall jointly—
(1) establish their own pool of administrative law judges, and
(2) develop a set of uniform rules and procedures for adminis­trative hearings, including provisions for summary judgment