103 STAT. 428                PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

ferred to the Office (less any fees or assessments collected by the Office) by a fraction—

(1) the numerator of which is the amount of such expenses of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation paid by the Banks during the 1-year period ending on the date of enactment of this Act; and

(2) the denominator of which is the total expenses of such Board and Corporation during such period.

No payment under this subsection is required after December 31, 1989.

(b) COMPENSATION OF SUPERVISORY AND EXAMINATIONS EMPLOYEES.—The Federal Home Loan Banks shall continue to pay the compensation of employees of the Federal Home Loan Banks or the joint offices of such banks who, on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, are performing supervisory and examination functions until such supervisory and examination functions are transferred under this Act. Thereafter, the obligation of the Federal Home Loan Banks hereunder to pay such applicable compensation shall continue until the later of—

(1) the date which is 120 days after the date of transfer of such supervisory and examination functions to the Office of Thrift Supervision, or

(2) March 31, 1990.

Payment of such compensation by the Federal Home Loan Banks shall be in lieu of, and not in addition to, the payment of compensation by the Office of Thrift Supervision.

(c) FACILITIES AND SUPPORT SERVICES.—Until December 31, 1990, the Federal Home Loan Banks, as necessary, shall (with respect to supervisory and examination functions performed by employees transferred from the Federal Home Loan Banks or joint offices of such Banks to the Office of Thrift Supervision), provide the Office of Thrift Supervision facilities and support services comparable to those presently provided for the employees of the Federal Home Loan Banks or joint offices of such Banks performing such supervisory and examination functions, including office space, furniture and equipment, computer, personnel, and other support services. With respect to supervisory and examination functions presently performed by employees of individual Federal Home Loan Banks, each such Bank will only be required to provide such facilities and support services to the extent that the functions continue to be performed in that Bank’s offices. 

(d) PRINCIPAL SUPERVISORY AGENT.—Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act until the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision shall otherwise provide, the Principal Supervisory Agent for each Federal Home Loan Bank district shall be the senior supervisory official (other than the President of the Federal Home Loan Bank) employed by the Federal Home Loan Bank in such district on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and such employees performing supervisory and examination functions shall continue to be responsible for the supervision and examination of savings associations within such district.

SEC. 724. FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK RESERVES. 

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 16(a) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1436(a)) is amended—

(1) by striking the first three sentences and inserting in lieu thereof: “Each Federal Home Loan Bank may carry to a reserve