103 STAT. 318	                                                PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

"(m) USE OF FUNDS.—The Director is authorized to use the combined resources retained through fees and assessments imposed pursuant to this section to pay all direct and indirect salary and administrative expenses of the Office, including contracts and purchases of property and services, and the direct and indirect expenses of the examinations and supervisory activities of the Office.
12 USC 1467a. "SEC. 10. REGULATION OF HOLDING COMPANIES.

"(a) DEFINITIONS.—

"(1) IN GENERAL.—As used in this section, unless the context otherwise requires—

"(A) SAVINGS ASSOCIATION.—The term 'savings association' includes a savings bank or cooperative bank which is deemed by the Director to be a savings association under subsection (1).

"(B) UNINSURED INSITITUTION.—The term 'uninsured institution' means any depository institution the deposits of which are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

"(C) COMPANY.—The term 'company' means any corporation, partnership, trust, joint-stock company, or similar organization, but does not include the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Resolution Trust Corporation, any Federal home loan bank, or any company the majority of the shares of which is owned by the United States or any State, or by an instrumentality of the United States or any State.

"(D) SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANY.—The term 'savings and loan holding company' means any company which directly or indirectly controls a savings association or controls any other company which is a savings and loan holding company.

"(E) MULTIPLE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANY.—The term 'multiple savings and loan holding company' means any savings and loan holding company which directly or indirectly controls 2 or more savings associations.

"(F) DIVERSIFIED SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANY.—The term 'diversified savings and loan holding company' means any savings and loan holding company whose subsidiary savings association and related activities as permitted under paragraph (2) of subsection (c) of this section represented, on either an actual or a pro forma basis, less than 50 percent of its consolidated net worth at the close of its preceding fiscal year and of its consolidated net earnings for such fiscal year, as determined in accordance with regulations issued by the Director.

"(G) SUBSIDIARY.—The term 'subsidiary' has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

"(H) AFFILIATE.—The term 'affiliate' of a savings association means any person which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such savings association.

"(I) BANK HOLDING COMPANY.—The terms 'bank holding company' and 'bank' have the meanings given to such terms in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.