PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989         103 STAT. 429

account from time-to-time such portion of its net earnings as may be determined by its board of directors.”; and

(2) by striking the fifth sentence and inserting the following: “No dividends shall be paid except out of net earnings remaining after reductions for all reserves, chargeoffs, purchases of capital certificates of the Financing Corporation, and payments relating to the Funding Corporation required under this Act have been provided for, other than chargeoffs or expenses incurred by a Bank in connection with the purchase of capital stock of the Financing Corporation under section 21 or payments relating to the Funding Corporation Principal Fund under section 21B(e), and then only with the approval of the Federal Housing Finance Board. Beginning on January 1, 1992, the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting ‘previously retained earnings or current net earnings’ for ‘net earnings’.”.

(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.- The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall take effect on January 1, 1992.

SEC. 725. SPECIAL ACCOUNT.

At the time of dissolution of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, all such moneys and funds as shall remain in the special deposit account of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, or other such accounts, shall become the property of the Federal Housing Finance Board.

Subtitle B—Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation

SEC. 731. FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORPORATION. 

(a) STATEMENT OF PURPOSE._ 
(1) IN GENERAL.- Section 301 of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1451 note) is amended_ 
(A) by inserting “(a)” after the section designation; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
“(b) It is the purpose of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation_ 
“(1) to provide stability in the secondary market for home mortgages; 
“(2) to respond appropriately to the private capital market; and 
“(3) to provide ongoing assistance to the secondary market for home mortgages (including mortgages securing housing for low-and moderate-income families involving a reasonable economic return to the Corporation) by increasing the liquidity of mortgage investments and improving the distribution of investment capital available for home mortgage financing.”.

(2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.-The section heading for section 301 of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1451 note) is amended to read as follows:

“SHORT TITLE AND STATEMENT OF PURPOSE”.

(b) BOARD OF DIRECTORS._
