103 STAT. 372   PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

"(K) To make loans.
"(L) To prepare reports and provide such reports, docu-
ments, and records to the Oversight Board as required by 
this section.
"(M) To issue capital certificates to the Resolution Fund-
ing Corporation consistent with the provisions of section
21B of this Act in the following manner:
"(i) AUTHORIZATION TO ISSUE. —The Corporation is 
hereby authorized to issue to the Resolution Funding
Corporation nonvoting capital certificates.
"(ii) REQUIREMENT RELATING TO THE AMOUNT OF CER-
TIFICATES. —The amount of certificates issued by the 
Corporation under clause (i) shall be equal to the aggre-
gate amount of funds provided by the Resolution Fund-
ing Corporation to the Corporation under section 21B.
"(iii) CERTIFICATES MAY BE ISSUED ONLY TO THE RESO-
LUTION FUNDING CORPORATION. —Capital certificates
issued under clause (i) may be issued only to the Reso-
lution Funding Corporation in the manner and to the
extent provided in section 21B and this section.
"(iv) NO DIVIDENDS. —The Corporation shall not pay
dividends on any capital certificates issued under this 
section.
"(N) To exercise any other power established under this
section and such incidental powers as are necessary to 
carry out its duties and functions under this section.
"(11) Special powers.-
"(A) In general. —In addition to the powers of the Cor-
poration described in paragraph (10), the Corporation shall
have the following powers:
"(i) Contracts. —The Corporation may enter into
contracts with any person, corporation, or entity, 
including State housing finance authorities (as such 
term is defined in section 1301 of the Financial Institu-
tions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989)
and insured depository institutions, which the Corpora-
tion determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry
out its responsibilities under this section. Such con-
tracts shall be subject to the procedures adopted pursu-
ant to paragraph (12).
"(ii) Utilization of private sector. —In carrying out 
the Corporation's duties under this section, the 
Corporation and the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-
poration shall utilize the services of private persons,
including real estate and loan portfolio asset manage-
ment, property management, auction marketing, and 
brokerage services, if such services are available in the
private sector and the Corporation determines utiliza-
tion of such services are practicable and efficient.
"(iii) Mergers and consolidations. —The Corpora-
tion may require a merger or consolidation of an
institution or institutions over which the Corporation 
has jurisdiction, if such merger or consolidation is 
consistent with section 13(c)(4) of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act.