PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989
103 STAT. 519

(2) the final appraisal document is approved and signed by an individual who is certified or licensed.
(e) STUDIES.—
(1) STUDY.—The Appraisal Subcommittee shall—
(A) conduct a study to determine whether real estate sales and financing information and data that is available to real estate appraisers in the States is sufficient to permit appraisers to properly estimate the values of properties in connection with federally related transactions; and
(B) study the feasibility and desirability of extending the provisions of this title to the function of personal property appraising and to personal property appraisers in connection with Federal financial and public policy interests.
(2) REPORT.—The Appraisal Subcommittee shall—
(A) report its findings to the Congress with respect to the study described in paragraph (1)(A) no later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this title, and
(B) report its findings with respect to the study described in paragraph (1)(B) to Congress not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this title.

TITLE XII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 1201. GAO STUDY OF CREDIT UNION SYSTEM.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a comprehensive study of the Nation’s credit union system. In conducting the study, the Comptroller General shall examine—
(1) credit unions’ present and future role in the financial marketplace;
(2) the financial condition of credit unions;
(3) credit union capital;
(4) credit union regulation and supervision on both the Federal and State levels;
(5) whether the National Credit Union Administration examinations of credit unions are comparable in frequency and quality to supervisory examinations of insured banks and savings associations;
(6) the structure and financial condition of the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund, including whether supervision of that Fund should be separated from the other functions of the National Credit Union Administration Board; and
(7) whether the common bond rules regarding credit union membership continue to serve their original purpose.
Comparative information with other types of depository institutions should be included.
(b) SUBMISSION.—Before the close of the 18-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a final report which shall contain a detailed statement of findings and conclusions, including recommendations for such administrative and legislative action as the Comptroller General deems advisable.