PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989                                      103 STAT. 269

asset was acquired after April 12, 1989, except to the extent per- mitted under section 5(f) of the Home Owners' Loan Act."
SEC. 222. ACTIVITIES OF SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.
    The Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended by adding at the
end the following new section:

SEC. 28. ACTIVITIES OF SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.
                                                                                                                                               12 USC 1831e.
"(a) IN GENERAL.—On and after January 1, 1990, a savings association chartered under State law may not engage as principal in any type of activity, or in any activity in an amount, that is not permissible for a Federal savings association unless—
       "(1) the Corporation has determined that the activity would      pose no significant risk to the affected deposit insurance fund;
and
       "(2) the savings association is and continues to be in compli-      ance with the fully phased-in capital standards prescribed      under section 5(t) of the Home Owners' Loan Act.
"(b) DIFFERENCES OF MAGNITUDE BETWEEN STATE AND FEDERAL 
       POWERS.—Notwithstanding subsection (a)(1), if an activity (other 
       than an activity described in section 5(c)(2)(B) of the Home Owners' 
       Loan Act) is permissible for a Federal savings association, a savings 
       association chartered under State law may engage as principal in 
       that activity in an amount greater than the amount permissible for 
       a Federal savings association if—
           "(1) the Corporation has not determined that engaging in that 
                amount of the activity poses any significant risk to the affected 
                deposit insurance fund; and 
           "(2) the savings association chartered under State law is and 
                continues to be in compliance with the fully phased-in capital 
                standards prescribed under section 5(t) of the Home Owners' 
                Loan Act.
"(c) EQUITY INVESTMENTS BY STATE SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.—
        "(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), a 
        savings association chartered under State law may not directly 
        acquire or retain any equity investment of a type or in an 
        amount that is not permissible for a Federal savings association.
        "(2) EXCEPTION FOR SERVICE CORPORATIONS.—Paragraph (1) 
        does not prohibit a savings association from acquiring or retain- 
        ing shares of one or more service corporations if—
             "(A) the Corporation has determined that no significant risk 
                  to the affected deposit insurance fund is posed by—
                  "(i) the amount that the association proposes to 
                            acquire or retain, or 
                       "(ii) the activities is which the service corporation 
                            engages; and
            "(B) the savings association is and continues to be in 
                 compliance with the fully phased-in capital standards pre- 
                 scribed under section 5(t) of the Home Owners' Loan Act.
         "(3) TRANSITION RULE.—
            "(A) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation shall require any 
            savings association to divest any equity investment the 
            retention of which is not permissible under paragraph (1) or 
            (2) as quickly as can be prudently done, and in any event 
            not later than July 1, 1994.