103 STAT. 316          PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989 

12 USC 1467.

                                         "SEC. 9. EXAMINATION FEES. 
          

                                                                 "(a) Examination of Savings Associations.-The cost of conduct. 
ing examinations of savings associations pursuant to section 5(d) of 
this Act shall be assessed by the Director against each such savings 
association in proportion to the assets or resources of the savings 
association. 
                                                                 "(b) Examination of Affiliates.-The cost of conducting 
examinations of affiliates of savings associations pursuant to this 
Act may be assessed by the Director against each affiliate which is 
examined in proportion to the assets or resources held by the 
affiliate on the date of any such examination. 
                                                                 "(c) Assessment Against Association In Case of Affiliate's 
Refusal To Pay.- 
                                                                 "(1) In general.-Subject to paragraph (2), if any affiliate of 
any savings association- 
                                                                 "(A) refuses to pay any assessment under subsection (b); or 
                                                                 "(B) fails to pay any such assessment before the end of 
the 60-day period beginning on the date of the assessment, 
the Director may assess such cost against, and collect such cost 
from, such savings association. 
                                                                 "(2) Affiliate of more than 1 savings association.-If any 
affiliate referred to in paragraph (1) is an affiliate of more than 
1 savings association, the assessment with respect to the affiliate 
against, and collected from, any affiliated savings associa­ 
tion in such proportions as the Director may prescribe. 
                                                                 "(d) Civil Money Penalty for Affiliate's Refusal To 
Cooperate.- 
                                                                 "(1) Penalty imposed.-If any affiliate of any savings associa­tion- 
                                                                 "(A) refuses to permit any examiner appointed by the 
Director to make an examination; or 
                                                                 "(B) refuses to provide any information required to be 
disclosed in the course of any examination, 
the savings association shall forfeit and pay a civil penalty of 
not more than $5,000 for each day that any such refusal contin­ 
ues. 
                                                                 "(2) Assessment and collection.-Any penalty imposed 
under paragraph (1) shall be assessed and collected by the 
Director, in the manner provided in section 8(i)(2) of the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Act. 
                                             "(e) Regulations.-Only the Director may prescribe regulations 
with respect to- 
                                                      "(1) the computation of, and the assessment for, the cost of 
conducting examinations pursuant to this section; and 
                                                      "(2) the collection and use of such assessments and any fees 
under this section. 
Such regulations may establish formulas to determine a fee or 
schedule of fees to cover the costs of examinations and also to cover 
the cost of processing applications, filings, notices, and requests for 
approvals by the Director or the Director's designee. 
                                             "(f) Collection Through FDIC or Federal Home Loan Banks.- 
The Corporation or the Federal home loan banks shall, upon request 
of and by agreement with the Director, collect fees and assessments 
on behalf of the Director and be reimbursed for the actual cost of 
collection. 