PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989	         103 STAT, 361

such functions or activities, which are transferred from the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation to the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Resolution Trust Corporation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the Federal Housing Finance Board, as the case may be.

		(2) ALLOCATION OF EMPLOYEES. - The Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Chairperson of the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Chairperson of the Federal Housing Finance Board shall allocate the employees of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation consistent with the number determined pursuant to paragraph (1) in a manner which such Director, Chairman, and Chairpersons, in their sole discretion, deem equitable, except that, within work units, the agency preferences of individual employees shall be accommodated as far as possible.

	(c) FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK PERSONNEL. - Employees of the Federal home loan banks or the joint offices of such banks who,	on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, are performing functions or activities on behalf of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation shall be treated as employees of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation for purposes of determining, pursuant to subsection (b)(1), the number of employees performing or supporting functions or activities of such Board or Corporation to the extent such functions or activities are transferred to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Resolution Trust Corporation, or the Federal Housing Finance Board.
	(d) FSLIC EMPLOYEES ENGAGED IN CONSERVATORSHIP OR RECEIVERSHIP FUNCTIONS. - Individuals who, on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, are employed by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation in such Corporation's capacity as conservator or receiver of any insured depository institution shall be treated as employees of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation for purposes of determining, pursuant to subsection (b)(1), the number of employees performing or supporting functions or activities of such Corporation if such conservatorship or receivership is transferred to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Resolution Trust Corporation. 

SEC. 404. RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES OF ABOLISHED AGENCIES.

	All employees identified for transfer under subsection (b) of section 403 (other than individuals described in subsection (c) or (d) of such section) shall be entitled to the following rights:

		(1) Each employee so identified shall be transferred to the appropriate agency or entity for employment no later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and such transfer shall be deemed a transfer of function for the purpose of section 3503 of title 5, United States Code.
		
		(2) Each transferred employee shall be guaranteed a position with the same status, tenure, and pay as that held on the day immediately preceding the transfer. Each such employee holding a permanent position shall not be involuntarily separated or 
