103 STAT. 366 PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

     "(B) To approve prior to implementation periodic finance-
   ing requests developed by the Corporation.
   
     "(C) To review all rules, regulations, principles, proce-
   dures, and guidelines that may be adopted or announced by
   the Corporation. After consultation with the Corporation,
   the Oversight Board may require the modification of any
   such rules, regulations, principles, procedures, or guidelines
   except that the rules, regulations, principles, procedures,
   and guidelines relating to the Corporation's powers and
   activities as a conservator or receiver shall be consistent
   with the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The provisions of
   this subparagraph shall not apply to internal administra-
   tive policies and procedures, and determinations or actions
   described in paragraph (8) of this subsection.
   
     "(D) To review the overall performance of the Corpora-
   tion on a periodic basis, including its work, management
   activities, and internal controls, and the performance of the
   Corporation relative to approved budget plans.
   
     "(E) To require from the Corporation any reports, docu-
   ments, and records it deems necessary to carry out its
   oversight responsibilities.
   
     "(F) To establish a national advisory board and regional
   advisory boards.
   
     "(G) To authorize the use of proceeds from any funds
   provided by the Treasury to the Corporation and from any
   financing by the Resolution Funding Corporation estab-
   lished pursuant to section 21B of this Act consistent with
   the approved budget and financial plans of the Corporation
   and to oversee the collection of funds by the Resolution
   Funding Corporation.
   
     "(H) To evaluate audits by the Inspector General and
   other congressionally required audits.
   
     "(I) To have general oversight over the Resolution Fund-
   ing Corporation as provided under section 21B of this Act.
   
     "(J) To authorize, as appropriate, the Corporation's sale
   of capital certificates to the Resolution Funding Corpora-
   tion.
   
     "(7) TRANSITION POLICIES.—Until such time as the Oversight
   Board and the Corporation (consistent with paragraph (6) and
   subsection (b)(12)) adopt strategies, policies, goals, regulations,
   rules, operating principles, procedures, or guidelines, the Cor-
   poration may carry out its duties in accordance with the strate-
   gies, policies, goals, regulations, rules, operating principles,
   procedures, or guidelines of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-
   poration, notwithstanding the provisions of section 553 of title 5,
   United States Code.
   
     "(8) LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY.—
   
     "(A) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation shall have the
   authority, without any prior review, approval, or dis-
   approval by the Oversight Board, to make such determina-
   tions and take such actions as it deems appropriate with
   respect to case-specific matters (i) involving individual case
   resolutions, (ii) asset liquidations, or (iii) day-to-day oper-
   ations of the Corporation. The preceding sentence in no way
   limits the authority of the Oversight Board to provide
   general policies and procedures.