PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989	
108 STAT. 497

(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new para-	
 graph:	
 "(6) 'holding company' means—	
 "(A) any bank holding company (as defined in section 2 of	
 the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956);	
 "(B) any company described in section 3(f)(1) of the Bank	
 Holding Company Act of 1956; and	
 "(C) any savings and loan holding company (as defined in	
 the Home Owners' Loan Act);".	

 SEC. 942. ADDITIONAL EXCEPTIONS.	

 Section 1113 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12	
 U.S.C. 3413(b)) is amended—	
 (1) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows:	
 "(b) This chapter shall not apply to the examination by or disclo-	
 sure to any supervisory agency of financial records or information in	
 the exercise of its supervisory, regulatory, or monetary functions,	
 including conservatorship or receivership functions, with respect to	
 any financial institution, holding company, subsidiary of a financial	
 institution or holding company, institution-affiliated party (within	
 the meaning of section 3(u) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act)	
 with respect to a financial institution, holding company, or subsidi-	
 ary, or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs	
 thereof."; and	
 (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections:	
 "(m) This title shall not apply to the examination by or disclosure	
 to employees or agents of the Board of Governors of the Federal	
 Reserve System or any Federal Reserve Bank of financial records or	
 information in the exercise of the Federal Reserve System's author-	
 ity to extend credit to the financial institutions or others.	
 "(n) This title shall not apply to the examination by or disclosure to the Resolution Trust Corporation or its employees or agents of financial records or information in the exercise of its conservatorship, receivership, or liquidation functions with respect to a financial institution.	
 "(o) This title shall not apply to the examination by or disclosure
 to the Federal Housing Finance Board or any of the Federal home	
 loan banks of financial records or information in the exercise of the	
 Federal Housing Finance Board's authority to extend credit (either	
 directly or through a Federal home loan bank) to financial institu-	
 tions or others.".	

 SEC. 943. PROHIBITION.

 Section 1120 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12	
 U.S.C. 3420) is redesignated as section 1120(a) and is amended by	
 adding at the end the following new subsection:	
 "(b)(1) No officer, director, partner, employee, or shareholder of, or agent or attorney for, a financial institution shall, directly or in-	
 directly, notify any person named in a grand jury subpoena served on such institution in connection with an investigation relating to a possible—
 "(A) crime against any financial institution or supervisory	
 agency; or	
 "(B) conspiracy to commit such a crime,	
 about the existence or contents of such subpoena, or information	
 that has been furnished to the grand jury in response to such	
 subpoena.