PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989
103 STAT. 211

that the Bank Insurance Fund reserve ratio is expected to exceed the designated reserve ratio in the succeeding year, the Board of Directors shall prescribe an assessment credit to Bank Insurance Fund members in such succeeding calendar year equal to the lesser of—
"(i) the amount necessary to reduce the Bank Insur-
ance Fund reserve ratio to the designated reserve ratio; or
"(ii) 100 percent of the net assessment income to be 
received from Bank Insurance Fund members in such 
succeeding year.
"(3) ASSESSMENT CREDIT FOR INSURED SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.-
"(A) CREDIT BARRED. The Board of Directors shall not
prescribe an assessment credit to Savings Association Insurance Fund members if the Board of Directors determines that the Savings Association Insurance Fund reserve 
ratio is expected to be equal to or less than the designated 
reserve ratio in the coming year after taking into consideration such Fund's expected expenses and income.
"(B) CREDIT AUTHORIZED. If the Board of Directors determines, after taking into consideration the Savings Association Insurance Fund's expected expenses and income, that the Savings Association Insurance Fund reserve ratio is expected to exceed the designated reserve ratio in the 
succeeding year, the Board of Directors shall prescribe an 
assessment credit to Savings Association Insurance Fund 
members in such succeeding calendar year equal to the 
lesser of—
"(i) the amount necessary to reduce the Savings Association Insurance Fund reserve ratio to the des-
ignated reserve ratio; or 
"(ii) 100 percent of the net assessment income to be received from Savings Association Insurance Fund 
members in such succeeding year.
"(4) NET ASSESSMENT INCOME DEFINED. For purposes of this 
subsection—
"(A) IN GENERAL. The term 'net assessment income' 
means-
"(i) with respect to the Bank Insurance Fund, the 
Bank Insurance Fund net assessment income (as de- 
fined in subparagraph (B)); and
"(ii) with respect to the Savings Association Insur- 
ance Fund, the Savings Association Insurance Fund net assessment income (as defined in subparagraph (C)).
"(B) BANK INSURANCE FUND NET ASSESSMENT INCOME—
"(i) IN GENERAL. The term 'Bank Insurance Fund 
net assessment income' means—
"(I) the total assessments which become 
due during the calendar year with respect to members 
of such Fund, minus
"(II) the sum of the amount of the operating 
costs and expenses described in clause (ii) and the 
amount by which the Bank Insurance Fund's 
insurance costs described in clause (iii) exceed its 
investment income for the calendar year.
"(ii) 0PERATING COST AND EXPENSES. For the pur- 
poses of this subparagraph, the operating costs and