103 STAT. 290             PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

                                    “(v) In connection with examinations of savings associa-
                               tions and affiliates thereof, the Director may-
                                    “(I) administer oaths and affirmations and examine
                               and to take and preserve testimony under oath as to
                               any matter in respect of the affairs or ownership of any
                               such savings association or affiliate, and
                                    “(II) issue subpoenas and, for the enforcement thereof,
Courts, U.S.                 apply to the United States district court for the judicial
                               district (or the United States court in any territory) in
                               which the principal office of the savings association or
                               affiliate is located, or in which the witness resides or
                               carries on business.
                                    Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and
                               require compliance with any such subpoena.
                                    “(vi) In any proceeding under this section, the Director
                               may administer oaths and affirmations, take depositions,
                               and issue subpoenas. The Director may prescribe regulations
                               with respect to any such proceedings. The attendance of
                               witnesses and the production of documents provided for in
                               this subsection may be required from any place in any State
Courts, U.S.                 or in any territory at any designated place where such
                               proceeding is being conducted.
                                    “(vii) Any party to a proceeding under this section may
                               apply to the United States District Court for the District of
                               Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial
                               district (or the United States court in any territory) in
                               which such proceeding is being conducted, or where the
                               witness resides or carries on business, for enforcement of
                               any subpoena issued pursuant to this subsection or section
                               1O(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and such courts
                               shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require
                               compliance therewith. Witnesses subpoenaed under this sec-
                               tion shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid
                               witnesses in the district courts of the United States. All
                               expenses of the Director in connection with this section
                               shall be considered as nonadministrative expenses. Any
                               court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under
                               this section by a savings association, or a director or officer
                               thereof, may allow to any such party reasonable expenses
                               and attorneys' fees. Such expenses and fees shall be paid by
                               the savings association.
                                “(2) CONSERVATORSHIPS AND RECEIVERSHIPS-
                           “(A) GROUNDS FOR APPOINTMENT FOR FEDERAL SAVINGS
                           ASSOCIATIONS. -A conservator or receiver may be appointed
                           for a Federal savings association if one or more of the
                           following conditions exist:
                                    “(i) insolvency in that the assets of the association
                               are less than its obligations to its creditors and others,
                               including its members;
                                    “(ii) substantial dissipation of assets or earnings due
                               to any violation or violations of law or regulations, or to
                               any unsafe or unsound practice or practices;
                                    “(iii) an unsafe or unsound condition to transact
                               business, including having substantially insufficient
                               capital or otherwise;
                                    “(iv) willful violation of a cease-and-desist order
                               which has become final;