103 STAT. 482          PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

within 20 days after the issuance of the notice of assessment.
Section 8(h) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act shall apply to
any proceeding under this subsection."
(f) AMENDMENT RELATING TO CREDIT UNIONS.—Section 202(a)(3) of
the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1782(a)(3) is amended by
striking out the 2nd sentence and inserting in lieu thereof the
following new sentences: "Any insured credit union which main-
tains procedures reasonably adapted to avoid any inadvertent error
and, unintentionally and as a result of such an error, fails to submit
or publish any report required under this subsection or section 106,
within the period of time specified by the Board, or submits or
publishes any false or misleading report or information, or inadvert-
ently transmits or publishes any report which is minimally late,
shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $2,000 for each day
during which such failure continues or such false or misleading
information is not corrected. The insured credit union shall have the
burden of proving that an error was inadvertent and that a report
was inadvertently transmitted or published late. Any insured credit
union which fails to submit or publish any report required under
this subsection or section 106, within the period of time specified by
the Board, or submits or publishes any false or misleading report or
information, in a manner not described in the 2nd preceding sen-
tence shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $20,000 for each
day during which such failure continues or such false or misleading
information is not corrected. Notwithstanding the preceding sen-
tence, if any insured credit union knowingly or with reckless dis-
regard for the accuracy of any information or report described in
such sentence submits or publishes any false or misleading report or
information, the Board may assess a penalty of not more than
$1,000,000 or 1 percent of total assets of such credit union, which-
ever is less, per day for each day during which such failure contin-
ues or such false or misleading information is not corrected. Any
penalty imposed under any of the 4 preceding sentences shall be
assessed and collected by the Board in the manner provided in
section 206(k)(2) (for penalties imposed under such section) and any
such assessment (including the determination of the amount of the
penalty) shall be subject to the provisions of such section. Any
insured credit union against which any penalty is assessed under
this subsection shall be afforded an agency hearing if such insured
credit union submits a request for such hearing within 20 days after
the issuance of the notice of assessment. Section 206(j) shall apply to
any proceeding under this subsection."
12 USC 161 note. (g) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall

apply with respect to reports filed or required to be filed after the
date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 912. AUTHORITY OF THE FDIC TO TAKE ENFORCEMENT ACTION

AGAINST SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.

Section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818) is
amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
"(t) AUTHORITY OF BOARD TO TAKE ENFORCEMENT ACTION AGAINST
SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.—
"(1) AUTHORITY TO RECOMMEND THAT DIRECTOR OF OFFICE OF
THRIFT SUPERVISION TAKE ENFORCEMENT ACTION.—The Corpora-
tion, based on an examination of a savings association by the
Corporation or by the Director of the Office of Thrift Super-
vision or on other information, may recommend that the Direc-