103 STAT. 420		PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

          "(1) Fully disbursed, whole first mortgages on improved resi-
          dential property (not more than 90 days delinquent), or securi-
          ties representing a whole interest in such mortgages.
          "(2) Securities issued, insured, or guaranteed by the United
          States Government or any agency thereof (including without
          limitation, mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by
          the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal
          National Mortgage Corporation, and the Government National
          Mortgage Association).
          "(3) Deposits of a Federal Home Loan Bank.
          "(4) Other real estate related collateral acceptable to the
          Bank if such collateral has a readily ascertainable value and
          the Bank can perfect its interest in the collateral. The aggregate
          amount of outstanding advances secured by such other real
          estate related collateral shall not exceed 30 percent of such
          member's capital.
          "(5) Paragraphs (1) through (4) shall not affect the ability of
          any Federal Home Loan Bank to take such steps as it deems
          necessary to protect its security position with respect to
          outstanding advances, including requiring deposits of additional
          collateral security, whether or not such additional security
          would be eligible to originate an advance. If an advance existing
          on the date of enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform,
          Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 matures and the
          member does not have sufficient eligible collateral to fully
          secure a renewal of such advance, a Bank may renew such
          advance secured by such collateral as the Bank and the Board
          determines is appropriate. A member that has an advance
          secured by such insufficient eligible collateral must reduce its
          level of outstanding advances promptly and prudently in
          accordance with a schedule determined by the Board.".

    (b) REDUCED ELIGIBILITY FOR ADVANCES.—Section 10(e) of the Fed-
eral Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1430(e)) is amended to read as
follows:

          "(e) QUALIFIED THRIFT LENDER STATUS.—
          "(1) IN GENERAL.—A member that is not a qualified thrift lender may only receive an advance if it holds stock in its Federal Home Loan Bank at the time it receives that advance in an amount equal to at least—
             "(A) 5 percent of that member's total advances, divided
          by
             "(B) such member's actual thrift investment percentage.
          Such members that are not qualified thrift lenders may only
          apply for advances under this section for the purpose of obtain-
          ing funds for housing finance.
          "(2) PRIORITY.—The Board, by regulation, shall establish a
          priority for advances to members that are qualified thrift lend-
          ers. The aggregate amount of any Bank's advances to members
          that are not qualified thrift lenders shall not exceed 30 percent
          of a Bank's total advances.
          "(3) MINIMUM STOCK PURCHASE REQUIREMENT FOR MEMBER-
          SHIP.—Each member of a Federal Home Loan Bank shall, at a
          minimum, purchase and maintain stock in its Federal Home
          Loan Bank in the amount that would be required under section
          6(b) if at least 30 percent of such member's assets were home
          mortgage loans.