103 STAT. 370           PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

      "(iii) makes efficient use of funds obtained from the 
Funding Corporation or from the Treasury;
      "(iv) minimizes the amount of any loss realized in the 
resolution of cases; and
      "(v) maximizes the preservation of the availability 
and affordability of residential real property for low- 
and moderate-income individuals.
      "(D) To perform any other function authorized under this 
section.
      "(4) CONSERVATORSHIP, RECEIVERSHIP, AND ASSISTANCE
POWERS.—Except as provided in paragraph (5) and in addition to
any other provision of this section, the Corporation shall have
the same powers and rights to carry out its duties with respect
to institutions described in paragraph (3)(A) as the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation has under sections 11,12, and 13
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act with respect to insured
depository institutions (as defined in section 3 of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act).
      "(5) LIMITATION ON PARAGRAPH (4) POWERS.—The Corpora-
tion—
      "(A) may not obligate the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation or any funds of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation; and
      "(B) in connection with providing assistance to an institu-
tion under this subsection, shall be subject to the limita-
tions contained in section 13(c)(4) of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act.
      "(6) SUCCESSOR TO FSLIC AS CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER.—As of
the date of enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, 
Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, the Corporation shall 
succeed the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation as 
conservator or receiver with respect to any institution for which 
the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation was ap-
pointed conservator or receiver during the period beginning on 
January 1, 1989 and ending on such date of enactment.
      "(7) OBLIGATIONS AND GUARANTEES.—The Corporation's 
authority to issue obligations and guarantees shall be subject to 
general supervision by the Oversight Board under subsection (a) 
and shall be consistent with subsection (j).
      "(8) BOARD OF DIRECTORS.— 
      "(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsection (m), 
the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation shall serve as the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation.
      "(B) CHAIRPERSON.—Except as provided in subsection (m), 
the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation shall serve as the Chair-
person of the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
      "(C) COMPENSATION.—Members of the Board of Directors 
of the Corporation shall receive no pay, allowances, or
benefits from the Corporation by reason of their service on 
the Board of Directors, but shall receive allowances in 
accordance with subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United 
States Code, for necessary expenses of travel, lodging, and 
subsistence incurred in attending meetings and other 
activities of the Board of Directors, as set forth in the 
bylaws issued by the Board of Directors.