103 STAT. 512              PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

     Each such designee shall be a person who has demonstrated knowl-
edge and competence concerning the appraisal profession.".
                                12 USC 3332.      SEC. 1103. FUNCTIONS OF APPRAISAL SUBCOMMITTEE.
                                      (a) IN GENERAL.—The Appraisal Subcommittee shall—
                                           (1) monitor the requirements established by States for the
                                      certification and licensing of individuals who are qualified to
                                      perform appraisals in connection with federally related trans-
                                      actions, including a code of professional responsibility;
                                           (2) monitor the requirements established by the Federal
                                      financial institutions regulatory agencies and the Resolution
                                      Trust Corporation with respect to—
                                               (A) appraisal standards for federally related transactions
                                           under their jurisdiction, and
                                               (B) determinations as to which federally related trans-
                                           actions under their jurisdiction require the services of a
                                           State certified appraiser and which require the services of a
                                           State licensed appraiser;
                                           (3) maintain a national registry of State certified and licensed
                                      appraisers who are eligible to perform appraisals in federally
                                      related transactions; and
                                           (4) transmit an annual report to the Congress not later than
Reports.                           January 31 of each year which describes the manner in which
                                      each function assigned to the Appraisal Subcommittee has been
                                      carried out during the preceding year.
                                      (b) MONITORING AND REVIEWING FOUNDATION.—The Appraisal
                                 Subcommittee shall monitor and review the practices, procedures,
                                 activities, and organizational structure of the Appraisal Foundation.
                                12 USC 3333.      SEC. 1104. CHAIRPERSON OF APPRAISAL SUBCOMMITTEE; TERM OF
                                                             CHAIRPERSON; MEETINGS.
                                      (a) CHAIRPERSON.—The Council shall select the Chairperson of the
                                 subcommittee. The term of the Chairperson shall be 2 years.
                                      (b) MEETINGS; QUORUM; VOTING.—The Appraisal Subcommittee
                                 shall meet at the call of the Chairperson or a majority of its
                                 members when there is business to be conducted. A majority of
                                 members of the Appraisal Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum
                                 but 2 or more members may hold hearings. Decisions of the Ap-
                                 praisal Subcommittee shall be made by the vote of a majority of its
                                 members.
                                12 USC 3334.      SEC. 1105. OFFICERS AND STAFF. 
                                      The Chairperson of the Appraisal Subcommittee shall appoint
                                 such officers and staff as may be necessary to carry out the func-
                                 tions of this title consistent with the appointment and compensation
                                 practices of the Council.
                                12 USC 3335.      SEC. 1106. POWERS OF APPRAISAL SUBCOMMITTEE.
                                      The Appraisal Subcommittee may, for the purpose of carrying out
                                 this title, establish advisory committees, hold hearings, sit and act
                                 at times and places, take testimony, receive evidence, provide
                                 information, and perform research, as the Appraisal Subcommittee
                                 considers appropriate.