PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989        103 STAT. 405

Board may exercise on behalf of the Funding Corporation any power of the Funding Corporation which the Oversight Board determines to be necessary to settle and conclude the affairs of the Funding Corporation.
"(k) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section:
"(1) ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.—The term 'administrative expenses' does not include—
"(A) any interest on, or any redemption premium with respect to, any obligation of the Funding Corporation; or 
"(B) issuance costs. 
"(2) CUSTODIAN FEE.—The term 'custodian fee' means—
"(A) any fee incurred by the Funding Corporation in connection with the transfer of any security to, or the maintenance of any security in, the segregated account established under subsection (g); and
"(B) any other expense incurred by the Funding Corpora- tion in connection with the establishment or maintenance of such account.
"(3) FUNDING CORPORATION.—The term 'Funding Corporation' means the Resolution Funding Corporation established in subsection (b).
"(4) FUNDING CORPORATION PRINCIPAL FUND.—The term 'Fund- ing Corporation Principal Fund' means the separate account established under subsection (g)(2).
"(5) ISSUANCE COSTS.—The term 'issuance costs'—
"(A) means issuance fees and commissions incurred by the Funding Corporation in connection with the issuance or servicing of any obligation of the Funding Corporation; and
"(B) includes legal and accounting expenses, trustee and fiscal and paying agent changes, costs incurred in connec- tion with preparing and printing offering materials, and advertising expenses, to the extent that any such cost or expense is incurred by the Funding Corporation in connec- tion with issuing any obligation.
"(6) NET EARNINGS.—The term 'net earnings' means net earn- ings without reduction for chargeoffs or expenses incurred by a Federal Home Loan Bank for the purchase of capital stock of the Financing Corporation or payments relating to the Funding Corporation required by the Oversight Board under subsections (e) and (f).
"(7) OVERSIGHT BOARD.—The term 'Oversight Board means—
"(A) the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Cor- poration under section 21A; and
"(B) after the termination of the Resolution Trust Corporation— 
"(i) the Secretary of the Treasury; 
"(ii) the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and 
"(iii) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop- ment.
"(8) SAVINGS ASSOCIATION INSURANCE FUND MEMBER.—The term 'Savings Association Insurance Fund member' means a Savings Association Insurance member as such term is defined by section 7(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
"(9) SECRETARY.—The term 'Secretary' means the Secretary of the Treasury.