103 STAT. 328   PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

    "(2) Investigations.—The Director may make such investiga-
tions as the Director deems necessary or appropriate to deter-
mine whether the provisions of this section, and regulations and
orders thereunder, are being and have been complied with by
savings and loan holding companies and subsidiaries and affili-
ates thereof. For the purpose of any investigation under this
section, the Director may administer oaths and affirmations,
issue subpenas, take evidence, and require the production of any
books, papers, correspondence, memorandums, or other records
which may be relevant or material to the inquiry. The attend-
ance of witnesses and the production of any such records may be
required from any place in any State. The Director may apply to
the United States district court for the judicial district (or the
Records. United States court in any territory) in which any witness or
company subpenaed resides or carries on business, for enforce-
ment of any subpena issued pursuant to this paragraph, and
such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and
require compliance.
    "(3) Proceedings.—(A) In any proceeding under subsection
(a)(2)(D) or under paragraph (5) of this section ,the Director may
administer oaths and affirmations, take or cause to be taken
depositions, and issue subpenas. The Director may make regula-
tions with respect to any such proceedings. The attendance of
witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this
paragraph may be required from any place in any State or in
any territory at any designated place where such proceeding is
being conducted. Any party to such proceedings may apply to
District of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or
Columbia. the United States district court for the judicial district or the
United States court in any territory in which such proceeding is
being conducted, or where the witness resides or carries on
business, for enforcement of any subpena issued pursuant to
this paragraph, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and
power to order and require compliance therewith. Witnesses
subpenaed under this section shall be paid the same fees and
mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the
United States.
    "(B) Any hearing provided for in subsection (a)(2)(D) or under
paragraph (5) of this section shall be held in the Federal judicial
district or in the territory in which the principal office of the
association or other company is located unless the party af-
forded the hearing consents to another place, and shall be
conducted in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5 of title
5, United States Code.
    "(4) Injunctions.—Whenever it appears to the Director that
any person is engaged or has engaged or is about to engage in
any acts or practices which constitute or will constitute a
violation of the provisions of this section or of any regulation or
order thereunder, the Director may bring an action in the
proper United States district court, or the United States court of
any territory or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the
United States, to enjoin such acts or practices, to enforce
compliance with this section or any regulation or order, or to
require the divestiture of any acquisition in violation of this
section, or for any combination of the foregoing, and such courts
shall have jurisdiction of such actions. Upon a proper showing