103 STAT. 380   PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

"(C) REPORT.-In the annual report submitted by the 
Secretary to the Congress, the Secretary shall include a 
detailed description of his activities under this paragraph, 
including recommendations for such additional authorization as he deems necessary to implement the provisions of 
this subsection.
"(9) DEFINITIONS.-For purposes of this subsection- 
"(A) ADJUSTED INCOME.-The term 'adjusted income' has 
the same meaning as such term has under section 3 of the 
United States Housing Act of 1937.
"(B) CLEARINGHOUSES.-The term 'clearinghouses' 
means- 
"(i) the State housing finance agency for the State in 
which an eligible residential property is located, 
"(ii) the Office of Community Investment (or other 
comparable division) within the Federal Housing 
Finance Board, and 
"(iii) any national nonprofit organizations (including 
any nonprofit entity established by the corporation 
established under title IX of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1968) that the Corporation 
determines has the capacity to act as a clearinghouse 
for information.
"(C) CORPORATION.-The term 'Corporation' means the
Resolution Trust Corporation either in its corporate capacity or as receiver, but does not include the Corporation in 
its capacity as an operating conservator.
"(D) ELIGIBLE MULTIFAMILY HOUSING PROPERTY.-The 
term 'eligible multifamily housing property' means a property consisting of more than 4 dwelling units- 
"(i) to which the Corporation acquires title; and 
"(ii) that has an appraised value that does not exceed
the applicable dollar amount set forth in section 
221(d)(3)(ii) of the National Housing Act for elevator-type structures (without regard to any increase of such 
amount for high-cost areas).
"(E) ELIGIBLE RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY.- The term 'eligible 
residential property' includes eligible single family properties and eligible multifamily housing properties.
"(F) ELIGIBLE SINGLE FAMILY PROPERTY.-The term 'eli- 
gible single family property' means a 1- to 4-family residence (including a manufactured home)- 
"(i) to which the Corporation acquires title; and 
"(ii) that has an appraised value that does not exceed 
the applicable dollar amount set forth in the first 
sentence of section 203(b)(2) of the National Housing 
Act (without regard to any increase of such amount for 
high-cost areas). 
"(G) LOWER-INCOME FAMILIES.-The term 'lower-income 
families' means families and individuals whose incomes do 
not exceed 80 percent of the median income of the area 
involved, as determined by the Secretary, with adjustment
for family size.
"(H) NET REALIZABLE MARKET VALUE.-The term 'net 
realizable market value' means a price below the market 
value that takes into account (i) any reductions in holding 
costs resulting from the expedited sale of a property, includ-