103 STAT. 266                                               PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

(iii) provisions limiting coverage when a claim is made by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; and
(iv) provisions limiting claims made by one insured against another insured.
In addition, the study shall consider the need for such insurance or bonds and the effect any change in any of the above noted conditions or terms may have on the future availability of such insurance, and the ability of depository institutions to attract qualified officers and directors.
(B) REPORT.—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, together with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General, shall report the findings from the study under subparagraph (A) to the Congress, together with legislative recommendations, if appropriate.

SEC. 221. REGULATIONS GOVERNING INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.

Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828) is amended—
(1) by striking out "(a)" and the 1st 2 sentences of subsection (a) and inserting the following:
"(a) INSURANCE LOGO.—
"(1) INSURED SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.—Each insured savings association shall display at each place of business maintained by such association a sign containing only the following items:
"(A) A statement that insured deposits are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government.
"(B) A statement that deposits are federally insured to $100,000.
"(C) The symbol of an eagle.
The sign shall not contain any reference to a Government agency and shall accord each item substantially equal prominence.
"(2) INSURED BANKS.—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, each insured bank shall display at each place of business maintained by such bank one of the following:
"(A) The sign required to be displayed by insured banks under regulations prescribed by the Corporation in effect on January 1, 1989.
"(B) The sign prescribed under paragraph (1).
"(3) REGULATIONS.—The Corporation shall prescribe regulations to carry out the purposes of this subsection, including regulations governing the manner of display or use of such signs, except that the size of the sign prescribed under paragraph (1) shall be similar to that prescribed under paragraph (2)(A). Initial regulations under this subsection shall be prescribed on the date of enactment of the Financial Institutions Recovery, Reform, and Enforcement Act of 1989.";";
(2) in subsection (c)—
(A) in paragraph (2), by striking out subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: