103 STAT. 246          PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

the new bank. Thereafter the Corporation shall be liable for the obligations of such bank and shall be the owner of its asserts.

"(19) APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN LAWS.—The provisions of sections 5220 and 5221 of the Revised Statutes shall not apply to a new bank under this subsection.".

SEC. 214. BRIDGE BANKS.

Section 11 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1821) is amended by inserting after subsection (m) (as added by section 213) the following new subsection:
"(n) BRIDGE BANKS.—
"(1) ORGANIZATION.—
   "(A)  PURPOSE.—When 1 or more insured banks are in default, or when the Corporation anticipates that 1 or more insured banks may become in default, the Corporation may, in its discretion, organize, and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency shall charter, 1 or more national banks with respect thereto with the powers and attributes of national banking associations, subject to the provisions of this subsection, to be referred as bridge banks.
   "(B) AUTHORITIES.—Upon the granting of a charter to a bridge bank, the bridge bank may—
      "(i)  assume such deposits of such insured bank or banks that is or are in default or in danger of default as the Corporation may, in its discretion, determine to be appropriate, except that if any insured deposits of a bank are assumed, all insured deposits of that bank shall be assumed by the bridge bank or another insured depository institution;
      "(ii) assume such other liabilities (including liabilities associated with any trust business) of such insured banks or banks that is or are in default or in danger of default as the Corporation may, in its discretion, determine to be appropriate;
      "(iii) purchase such assets (including assets associated with any trust business) of such insured bank or banks that is or are in default or in danger of default as the Corporation may, in its discretion, determine to be appropriate; and
      "(iv) perform any other temporary function which the Corporation may, in its discretion, prescribe in accordance with this Act.
   "(C) ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.—The articles of association and organization certificate of a bridge bank as approved by the Corporation shall be executed by 3 representatives designated by the Corporation.
   "(D) INTERIM DIRECTORS.—A bridge bank shall have an interim board of directors consisting of not fewer than 5 nor more than 10 members appointed by the Corporation.
   "(E) NATIONAL BANK.—A bridge bank shall be organized as a national bank.
"(2) CHARTERING.—
   "(A) CONDITIONS.—A national bank may be chartered by the Comptroller of the Currency as a bridge bank only if the Board of Directors determines that—
      "(i) the amount which is reasonably necessary to operate such bridge bank will not exceed the amount