PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989	103 STAT. 521

(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall include, in the 1st annual report submitted to the Congress under section 331(a) of title 31, United States Code, after the completion of the consultation required by subsection (a), a report of the actions taken by 'the Secretary to increase the use of underutilized minority banks, women's banks, and limited income credit unions as depositaries or financial agents of Federal agencies.

(c) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section:
	(1) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY.—The term "appropriate Federal banking agency" has the meaning given to such term in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
	(2) MINORITY BANK.—The term "minority bank" means any depository institution described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 19(b)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act—
		(A) More than 50 percent of the ownership or control of which is held by 1 or more minority individuals; and
		(B) more than 50 percent of the net profit or loss of which accrues to 1 or more minority individuals.
	(3) MINORITY.—The term "minority" means any Black American, Native American, Hispanic American, or Asian American.
	(4) LOW-INCOME CREDIT UNION.—The term "low-income credit union" means any depository institution described in section 19(b)(1)(A)(iv) of the Federal Reserve Act which serves predominately low-income members (as defined by the National Credit Union Administration Board pursuant to section 101(6) of the Federal Credit Union Act).
	(5) WOMEN'S BANK.—The term "women's bank" means any depository institution described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 19(b)(l)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act—
		(A) more than 50 percent of the outstanding shares of which are held by 1 or more women;
		(B) the majority of the directors on the board of directors of which are women; and
		(C) a significant percentage of senior management positions of which are held by women.

SEC. 1205. CREDIT STANDARDS ADVISORY COMMITTEE.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is hereby established the Credit Standards Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the "Committee").
(b) MEMBERSHIP.—
	(1) APPOINTMENT.—The Committee shall consist of 11 members, as follows:
		(A) The Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the Chairman's designee.
		(B) The Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, or the Director's designee.
		(C) The Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the Chairperson's designee.
		(D) The Comptroller of the Currency, or the Comptroller's designee.
		(E) The Chairman of the National Credit Union Administration, or the Chairman's designee.
		(F) 6 members of the public appointed by the President who are knowledgeable with the credit standards and lend-