103 STAT. 388 PUBLIC LAW 101-73—AUG. 9, 1989

"(i) A statement of the total book value of all assets held or managed by the Corporation at the beginning and end of the reporting period.
"(ii) A statement of the total book value of such assets which are under contract to be managed by private persons and entities at the beginning and end of the reporting period.
"(iii) The number of employees of the Corporation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Oversight Board at the beginning and end of the reporting period.
"(iv) The total amounts expended on employee wages, salaries, and overhead, during such period which are attributable to—
  "(I) contracting with, supervising, or reviewing the performance of private contractors, or
  "(II) managing or disposing of such assets.
  "(v) A statement of the total amount expended on private contractors for the management of such assets.
  "(vi) A statement of the efforts of the Corporation to maximize the efficient utilization of the resources of the private sector during the reporting period and in 
future reporting periods and a description of the policies and procedures adopted to ensure adequate competition and fair and consistent treatment of qualified third parties seeking to provide services to the Corporation or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
  "(vii) The total book value and total proceeds from such assets disposed of during the reporting period.
  "(viii) Summary data on discounts from book value at which such assets were sold or otherwise disposed of during the reporting period.
  "(ix) A list of all of the areas that carried a distressed area designation during the reporting period (including a justification for removal of areas from or addition of 
areas to the list of distressed areas).
  "(x) An evaluation of market conditions in distressed areas and a description of any changes in conditions during the reporting period.
  "(xi) Any change adopted by the Oversight Board in a minimum disposition price and the reasons for such change.
  "(xii) The valuation method or methods adopted by the Oversight Board or the Corporation to value assets and the reasons for selecting such methods.
"(6) APPEARANCES BEFORE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.—
  "(A) SEMIANNUAL APPEARANCE REQUIRED.—Not later than 30 days after submission of the semiannual reports required by paragraph (5), the Oversight Board shall appear before the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate to—
  "(i) report on the progress made during such period in resolving cases involving institutions described in subsection (b)(3)(A);