103 STAT. 434    PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989

(B) in subsection (a)(2), by striking out “Federal Home
Loan Bank Board” and inserting in lieu thereof “Federal
Housing Finance Board”,
(g) STANDBY CREDIT.-Section 306(c) of the Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1455(c)) is amended to read as 
 follows:

“(c)(1) The Secretary of the Treasury may purchase any obliga-
tions issued under subsection (a). For such purpose, the Secretary
may use as a public debt transaction the proceeds of the sale of any
securities issued under chapter 31 of title 31, United States Code,
and the purposes for which such securities may be issued under such
chapter are extended to include such purpose.

"(2) The Secretary of Treasury shall not at any time purchase any
obligations under this subsection if the purchase would increase the
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding holdings of obliga-
tions under this subsection by the Secretary to an amount greater
than $2,250,000,000,

“(3) Each purchase of obligations by the Secretary of the Treasury
under this subsection shall be upon terms and conditions established
to yield a rate of return determined by the Secretary to be appro-
priate, taking into consideration the current average rate on
outstanding marketable obligations of the United States as of the
last day of the month preceding the making of the purchase.

“(4) The Secretary of the Treasury may at any time sell, upon
terms and conditions and at prices determined by the Secretary, any
of the obligations acquired by the Secretary under this subsection.

“(5) All redemptions, purchases and sales by the Secretary of the
Treasury of obligations under this subsection shall be treated as
public debt transactions of the United States.” 

(h) PREFERRED STOCK.-Section 306(f) of the Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1455(f)) is amended to read as
follows:
“(f) The Corporation may have preferred stock on such terms and
conditions as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. Any preferred
stocks shall not be entitled to vote with respect to the election of any
member of the Board of Directors.”

(i) TERMS OF OBLIGATIONS.-Section 306 of the Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1455) is amended by adding at
the end the following new subsections:

“(i)(1) Any notes, debentures, or substantially identical types of
unsecured obligations of the Corporation evidencing money bor-
rowed, whether general or subordinated, shall be issued upon the 
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury and shall have such
maturities and bear such rate or rates of interest as may be deter-
mined by the Corporation with the approval of the Secretary of the 
Treasury,

“(2) Any notes, debentures, or substantially identical types of
unsecured obligations of the Corporation having maturities of 1 year
or less that the Corporation has issued or is issuing as of the date of
the enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and
Enforcement Act of 1989 shall be deemed to have been approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury as required by this subsection. Such
deemed approval shall expire 365 days after such date of enactment.

"(3) Any notes, debentures, or substantially identical types of
unsecured obligations of the Corporation having maturities of more
than 1 year that the Corporation has issued or is issuing as of the
date of the enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recov-