103 STAT. 384            PUBLIC LAW 101-73 - AUG. 9, 1989

Loans.

"(1) ASSUMPTION BY CORPORATION.-On the date of the enact- 
  ment of this section, the Corporation shall, by operation of law 
  (and without further action by the Corporation, the Oversight
  Board, the Federal Housing Finance Board, the Federal Savings 
  and Loan Insurance Corporation, or any court), assume all 
  rights and obligations of the Federal Savings and Loan Insur-
  ance Corporation with respect to any guarantee issued by the 
  Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation during the 
  period beginning on January 1, 1989, and ending on such date of 
  enactment, in connection with any loan to any savings associa- 
  tion by any Federal Reserve bank or Federal Home Loan Bank 
  (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as a 'lender').
    "(2) PAYMENT BY CORPORATION.- Any obligation assumed by 
  the Corporation for any guarantee described in paragraph (1) to 
  any lender shall be paid by the Corporation before the end of 
  the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this 
  section. Payment shall be made from funds or assets available 
  to the Corporation.
    "(3) PRIORITY OF CLAIMS OF LENDERS.- Any claim by a lender 
  with respect to any obligation assumed by the Corporation for a 
  guarantee described in paragraph (1) shall have priority over all 
  other secured or unsecured obligations of the Corporation.
    "(4) TREASURY BACKUP.- If the resources of the Corporation 
  are insufficient to pay all the obligations assumed by the Cor- 
  poration under paragraph (1) within the 1-year period, the 
  Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the amount of any such 
  deficiency. There are hereby appropriated to the Secretary for 
  fiscal year 1989 and each fiscal year thereafter, such sums as 
  may be necessary to pay such deficiency.
"(i) BORROWING.-
    "(1) IN GENERAL.- The Corporation, upon approval of the 
  Oversight Board, is authorized to borrow from the Treasury. 
  The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to loan 
  to the Corporation, on such terms as may be fixed by the 
  Secretary of the Treasury, an amount not exceeding in the 
  aggregate $5,000,000,000 outstanding at any one time.
    "(2) INTEREST RATE.- Each such loan shall bear interest at a 
  rate determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, taking into 
  consideration current market yields on outstanding marketable 
  obligations of the United States of comparable maturities.
"(j) MAXIMUM AMOUNT LIMITATIONS ON OUTSTANDING OBLIGA-
  TIONS.-
    "(1) IN GENERAL.- Notwithstanding any other provision of 
  this section, the amount which is equal to-
      "(A) the sum of-
         "(i) the total amount of contributions received from 
      the Resolution Funding Corporation; and 
         "(ii) the total amount of outstanding obligations of 
      the Corporation; minus
      "(B) the sum of-
         "(i) the amount of cash held by the Corporation; and 
         "(ii) the amount which is equal to 85 percent of the 
      Corporation's estimate of the fair market value of other 
      assets held by the Corporation, 
  may not exceed $50,000,000,000.