PUBLIC LAW 101-73-AUG. 9, 1989	103 STAT. 283

overdraftin such savings association's account at a Federal reserve bank or Federal home loan bank on behalf of an affiliate.
All savings accounts and demand accounts shall have the same priority upon liquidation. Holders of accounts and obligors of a Federal savings association shall, to such extent as may be provided by its charter or by regulations of the Director, be members of the savings association, and shall have such voting rights and such other rights as are thereby provided.
"(C) A Federal savings association may require not less than 14 days notice prior to payment of savings accounts if the charter of the savings association or the regulations of the Director so provide.
"(D) If a Federal savings association does not pay all withdrawals in full (subject to the right of the association, where applicable, to require notice), the payment of withdrawals from accounts shall be subject to such rules and procedures as may be prescribed by the savings association's charter or by regulation of the Director. Except as authorized in writing by the Director, any Federal savings association that fails to make full payment of any withdrawal when due shall be deemed to be in an unsafe or unsound condition.
"(E) Accounts may be subject to check or to withdrawal or transfer on negotiable or transferable or other order or authorization to the Federal savings association, as the Director may by regulation provide.
"(F) A Federal savings association may establish remote service units for the purpose of crediting savings or demand accounts, debiting such accounts, crediting payments on loans, and the disposition of related financial transactions, as provided in regulations prescribed by the Director.
"(2) OTHER LIABILITIES.—To such extent as the Director may authorize in writing, a Federal savings association may borrow, may give security, may be surety as defined by the Director and may issue such notes, bonds, debentures, or other obligations, or other securities, including capital stock.
"(3) LOANS FROM STATE HOUSING FINANCE AGENCIES.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Subject to regulation by the Director but without regard to any other provision of this subsection, any Federal savings association that is in compliance with the capital standards in effect under subsection (t) may borrow funds from a State mortgage finance agency of the State in which the head office of such savings association is situated to the same extent as State law authorizes a savings association organized under the laws of such State to borrow from the State mortgage finance agency.
“(B) INTEREST RATE.—A Federal savings association may not make any loan of funds borrowed under subparagraph (A) at an interest rate which exceeds by more than 174 percent per annum the interest rate paid to the State mortgage finance agency on the obligations issued to obtain the funds so borrowed.
"(4) CREDIT CARDS.—Subject to regulations of the Director, a Federal savings association may issue credit cards, extend credit