124 STAT. 1450              PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

    (3) REPORT TO COUNCIL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Council on the results of the study conducted under this subsection.
    (4) COUNCIL REPORT OF ACTION.—Not later than 6 months after the date of receipt of the report from the Comptroller General under paragraph (3), the Council shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on actions taken in response to the report, including any recommendations made to the Federal primary financial regulatory agencies under section 120.

12 USC 5383.

SEC. 203. SYSTEMIC RISK DETERMINATION.
    (a) WRITTEN RECOMMENDATION AND DETERMINATION —
        (1) VOTE REQUIRED.— 
            (A) IN GENERAL.—On their own initiative, or at the request of the Secretary, the Corporation and the Board of Governors shall consider whether to make a written recommendation described in paragraph (2) with respect to whether the Secretary should appoint the Corporation as receiver for a financial company. Such recommendation shall be made upon a vote of not fewer than 2⁄3 of the members of the Board of Governors then serving and 2⁄3 of the members of the board of directors of the Corporation then serving.
            (B) CASES INVOLVING BROKERS OR DEALERS.—In the case of a broker or dealer, or in which the largest United States subsidiary (as measured by total assets as of the end of the previous calendar quarter) of a financial company is a broker or dealer, the Commission and the Board of Governors, at the request of the Secretary, or on their own initiative, shall consider whether to make the written recommendation described in paragraph (2) with respect to the financial company. Subject to the requirements in paragraph (2), such recommendation shall be made upon a vote of not fewer than 2⁄3 of the members of the Board of Governors then serving and 2⁄3 of the members of the Commission then serving, and in consultation with the Corporation.
            (C) CASES INVOLVING INSURANCE COMPANIES.—In the case of an insurance company, or in which the largest United States subsidiary (as measured by total assets as of the end of the previous calendar quarter) of a financial company is an insurance company, the Director of the Federal Insurance Office and the Board of Governors, at the request of the Secretary or on their own initiative, shall consider whether to make the written recommendation described in paragraph (2) with respect to the financial company. Subject to the requirements in paragraph (2), such recommendation shall be made upon a vote of not fewer than 2⁄3 of the Board of Governors then serving and the affirmative approval of the Director of the Federal Insurance Office, and in consultation with the Corporation.
        (2) RECOMMENDATION REQUIRED.—Any written recommendation pursuant to paragraph (1) shall contain—