124 STAT. 2114          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

company, and that the security for emergency loans is 
sufficient to protect taxpayers from losses and that any 
such program is terminated in a timely and orderly fashion. 
The policies and procedures established by the Board shall 
require that a Federal reserve bank assign, consistent with 
sound risk management practices and to ensure protection 
for the taxpayer, a lendable value to all collateral for a 
loan executed by a Federal reserve bank under this para-
graph in determining whether the loan is secured satisfac-
torily for purposes of this paragraph. 
‘‘(iii) The Board shall establish procedures to prohibit 
borrowing from programs and facilities by borrowers that 
are insolvent. Such procedures may include a certification 
from the chief executive officer (or other authorized officer) 
of the borrower, at the time the borrower initially borrows 
under the program or facility (with a duty by the borrower 
to update the certification if the information in the certifi-
cation materially changes), that the borrower is not insol-
vent. A borrower shall be considered insolvent for purposes 
of this subparagraph, if the borrower is in bankruptcy, 
resolution under title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or any other Federal 
or State insolvency proceeding. 
‘‘(iv) A program or facility that is structured to remove 
assets from the balance sheet of a single and specific com-
pany, or that is established for the purpose of assisting 
a single and specific company avoid bankruptcy, resolution 
under title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act, or any other Federal or State 
insolvency proceeding, shall not be considered a program 
or facility with broad-based eligibility. 
‘‘(v) The Board may not establish any program or 
facility under this paragraph without the prior approval 
of the Secretary of the Treasury. 
Deadlines.        ‘‘(C) The Board shall provide to the Committee on 
Reports.            Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and 
the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Repre-
sentatives— 
‘‘(i) not later than 7 days after the Board authorizes 
any loan or other financial assistance under this para-
graph, a report that includes— 
‘‘(I) the justification for the exercise of 
authority to provide such assistance; 
‘‘(II) the identity of the recipients of such 
assistance; 
‘‘(III) the date and amount of the assistance, 
and form in which the assistance was provided; 
and 
‘‘(IV) the material terms of the assistance, 
including— 
‘‘(aa) duration; 
‘‘(bb) collateral pledged and the value 
thereof; 
‘‘(cc) all interest, fees, and other revenue 
or items of value to be received in exchange 
for the assistance;
