124 STAT. 1746

PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and
‘‘(bb) make the report available to the public through publication of a report on the 

Public information. Web posting.

website of the Commission. 
‘‘(3) RIGHTS RETAINED.—Nothing in this section shall be deemed to diminish the rights, privileges, or remedies of any whistleblower under any Federal or State law, or under any collective bargaining agreement.
‘‘(i) RULEMAKING AUTHORITY.—The Commission shall have the authority to issue such rules and regulations as may be necessary or appropriate to implement the provisions of this section consistent with the purposes of this section.
Deadline. ‘‘(j) IMPLEMENTING RULES.—The Commission shall issue final rules or regulations implementing the provisions of this section not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010.
‘‘(k) ORIGINAL INFORMATION.—Information submitted to the Commission by a whistleblower in accordance with rules or regula- tions implementing this section shall not lose its status as original information solely because the whistleblower submitted such information prior to the effective date of such rules or regulations, provided such information was submitted after the date of enact- ment of the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010.
‘‘(l) AWARDS.—A whistleblower may receive an award pursuant to this section regardless of whether any violation of a provision of this Act, or a rule or regulation thereunder, underlying the judicial or administrative action upon which the award is based occurred prior to the date of enactment of the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010.
‘‘(m) PROVISION OF FALSE INFORMATION.—A whistleblower who knowingly and willfully makes any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation, or who makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry, shall not be entitled to an award under this section and shall be subject to prosecution under section 1001 of title 18, United States Code.
‘‘(n) NONENFORCEABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS WAIVING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OR REQUIRING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES.—
‘‘(1) WAIVER OF RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.—The rights and remedies provided for in this section may not be waived by
any agreement, policy form, or condition of employment including by a predispute arbitration agreement.
‘‘(2) PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION AGREEMENTS.—No predispute arbitration agreement shall be valid or enforceable, if the agree- ment requires arbitration of a dispute arising under this sec-tion.’’.

SEC. 749. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.

(a) Section 4d of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6d) (as amended by section 724) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)—
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)—
(i) by striking ‘‘engage as’’ and inserting ‘‘be a’’;
and