124 STAT. 1882

PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

such services relate, written certification, as provided in subparagraph (C).
“(C) FORMAT AND CONTENT.—The Commission shall establish the appropriate format and content for the written certifications required under subparagraph (B), to ensure that providers of due diligence services have conducted a thorough review of data, documentation, and other relevant information necessary for a nationally recognized statistical rating organization to provide an accurate rating.
Regulations.
Public information.
“(D) DISCLOSURE OF CERTIFICATION.—The Commission shall adopt rules requiring a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, at the time at which the nationally recognized statistical rating organization produces a rating, to disclose the certification described in subparagraph (B) to the public in a manner that allows the public to determine the adequacy and level of due diligence services provided by a third party.

“(c) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, ORGANIZATION, AND MANAGEMENT OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.—

Establishment.
“(1) BOARD OF DIRECTORS.—Each nationally recognized statistical rating organization shall have a board of directors.
“(2) INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—At least ½ of the board of directors, but not fewer than 2 of the members thereof, shall be independent of the nationally recognized statistical rating agency. A portion of the independent directors shall include users of ratings from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.
“(B) INDEPENDENCE DETERMINATION.—In order to be considered independent for purposes of this subsection, a member of the board of directors of a nationally recognized statistical rating organization—
“(i) may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the board of directors or any committee thereof—
“(I) accept any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the nationally recognized statistical rating organization; or
“(II) be a person associated with the nationally recognized statistical rating organization or with any affiliated company thereof; and
“(ii) shall be disqualified from any deliberation involving a specific rating in which the independent board member has a financial interest in the outcome of the rating.
“(C) COMPENSATION AND TERM.—The compensation of the independent members of the board of directors of a nationally recognized statistical rating organization shall not be linked to the business performance of the nationally recognized statistical rating organization, and shall be arranged so as to ensure the independence of their judgment. The term of office of the independent directors shall be for a pre-agreed fixed period, not to exceed 5 years, and shall not be renewable.
“(3) DUTIES OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS.—In addition to the overall responsibilities of the board of directors, the board shall oversee—