124 STAT. 1448

PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

up to 1 additional year, if the Chairperson of the Corporation, with the concurrence of the Secretary, submits the certifications described in paragraph (2).
(B) ADDITIONAL REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 30 days after the date of commencement of the extension under subparagraph (A), the Corporation shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives describing the need for the extension and the specific plan of the Corporation to conclude the receivership before the end of the second extension.
Deadline. Termination date.
(4) ONGOING LITIGATION.—The time limit under this subsection, as extended under paragraph (3), may be further extended solely for the purpose of completing ongoing litigation in which the Corporation as receiver is a party, provided that the appointment of the Corporation as receiver shall terminate not later than 90 days after the date of completion of such litigation, if—
(A) the Council determines that the Corporation used its best efforts to conclude the receivership in accordance with its plan before the end of the time limit described in paragraph (3);
(B) the Council determines that the completion of longer-term responsibilities in the form of ongoing litigation justifies the need for an extension; and 
Reports. Deadline.
(C) the Corporation submits a report approved by the Council not later than 30 days after the date of the determinations by the Council under subparagraphs (A) and (B) to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, describing—
(i) the ongoing litigation justifying the need for an extension; and 
(ii) the specific plan of the Corporation to complete the litigation and conclude the receivership.
(5) REGULATIONS.—The Corporation may issue regulations governing the termination of receiverships under this title.
(6) NO LIABILITY.—The Corporation and the Deposit Insurance Fund shall not be liable for unresolved claims arising from the receivership after the termination of the receivership.
(f) STUDY OF BANKRUPTCY AND ORDERLY LIQUIDATION PROCESS FOR FINANCIAL COMPANIES.—
(1) STUDY.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Comptroller General of the United States shall each monitor the activities of the Court, and each such Office shall conduct separate studies regarding the bankruptcy and orderly liquidation process for financial companies under the Bankruptcy Code.
Evaluation.
(B) ISSUES TO BE STUDIED.—In conducting the study under subparagraph (A), the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Comptroller General of the United States each shall evaluate—
(i) the effectiveness of chapter 7 or chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in facilitating the orderly liquidation or reorganization of financial companies;