124 STAT. 1986

PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

only with the affirmative vote in accordance with subparagraph (B) of 2/3 of the members of the Council then serving.
(B) AUTHORIZATION TO VOTE.—A member of the Council may vote to stay the effectiveness of, or set aside, a final regulation prescribed by the Bureau only if the agency or department represented by that member has—
(i) considered any relevant information provided by the agency submitting the petition and by the Bureau; and
(ii) made an official determination, at a public meeting where applicable, that the regulation which is the subject of the petition would put the safety and soundness of the United States banking system or the stability of the financial system of the United States at risk.
(4) DECISIONS TO SET ASIDE.—
(A) EFFECT OF DECISION.—A decision by the Council to set aside a regulation prescribed by the Bureau, or provision thereof, shall render such regulation, or provision thereof, unenforceable.
(B) TIMELY ACTION REQUIRED.—The Council may not issue a decision to set aside a regulation, or provision thereof, which is the subject of a petition under this section after the expiration of the later of—
(i) 45 days following the date of filing of the petition, unless a stay is issued under paragraph (1); or
(ii) the expiration of a stay issued by the Council under this section.
(C) SEPARATE AUTHORITY.—The issuance of a stay under this section does not affect the authority of the Council to set aside a regulation.
(5) DISMISSAL DUE TO INACTION.—A petition under this section shall be deemed dismissed if the Council has not issued a decision to set aside a regulation, or provision thereof, within the period for timely action under paragraph (4)(B).
(6) PUBLICATION OF DECISION.—Any decision under this subsection to issue a stay of, or set aside, a regulation or provision thereof shall be published by the Council in the Federal Register as soon as practicable after the decision is made, with an explanation of the reasons for the decision.
(7) RULEMAKING PROCEDURES INAPPLICABLE.—The notice and comment procedures under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any decision under this section of the Council to issue a stay of, or set aside, a regulation.
(8) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF DECISIONS BY THE COUNCIL.—A decision by the Council to set aside a regulation prescribed by the Bureau, or provision thereof, shall be subject to review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code.
(d) APPLICATION OF OTHER LAW.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as altering, limiting, or restricting the application of any other provision of law, except as otherwise specifically provided in this section, including chapter 5 and chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, to a regulation which is the subject of a petition filed under this section.
(e) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting or restricting the Bureau from engaging in a rulemaking in accordance with applicable law.