PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 2177

(2) AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary shall make the materials
specified in paragraph (1) available for electronic access and,
where appropriate, inform potential homebuyers of such avail¬
ability through home purchase counseling public service
announcements and toll-free telephone hotlines of the Depart¬
ment of Housing and Urban Development. The Secretary shall
give special emphasis to reaching first-time and low-income
homebuyers with these materials and efforts.
(3) UPDATING.—The Secretary may periodically update and
revise such materials, as the Secretary determines to be appro¬
priate.

(b) REQUIREMENT FOR FHA-APPROVED LENDERS.—Each mort¬
gagee approved for participation in the mortgage insurance pro¬
grams under title II of the National Housing Act shall provide
prospective homebuyers, at first contact, whether upon pre-quali¬
fication, pre-approval, or initial application, the materials specified
in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of subsection (a)(1).
(c) REQUIREMENTS FOR HUD-APPROVED COUNSELING AGEN¬
CIES.—Each counseling agency certified pursuant by the Secretary
to provide housing counseling services shall provide each of their
clients, as part of the home purchase counseling process, the mate¬
rials specified in subparagraphs (C) and (D) of subsection (a)(1).
(d) TRAINING.—Training provided the Department of Housing
and Urban Development for housing counseling agencies, whether
such training is provided directly by the Department or otherwise,
shall include—
(1) providing information on counseling potential home¬
buyers of the availability and importance of getting an inde¬
pendent home inspection;
(2) providing information about the home inspection
process, including the reasons for specific inspections such as
radon and lead-based paint testing;
(3) providing information about advising potential home¬
buyers on how to locate and select a qualified home inspector;
and
(4) review of home inspection public outreach materials
of the Department.

SEC. 1452. WARNINGS TO HOMEOWNERS OF FORECLOSURE RESCUE
SCAMS.

(a) ASSISTANCE TO NRC.—Notwithstanding any other provision
of law, of any amounts made available for any fiscal year pursuant
to section 106(a)(4)(F) of the Housing and Urban Development
Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x(a)(4)(F)) (as added by section 1444),
10 percent shall be used only for assistance to the Neighborhood
Reinvestment Corporation for activities, in consultation with
servicers of residential mortgage loans, to provide notice to bor¬
rowers under such loans who are delinquent with respect to pay¬
ments due under such loans that makes such borrowers aware
of the dangers of fraudulent activities associated with foreclosure.
(b) NOTICE.—The Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, in
consultation with servicers of residential mortgage loans, shall use
the amounts provided pursuant to subsection (a) to carry out activi¬
ties to inform borrowers under residential mortgage loans—
(1) that the foreclosure process is complex and can be
confusing;