124 STAT. 1912      PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

“(2) DIVISION OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT.—The Division of Investment Management of the Commission, or any successor organizational unit, shall have a staff of examiners who shall—
“(A) perform compliance inspections and examinations of entities under the jurisdiction of that Division; and
“(B) report to the Director of that Division.”.

SEC. 966. SUGGESTION PROGRAM FOR EMPLOYEES OF THE COMMISSION.
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4C (15 U.S.C. 78d–3) the following:
“SEC. 4D. ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF INSPECTOR GENERAL.
“(a) SUGGESTION SUBMISSIONS BY COMMISSION EMPLOYEES.—
“(1) HOTLINE ESTABLISHED.—The Inspector General of the Commission shall establish and maintain a telephone hotline or other electronic means for the receipt of—
“(A) suggestions by employees of the Commission for improvements in the work efficiency, effectiveness, and productivity, and the use of the resources, of the Commission; and
“(B) allegations by employees of the Commission of waste, abuse, misconduct, or mismanagement within the Commission.
“(2) CONFIDENTIALITY.—The Inspector General shall maintain as confidential—
“(A) the identity of any individual who provides information by the means established under paragraph (1), unless the individual requests otherwise, in writing; and
“(B) at the request of any such individual, any specific information provided by the individual.
“(b) CONSIDERATION OF REPORTS.—The Inspector General shall consider any suggestions or allegations received by the means established under subsection (a)(1), and shall recommend appropriate action in relation to such suggestions or allegations.
“(c) RECOGNITION.—The Inspector General may recognize any employee who makes a suggestion under subsection (a)(1) or by other means that would or does—
“(1) increase the work efficiency, effectiveness, or productivity of the Commission; or
“(2) reduce waste, abuse, misconduct, or mismanagement within the Commission.
“(d) REPORT.—The Inspector General of the Commission shall submit to Congress an annual report containing a description of—
“(1) the nature, number, and potential benefits of any suggestions received under subsection (a);
“(2) the nature, number, and seriousness of any allegations received under subsection (a);
“(3) any recommendations made or actions taken by the Inspector General in response to substantiated allegations received under subsection (a); and
“(4) any action the Commission has taken in response to suggestions or allegations received under subsection (a).
“(e) FUNDING.—The activities of the Inspector General under this subsection shall be funded by the Securities and Exchange