PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010 

as in subsection (a) of the first section of the Clayton Act, except that such term includes section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, to the extent that such section 5 applies to unfair methods of competition.

TITLE I—FINANCIAL STABILITY

SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Stability Act of 2010’’.

SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this title, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions shall apply:
(1) BANK HOLDING COMPANY.—The term ‘‘bank holding company’’ has the same meaning as in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841). A foreign bank or company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, pursuant to section 8(a) of the International Banking Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3106(a)), shall be treated as a bank holding company for purposes of this title.
(2) CHAIRPERSON.—The term ‘‘Chairperson’’ means the Chairperson of the Council.
(3) MEMBER AGENCY.—The term ‘‘member agency’’ means an agency represented by a voting member of the Council.
(4) NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANY DEFINITIONS—
(A) FOREIGN NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANY.—The term ‘‘foreign nonbank financial company’’ means a company (other than a company that is, or is treated in the United States as, a bank holding company) that is—
(i) incorporated or organized in a country other than the United States; and
(ii) predominantly engaged in, including through a branch in the United States, financial activities, as defined in paragraph (6).
(B) U.S. NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANY.—The term ‘‘U.S. nonbank financial company’’ means a company (other than a bank holding company, a Farm Credit System institution chartered and subject to the provisions of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.), or a national securities exchange (or parent thereof), clearing agency (or parent thereof, unless the parent is a bank holding company), security-based swap execution facility, or security-based swap data repository registered with the Commission, or a board of trade designated as a contract market (or parent thereof), or a derivatives clearing organization (or parent thereof, unless the parent is a bank holding company), swap execution facility or a swap data repository registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission), that is—
(i) incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States or any State; and
(ii) predominantly engaged in financial activities, as defined in paragraph (6).