PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010	124 STAT. 2005

Commission is authorized to prescribe rules under sections 5 and 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, with respect to a person described in subsection (a).
(e) COORDINATION WITH OFFICE OF SERVICE MEMBER AFFAIRS.—The Board of Governors and the Federal Trade Commission shall coordinate with the Office of Service Member Affairs, to ensure that—
(1) service members and their families are educated and empowered to make better informed decisions regarding consumer financial products and services offered by motor vehicle dealers, with a focus on motor vehicle dealers in the proximity of military installations; and
(2) complaints by service members and their families concerning such motor vehicle dealers are effectively monitored and responded to, and where appropriate, enforcement action is pursued by the authorized agencies.
(f) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section, the following definitions shall apply:
(1) MOTOR VEHICLE.—The term “motor vehicle” means—
(A) any self-propelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or property on a street, highway, or other road;
(B) recreational boats and marine equipment;
(C) motorcycles;
(D) motor homes, recreational vehicle trailers, and slide-in campers, as those terms are defined in sections 571.3 and 575.103 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto; and
(E) other vehicles that are titled and sold through dealers.
(2) MOTOR VEHICLE DEALER.—The term “motor vehicle dealer” means any person or resident in the United States, or any territory of the United States, who—
(A) is licensed by a State, a territory of the United States, or the District of Columbia to engage in the sale of motor vehicles; and
(B) takes title to, holds an ownership in, or takes physical custody of motor vehicles.
SEC. 1029A. EFFECTIVE DATE.
This subtitle shall become effective on the designated transfer date, except that sections 1022, 1024, and 1025(e) shall become effective on the date of enactment of this Act.

Subtitle C—Specific Bureau Authorities

SEC. 1031. PROHIBITING UNFAIR, DECEPTIVE, OR ABUSIVE ACTS OR PRACTICES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau may take any action authorized under subtitle E to prevent a covered person or service provider from committing or engaging in an unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under Federal law in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product or service.
(b) RULEMAKING.—The Bureau may prescribe rules applicable to a covered person or service provider identifying as unlawful