PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010               124 STAT. 1519

made by the Council in carrying out the study required un subsection (a).

SEC. 216. STUDY ON BANKRUPTCY PROCESS FOR FINANCIAL AND NONBANK FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.

(a) STUDY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Upon enactment of this Act, the Board of Governors, in consultation with the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, shall conduct a study regarding the resolution of financial companies under the Bankruptcy Code, under chapter 7 or 11 thereof.
(2) ISSUES TO BE STUDIED.—Issues to be studied under this section include—
(A) the effectiveness of chapter 7 and chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in facilitating the orderly resolution or reorganization of systemic financial companies;
(B) whether a special financial resolution court or panel of special masters or judges should be established to oversee cases involving financial companies to provide for the resolution of such companies under the Bankruptcy Code, in a manner that minimizes adverse impacts on financial markets without creating moral hazard;
(C) whether amendments to the Bankruptcy Code should be adopted to enhance the ability of the Code to resolve financial companies in a manner that minimizes adverse impacts on financial markets without creating moral hazard;
(D) whether amendments should be made to the Bankruptcy Code, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and other insolvency laws to address the manner in which qualified financial contracts of financial companies are treated; and
(E) the implications, challenges, and benefits to creating a new chapter or subchapter of the Bankruptcy Code to deal with financial companies.

(b) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and in each successive year until the fifth year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall submit to the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committees on Financial Services and the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report summarizing the results of the study conducted under subsection (a).

SEC. 217. STUDY ON INTERNATIONAL COORDINATION RELATING TO BANKRUPTCY PROCESS FOR NONBANK FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.

(a) STUDY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Board of Governors, in consultation with the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, shall conduct a study regarding international coordination relating to the resolution of systemic financial companies under the United States Bankruptcy Code and applicable foreign law.
(2) ISSUES TO BE STUDIED.—With respect to the bankruptcy process for financial companies, issues to be studied under this section include—
(A) the extent to which international coordination currently exists;