124 STAT. 1710        PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

  ‘‘(ii) before the initiation of the transaction, disclose
    to the Special Entity in writing the capacity in which
    the swap dealer is acting; and
  ‘‘(B) the Commission may establish such other stand-
ards and requirements as the Commission may determine
are appropriate in the public interest, for the protection
of investors, or otherwise in furtherance of the purposes
of this Act.
‘‘(6) RULES.—The Commission shall prescribe rules under
this subsection governing business conduct standards for swap
dealers and major swap participants.

 ‘‘(7) APPLICABILITY.—This section shall not apply with
respect to a transaction that is—
  ‘‘(A) initiated by a Special Entity on an exchange or
swap execution facility; and
  ‘‘(B) one in which the swap dealer or major swap
participant does not know the identity of the counterparty
to the transaction.

‘‘(i) DOCUMENTATION STANDARDS.—
  ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Each registered swap dealer and major
swap participant shall conform with such standards as may
be prescribed by the Commission by rule or regulation that
relate to timely and accurate confirmation, processing, netting,
documentation, and valuation of all swaps.

  ‘‘(2) RULES.—The Commission shall adopt rules governing
documentation standards for swap dealers and major swap
participants.

‘‘(j) DUTIES.—Each registered swap dealer and major swap
participant at all times shall comply with the following require-
ments:

  ‘‘(1) MONITORING OF TRADING.—The swap dealer or major
swap participant shall monitor its trading in swaps to prevent
violations of applicable position limits.

  ‘‘(2) RISK MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES.—The swap dealer or
major swap participant shall establish robust and professional
risk management systems adequate for managing the day-
to-day business of the swap dealer or major swap participant.
  ‘‘(3) DISCLOSURE OF GENERAL INFORMATION.—The swap
dealer or major swap participant shall disclose to the Commis-
sion and to the prudential regulator for the swap dealer or
major swap participant, as applicable, information concerning—
    ‘‘(A) terms and conditions of its swaps;
    ‘‘(B) swap trading operations, mechanisms, and prac-
tices;
    ‘‘(C) financial integrity protections relating to swaps;
and
    ‘‘(D) other information relevant to its trading in swaps.
  ‘‘(4) ABILITY TO OBTAIN INFORMATION.—The swap dealer
or major swap participant shall—
    ‘‘(A) establish and enforce internal systems and proce-
dures to obtain any necessary information to perform any
of the functions described in this section; and
    ‘‘(B) provide the information to the Commission and
to the prudential regulator for the swap dealer or major
swap participant, as applicable, on request.