PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010
124 STAT. 2003

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director and the Bureau may not exercise any rulemaking, supervisory, enforcement, or other authority, including authority to order penalties, over any activities related to the solicitation or making of voluntary contributions to a tax-exempt organization as recognized by the Internal Revenue Service, by any agent, volunteer, or representative of such organizations to the extent the organization, agent, volunteer, or representative thereof is soliciting or providing advice, information, education, or instruction to a donor or potential donor relating to a contribution to the organization.
(2) LIMITATION.—The exclusion in paragraph (1) does not apply to other activities not described in paragraph (1) that are the offering or provision of any consumer financial product or service, or are otherwise subject to any enumerated consumer law or any law for which authorities are transferred under subtitle F or H.
(m) INSURANCE.—The Bureau may not define as a financial product or service, by regulation or otherwise, engaging in the business of insurance.
(n) LIMITED AUTHORITY OF THE BUREAU.—Notwithstanding subsections (a) through (h) and (l), a person subject to or described in one or more of such provisions—
(1) may be a service provider; and
(2) may be subject to requests from, or requirements imposed by, the Bureau regarding information in order to carry out the responsibilities and functions of the Bureau and in accordance with section 1022, 1052, or 1053.
(o) NO AUTHORITY TO IMPOSE USURY LIMIT.—No provision of this title shall be construed as conferring authority on the Bureau to establish a usury limit applicable to an extension of credit offered or made by a covered person to a consumer, unless explicitly authorized by law.
(p) ATTORNEY GENERAL.—No provision of this title, including section 1024(c)(1), shall affect the authorities of the Attorney General under otherwise applicable provisions of law.
(q) SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.—No provision of this title shall affect the authorities of the Secretary, including with respect to prescribing rules, initiating enforcement proceedings, or taking other actions with respect to a person that performs income tax preparation activities for consumers.
(r) DEPOSIT INSURANCE AND SHARE INSURANCE.—Nothing in this title shall affect the authority of the Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the National Credit Union Administration Board under the Federal Credit Union Act as to matters related to deposit insurance and share insurance, respectively.
(s) FAIR HOUSING ACT.—No provision of this title shall be construed as affecting any authority arising under the Fair Housing Act.

SEC. 1028. AUTHORITY TO RESTRICT MANDATORY PRE-DISPUTE ARBITRATION.
(a) STUDY AND REPORT.—The Bureau shall conduct a study of, and shall provide a report to Congress concerning, the use of agreements providing for arbitration of any future dispute
12 USC 5518.