124 STAT. 1528            PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

SEC. 319. CONTRACTING AND LEASING AUTHORITY.

    Notwithstanding the Federal Property and Administrative
Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 251 et seq.) or any other provision
of law (except the full and open competition requirements of the
Competition in Contracting Act), the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency may—
        (1) enter into and perform contracts, execute instruments,
        and acquire real property (or property interest) as the Comp-
        troller deems necessary to carry out the duties and responsibil-
        ities of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; and
        (2) hold, maintain, sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of the
        property (or property interest) acquired under paragraph (1).

                 Subtitle B—Transitional Provisions

SEC. 321. INTERIM USE OF FUNDS, PERSONNEL, AND PROPERTY OF
            THE OFFICE OF THRIFT SUPERVISION.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Before the transfer date, the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, the Corporation, and the Board of
Governors shall—
        (1) consult and cooperate with the Office of Thrift Super-
        vision to facilitate the orderly transfer of functions to the Office
        of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Corporation, and the
        Board of Governors in accordance with this title;
        (2) determine jointly, from time to time—
                (A) the amount of funds necessary to pay any expenses
                associated with the transfer of functions (including
                expenses for personnel, property, and administrative serv-
                ices) during the period beginning on the date of enactment
                of this Act and ending on the transfer date;
                (B) which personnel are appropriate to facilitate the
                orderly transfer of functions by this title; and
                (C) what property and administrative services are nec-
                essary to support the Office of the Comptroller of the
                Currency, the Corporation, and the Board of Governors
                during the period beginning on the date of enactment of
                this Act and ending on the transfer date; and
        (3) take such actions as may be necessary to provide for
        the orderly implementation of this title.
(b) AGENCY CONSULTATION.—When requested jointly by the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Corporation, and
the Board of Governors to do so before the transfer date, the
Office of Thrift Supervision shall—
        (1) pay to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
        the Corporation, or the Board of Governors, as applicable, from
        funds obtained by the Office of Thrift Supervision through
        assessments, fees, or other charges that the Office of Thrift
        Supervision is authorized by law to impose, such amounts
        as the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Corpora-
        tion, and the Board of Governors jointly determine to be nec-
        essary under subsection (a);
        (2) detail to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
        the Corporation, or the Board of Governors, as applicable, such
        personnel as the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
        the Corporation, and the Board of Governors jointly determine
        to be appropriate under subsection (a); and