124 STAT. 1750          PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors, swap counterparties, and security-based swap counterparties. 
               (b) In order to promote effective and consistent global regulation 
Contracts.        of contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery and options
                     on such contracts, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
                     shall consult and coordinate with foreign regulatory authorities
                     on the establishment of consistent international standards with 
                     respect to the regulation of contracts of sale of a commodity for 
                     future delivery and options on such contracts, and may agree to 
                     such information-sharing arrangements as may be deemed nec-
                     essary or appropriate in the public interest for the protection of 
                     users of contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery.


          SEC. 753. ANTI-MANIPULATION AUTHORITY.
                        (a) PROHIBITION REGARDING MANIPULATION AND FALSE
         INFORMATION .—Subsection (c) of section 6 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 9, 15) is amended to read as follows :
                           ‘‘(c) PROHIBITION REGARDING MANIPULATION AND FALSE
         INFORMATION .—
                           ‘‘(1) PROHIBITION AGAINST MANIPULATION .—It shall be
         unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, to use or employ, 
         or attempt to use or employ, in connection with any swap, 
  Regulations,  or a contract of sale of any commodity in interstate commerce,
         Deadline                or for future delivery on or subject to the rules of any registered
                                                         entity, any manipulative or deceptive device or contrivance,
                                                         in contravention of such rules and regulations as the Commis-
                                                         sion shall promulgate by not later than 1 year after the date 
                                                         of enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-
                                                         sumer Protection Act, provided no rule or regulation promul-
                                                         gated by the Commission shall require any person to disclose 
                                                         to another person nonpublic information that may be material 
                                                         to the market price, rate, or level of the commodity transaction,
                                                         except as necessary to make any statement made to the other 
                                                         person in or in connection with the transaction not misleading 
                                                         in any material respect.
                                                                            ‘‘(A) SPECIAL PROVISION FOR MANIPULATION BY FALSE
                                                                            REPORTING .—Unlawful manipulation for purposes of this
                                                                            paragraph shall include, but not be limited to, delivering,
                                                                            or causing to be delivered for transmission through the 
                                                                            mails or interstate commerce, by any means of communica-
                                                                            tion whatsoever, a false or misleading or inaccurate report 
                                                                            concerning crop or market information or conditions that 
                                                                            affect or tend to affect the price of any commodity in 
                                                                            interstate commerce, knowing, or acting in reckless dis-
                                                                            regard of the fact that such report is false, misleading 
                                                                            or inaccurate.
                                                                             ‘‘(B) EFFECT ON OTHER LAW .—Nothing in this para-
                                                                            graph shall affect, or be construed to affect, the applicability 
                                                                            of section 9(a)(2).
                                                                             ‘‘(C) GOOD FAITH MISTAKES .—Mistakenly transmitting,
                                                                            in good faith, false or misleading or inaccurate information 
                                                                            to a price reporting service would not be sufficient to violate 
                                                                            subsection (c)(1)(A).
                           ‘‘(2) PROHIBITION REGARDING FALSE INFORMATION .—It shall
        be unlawful for any person to make any false or misleading statement of a material fact to the Commission, including in
        any registration application or any report filed with the