PUBLIC LAW 111—203—JULY 21, 2010
                                                                      124 STAT. 1681

     ‘‘(i) SWAPS REQUIRED TO BE CLEARED.—With 
respect to any swap that is subject to the mandatory 
clearing requirement under this subsection and entered 
into by a swap dealer or a major swap participant 
with a counterparty that is not a swap dealer, major 
swap participant, security-based swap dealer, or major 
security-based swap participant, the counterparty shall 
have the sole right to select the derivatives clearing 
organization at which the swap will be cleared.
     ‘‘(ii) SWAPS NOT REQUIRED TO BE CLEARED.—With 
respect to any swap that is not subject to the manda- 
tory clearing requirement under this subsection and 
entered into by a swap dealer or a major swap partici- 
pant with a counterparty that is not a swap dealer, 
major swap participant, security-based swap dealer, 
or major security-based swap participant, the 
counterparty—
     ‘‘(I) may elect to require clearing of the swap;
and
     ‘‘(II) shall have the sole right to select the 
derivatives clearing organization at which the 
swap will be cleared.
     ‘‘(F) ABUSE OF EXCEPTION.—The Commission may pre- 
scribe such rules or issue interpretations of the rules as 
the Commission determines to be necessary to prevent 
abuse of the exceptions described in this paragraph. The 
Commission may also request information from those per- 
sons claiming the clearing exception as necessary to prevent 
abuse of the exceptions described in this paragraph.
     ‘‘(8) TRADE EXECUTION.—
     ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—With respect to transactions 
involving swaps subject to the clearing requirement of para- 
graph (1), counterparties shall—
     ‘‘(i) execute the transaction on a board of trade 
designated as a contract market under section 5; or
     ‘‘(ii) execute the transaction on a swap execution 
facility registered under 5h or a swap execution facility 
that is exempt from registration under section 5h(f)
of this Act.
     ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION.—The requirements of clauses (i) and 
(ii) of subparagraph (A) shall not apply if no board of 
trade or swap execution facility makes the swap available 
to trade or for swap transactions subject to the clearing 
exception under paragraph (7).’’.
     (b) COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT.—Section 2 of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2) is amended by adding at the end the 
following:
     ‘‘(j) COMMITTEE APPROVAL BY BOARD.—Exemptions from the 
requirements of subsection (h)(1) to clear a swap and subsection 
(h)(8) to execute a swap through a board of trade or swap execution 
facility shall be available to a counterparty that is an issuer of 
securities that are registered under section 12 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l) or that is required to file 
reports pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o) only if an appropriate committee of the 
issuer’s board or governing body has reviewed and approved its 
decision to enter into swaps that are subject to such exemptions.’’.