PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1941

(H) any other options the Comptroller General deems appropriate.
(c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 15 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to Congress on the results of the study conducted under subsection (b).
(d) ACCESS BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL.—For purposes of conducting the study required under subsection (b), the Comptroller General shall have access, upon request, to any information, data, schedules, books, accounts, financial records, reports, files, electronic communications, or other papers, things, or property belonging to or in use by a covered entity that engages in proprietary trading, and to the officers, directors, employees, independent public accountants, financial advisors, staff, and agents and representatives of a covered entity (as related to the activities of the agent or representative on behalf of the covered entity), at such reasonable times as the Comptroller General may request. The Comptroller General may make and retain copies of books, records, accounts, and other records, as the Comptroller General deems appropriate.
(e) CONFIDENTIALITY OF REPORTS.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Comptroller General may not disclose information regarding—
(A) any proprietary trading activity of a covered entity, unless such information is disclosed at a level of generality that does not reveal the investment or trading positions or strategy of the covered entity for any specific security, commodity, derivative, or other investment or financial product; or
(B) any individual interviewed by the Comptroller General for purposes of the study under subsection (b), unless such information is disclosed at a level of generality that does not reveal—
(i) the name of or identifying details relating to such individual; or
(ii) in the case of an individual who is an employee of a third party that provides professional services to a covered entity believed to be engaged in proprietary trading, the name of or any identifying details relating to such third party.
(2) EXCEPTIONS.—The Comptroller General may disclose the information described in paragraph (1)—
(A) to a department, agency, or official of the Federal Government, for official use, upon request;
(B) to a committee of Congress, upon request; and
(C) to a court, upon an order of such court.

SEC. 989A. SENIOR INVESTOR PROTECTIONS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—As used in this section—
(1) the term “eligible entity” means—
(A) a securities commission (or any agency or office performing like functions) of a State that the Office determines has adopted rules on the appropriate use of designations in the offer or sale of securities or the provision of investment advice that meet or exceed the minimum requirements of the NASAA Model Rule on the Use of