124 STAT. 1420

PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

(B) WORKPLACE FLEXIBILITY PLAN.—The Office shall submit a workforce flexibility plan that includes, to the extent practicable—
(i) telework;
(ii) flexible work schedules;
(iii) phased retirement;
(iv) reemployed annuitants;
(v) part-time work;
(vi) job sharing;
(vii) parental leave benefits and childcare assistance;
(viii) domestic partner benefits;
(ix) other workplace flexibilities; or
(x) any combination of the items described in clauses (i) through (ix).
(C) RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION PLAN.—The Office shall submit a recruitment and retention plan that includes, to the extent practicable, provisions relating to—
(i) the steps necessary to target highly qualified applicant pools with diverse backgrounds;
(ii) streamlined employment application processes;
(iii) the provision of timely notification of the status of employment applications to applicants; and
(iv) the collection of information to measure indicators of hiring effectiveness.
(c) EXPIRATION.—The reporting requirement under subsection (b) shall terminate 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act.
(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect—
(1) a collective bargaining agreement, as that term is defined in section 7103(a)(8) of title 5, United States Code, that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; or
(2) the rights of employees under chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code.

Subtitle C—Additional Board of Governors Authority for Certain Nonbank Financial Companies and Bank Holding Companies

12 USC 5361.

SEC. 161. REPORTS BY AND EXAMINATIONS OF NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANIES BY THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS.

(a) REPORTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Board of Governors may require each nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors, and any subsidiary thereof, to submit reports under oath, to keep the Board of Governors informed as to—
(A) the financial condition of the company or subsidiary, systems of the company or subsidiary for monitoring and controlling financial, operating, and other risks, and the extent to which the activities and operations of the company or subsidiary pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States; and
(B) compliance by the company or subsidiary with the requirements of this title.