PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010 124 STAT. 2175

“(a) PREPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION.—The Director of the
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (hereafter in this section
referred to as the ‘Director’) shall prepare, at least once every
5 years, a booklet to help consumers applying for federally related
mortgage loans to understand the nature and costs of real estate
settlement services. The Director shall prepare the booklet in various languages and cultural styles, as the Director determines to
be appropriate, so that the booklet is understandable and accessible
to homebuyers of different ethnic and cultural backgrounds. The
Director shall distribute such booklets to all lenders that make
federally related mortgage loans. The Director shall also distribute
to such lenders lists, organized by location, of homeownership counselors certified under section 106(e) of the Housing and Urban
Development Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x(e)) for use in complying
with the requirement under subsection (c) of this section.
“(b) CONTENTS.—Each booklet shall be in such form and detail
as the Director shall prescribe and, in addition to such other
information as the Director may provide, shall include in plain
and understandable language the following information:
“(1) A description and explanation of the nature and purpose of each cost incident to a real estate settlement or a
federally related mortgage loan. The description and explanation shall provide general information about the mortgage
process as well as specific information concerning, at a minimum—
‘‘(A) balloon payments;
‘‘(B) prepayment penalties;
‘‘(C) the advantages of prepayment; and
‘‘(D) the trade-off between closing costs and the interest rate over the life of the loan.
“(2) An explanation and sample of the uniform settlement
statement required by section 4.
‘‘(3) A list and explanation of lending practices, including
those prohibited by the Truth in Lending Act or other applicable
Federal law, and of other unfair practices and unreasonable
or unnecessary charges to be avoided by the prospective buyer
with respect to a real estate settlement.
‘‘(4) A list and explanation of questions a consumer
obtaining a federally related mortgage loan should ask
regarding the loan, including whether the consumer will have
the ability to repay the loan, whether the consumer sufficiently
shopped for the loan, whether the loan terms include prepayment penalties or balloon payments, and whether the loan
will benefit the borrower.
‘‘(5) An explanation of the right of rescission as to certain
transactions provided by sections 125 and 129 of the Truth
in Lending Act.
“(6) A brief explanation of the nature of a variable rate
mortgage and a reference to the booklet entitled ‘Consumer
Handbook on Adjustable Rate Mortgages’, published by the
Director, or to any suitable substitute of such booklet that
the Director may subsequently adopt pursuant to such section.
“(7) A brief explanation of the nature of a home equity
line of credit and a reference to the pamphlet required to
be provided under section 127A of the Truth in Lending Act.
“(8) Information about homeownership counseling services
made available pursuant to section 106(a)(4) of the Housing