124 STAT. 2202         PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(ii) whether existing Federal financial institutions 
regulatory agency exemptions on appraisals for feder-
ally related transactions needs to be revised; and
(iii) whether new means of data collection, such 
	as the establishment of a national repository, would 
	benefit the Appraisal Subcommittee’s ability to perform 
	its functions; and
(B) recommendations from this examination for 
administrative and legislative action at the Federal and 
State level.

Subtitle G—Mortgage Resolution and 
	Modification

SEC. 1481. MULTIFAMILY MORTGAGE RESOLUTION PROGRAM.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development shall develop a program under this subsection to 
ensure the protection of current and future tenants and at-risk 
multifamily properties, where feasible, based on criteria that may 
include—
(1) creating sustainable financing of such properties, that 
may take into consideration such factors as—
(A) the rental income generated by such properties; 
	and 
(B) the preservation of adequate operating reserves;
(2) maintaining the level of Federal, State, and city sub-
sidies in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act;
(3) providing funds for rehabilitation; and 
(4) facilitating the transfer of such properties, when appro-
priate and with the agreement of owners, to responsible new 
owners and ensuring affordability of such properties.
(b) COORDINATION.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development may, in carrying out the program developed under 
this section, coordinate with the Secretary of the Treasury, the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Housing Finance 
Agency, and any other Federal Government agency that the Sec-
retary considers appropriate.
(c) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘multi-
family properties’’ means a residential structure that consists of 
5 or more dwelling units.
(d) PREVENTION OF QUALIFICATION FOR CRIMINAL APPLICANTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—No person shall be eligible to begin 
receiving assistance from the Making Home Affordable Program 
authorized under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act 
of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5201 et seq.), or any other mortgage assist-
ance program authorized or funded by that Act, on or after 
60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, if such 
person, in connection with a mortgage or real estate transaction, 
has been convicted, within the last 10 years, of any one of 
the following:
(A) Felony larceny, theft, fraud, or forgery.
(B) Money laundering.
(C) Tax evasion.
(2) PROCEDURES.—The Secretary shall establish procedures 
to ensure compliance with this subsection.