124 STAT. 1530			PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

confidential, policy-making, policy-determining, or policy-advocating character.
		(4)	ADDITIONAL APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Corporation may appoint transferred employees to positions in the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Corporation, respectively.
	(b)	TIMING OF TRANSFERS AND POSITION ASSIGNMENTS.—Each employee to be transferred under subsection (a)(1) shall—
		(1)	be transferred not later than 90 days after the transfer date; and
		(2)	receive notice of the position assignment of the employee not later than 120 days after the effective date of the transfer of the employee.
	(c)	TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS.—
		(1)	IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the transfer of employees under this subtitle shall be deemed a transfer of functions for the purpose of section 3503 of title 5, United States Code.
		(2)	PRIORITY.—If any provision of this subtitle conflicts with any protection provided to a transferred employee under section 3503 of title 5, United States Code, the provisions of this subtitle shall control.
	(d)	EMPLOYEE STATUS AND ELIGIBILITY.—The transfer of functions and employees under this subtitle, and the abolishment of the Office of Thrift Supervision under section 313, shall not affect the status of the transferred employees as employees of an agency of the United States under any provision of law.
	(e)	EQUAL STATUS AND TENURE POSITIONS.—
		(1)	STATUS AND TENURE.—Each transferred employee from the Office of Thrift Supervision shall be placed in a position at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Corporation with the same status and tenure as the transferred employee held on the day before the date on which the employee was transferred.
		(2)	FUNCTIONS.—To the extent practicable, each transferred employee shall be placed in a position at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Corporation, as applicable, responsible for the same functions and duties as the transferred employee had on the day before the date on which the employee was transferred, in accordance with the expertise and preferences of the transferred employee.
	(f)	NO ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS.—An examiner who is a transferred employee shall not be subject to any additional certification requirements before being placed in a comparable position at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Corporation, if the examiner carries out examinations of the same type of institutions as an employee of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Corporation as the employee was responsible for carrying out before the date on which the employee was transferred.
	(g)	PERSONNEL ACTIONS LIMITED.—
		(1)	PROTECTION.—
			(A)	IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each affected employee shall not, during the 30-month period beginning on the transfer date, be involuntarily