124 STAT. 1632          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

section 3 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
78c), which for the purposes of this section shall include a synthetic
asset-backed security), shall not, at any time for a period ending
on the date that is one year after the date of the first closing
of the sale of the asset-backed security, engage in any transaction
that would involve or result in any material conflict of interest 
with respect to any investor in a transaction arising out of such
activity.
    ‘‘(b) RULEMAKING.—Not later than 270 days after the date 
of enactment of this section, the Commission shall issue rules 
for the purpose of implementing subsection (a).
    ‘‘(c) EXCEPTION.—The prohibitions of subsection (a) shall not 
apply to—
        ‘‘(1) risk-mitigating hedging activities in connection with 
    positions or holdings arising out of the underwriting, placement,
    initial purchase, or sponsorship of an asset-backed security, 
    provided that such activities are designed to reduce the specific 
    risks to the underwriter, placement agent, initial purchaser,
    or sponsor associated with positions or holdings arising out 
    of such underwriting, placement, initial purchase, or sponsor-
    ship; or
        ‘‘(2) purchases or sales of asset-backed securities made 
    pursuant to and consistent with—
            ‘‘(A) commitments of the underwriter, placement agent, 
        initial purchaser, or sponsor, or any affiliate or subsidiary 
        of any such entity, to provide liquidity for the asset-backed 
        security, or
            ‘‘(B) bona fide market-making in the asset backed secu-
rity.
    ‘‘(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—This subsection shall not other-
wise limit the application of section 15G of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934.’’.
    (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 27B of the Securities Act of 1933, 
as added by this section, shall take effect on the effective date 
of final rules issued by the Commission under subsection (b) of 
such section 27B, except that subsections (b) and (d) of such section 
27B shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.
    SEC. 622. CONCENTRATION LIMITS ON LARGE FINANCIAL FIRMS. 
The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841 et 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following:


‘‘SEC. 14. CONCENTRATION LIMITS ON LARGE FINANCIAL FIRMS.
12 USC 1852.
    ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section—
        ‘‘(1) the term ‘Council’ means the Financial Stability Over-
    sight Council;
        ‘‘(2) the term ‘financial company’ means—
            ‘‘(A) an insured depository institution;
            ‘‘(B) a bank holding company;
            ‘‘(C) a savings and loan holding company;
            ‘‘(D) a company that controls an insured depository 
        institution;
            ‘‘(E) a nonbank financial company supervised by the 
        Board under title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
        and Consumer Protection Act; and
            ‘‘(F) a foreign bank or company that is treated as 
        a bank holding company for purposes of this Act; and
        ‘‘(3) the term ‘liabilities’ means—