PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(A) TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS.—The authority of the Federal Trade Commission under an enumerated consumer law to prescribe rules, issue guidelines, or conduct a study or issue a report mandated under such law shall be transferred to the Bureau on the designated transfer date. Nothing in this title shall be construed to require a mandatory transfer of any employee of the Federal Trade Commission.
(B) BUREAU AUTHORITY.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau shall have all powers and duties under the enumerated consumer laws to prescribe rules, issue guidelines, or to conduct studies or issue reports mandated by such laws, that were vested in the Federal Trade Commission on the day before the designated transfer date.
(ii) FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION ACT.—Subject to subtitle B, the Bureau may enforce a rule prescribed under the Federal Trade Commission Act by the Federal Trade Commission with respect to an unfair or deceptive act or practice to the extent that such rule applies to a covered person or service provider with respect to the offering or provision of a consumer financial product or service as if it were a rule prescribed under section 1031 of this title.
(C) AUTHORITY OF THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—No provision of this title shall be construed as modifying, limiting, or otherwise affecting the authority of the Federal Trade Commission (including its authority with respect to affiliates described in section 1025(a)(1)) under the Federal Trade Commission Act or any other law, other than the authority under an enumerated consumer law to prescribe rules, issue official guidelines, or conduct a study or issue a report mandated under such law.
(ii) COMMISSION AUTHORITY RELATING TO RULES PRESCRIBED BY THE BUREAU.—Subject to subtitle B, the Federal Trade Commission shall have authority to enforce under the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) a rule prescribed by the Bureau under this title with respect to a covered person subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade Commission under that Act, and a violation of such a rule by such a person shall be treated as a violation of a rule issued under section 18 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 57a) with respect to unfair or deceptive acts or practices.
(D) COORDINATION.—To avoid duplication of or conflict between rules prescribed by the Bureau under section 1031 of this title and the Federal Trade Commission under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act that apply to a covered person or service provider with respect to the offering or provision of consumer financial products or services, the agencies shall negotiate an agreement with respect to rulemaking by each agency, including consultation with the other agency prior to proposing a rule and during the comment period.