124 STAT. 2164     PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

        "(g) OFFICE OF HOUSING COUNSELING.—
             "(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established, in the Depart-
        ment, the Office of Housing Counseling.
             "(2) DIRECTOR.—There is established the position of
        Director of Housing Counseling. The Director shall be the head
        of the Office of Housing Counseling and shall be appointed
        by, and shall report to, the Secretary. Such position shall be
        a career-reserved position in the Senior Executive Service.
             "(3) FUNCTIONS.—
                  "(A) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall have primary
        responsibility within the Department for all activities and
        matters relating to homeownership counseling and rental
        housing counseling, including—
                       "(i) research, grant administration, public out-
        reach, and policy development relating to such coun-
        seling; and
                       "(ii) establishment, coordination, and administra-
        tion of all regulations, requirements, standards, and
        performance measures under programs and laws
        administered by the Department that relate to housing
        counseling, homeownership counseling (including
        maintenance of homes), mortgage-related counseling
        (including home equity conversion mortgages) and
        credit protection options to avoid foreclosure), and
        rental housing counseling, including the requirements,
        standards, and performance measures relating to
        housing counseling.
                   "(B) SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS.—The Director shall carry out
        the functions assigned to the Director and the Office under
        this section and any other provisions of law. Such functions
        shall include establishing rules necessary for—
                       "(i) the counseling procedures under section
        106(g)(1) of the Housing and Urban Development Act
        of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x(h)(1));
                       "(ii) carrying out all other functions of the Sec-
        retary under section 106(g) of the Housing and Urban
        Development Act of 1968, including the establishment,
        operation, and publication of the availability of the
        toll-free telephone number under paragraph (2) of such
        section;
                       "(iii) contributing to the distribution of home
        buying information booklets pursuant to section 5 of
        the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974
        (12 U.S.C. 2604);
                       "(iv) carrying out the certification program under
        section 106(e) of the Housing and Urban Development
        Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x(e));
                       "(v) carrying out the assistance program under
        section 106(a)(4) of the Housing and Urban Develop-
        ment Act of 1968, including criteria for selection of
        applications to receive assistance;
                       "(vi) carrying out any functions regarding abusive,
        deceptive, or unscrupulous lending practices relating
        to residential mortgage loans that the Secretary con-
        siders appropriate, which shall include conducting the
        study under section 6 of the Expand and Preserve
        Home Ownership Through Counseling Act;