PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010 
if a hearing is not requested in such 30-day period, the 
preliminary order shall be deemed a final order that is 
not subject to judicial review. 
(3) GROUNDS FOR DETERMINATION OF COMPLAINTS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Labor shall dismiss 
a complaint filed under this subsection, and shall not con- 
duct an investigation otherwise required under paragraph 
(2), unless the complainant makes a prima facie showing 
that any behavior described in paragraphs (1) through 
(4) of subsection (a) was a contributing factor in the 
unfavorable personnel action alleged in the complaint. 

(B) REBUTTAL EVIDENCE.—Notwithstanding a finding 
by the Secretary of Labor that the complainant has made 
the showing required under subparagraph (A), no investiga- 
tion otherwise required under paragraph (2) shall be con- 
ducted, if the employer demonstrates, by clear and con- 
vincing evidence, that the employer would have taken the 
same unfavorable personnel action in the absence of that 
behavior. 
(C) EVIDENTIARY STANDARDS.—The Secretary of Labor 
may determine that a violation of subsection (a) has 
occurred only if the complainant demonstrates that any 
behavior described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub- 
section (a) was a contributing factor in the unfavorable 
personnel action alleged in the complaint. Relief may not 
be ordered under subparagraph (A) if the employer dem- 
onstrates by clear and convincing evidence that the 
employer would have taken the same unfavorable personnel 
action in the absence of that behavior. 
(4) ISSUANCE OF FINAL ORDERS; REVIEW PROCEDURES.— 
(A) TIMING.—Not later than 120 days after the date 
of conclusion of any hearing under paragraph (2), the Sec- 
retary of Labor shall issue a final order providing the 
relief prescribed by this paragraph or denying the com- 
plaint. At any time before issuance of a final order, a 
proceeding under this subsection may be terminated on 
the basis of a settlement agreement entered into by the 
Secretary of Labor, the complainant, and the person alleged 
to have committed the violation. 
(B) PENALTIES.— 
(i) ORDER OF SECRETARY OF LABOR.—If, in response 
to a complaint filed under paragraph (1), the Secretary 
of Labor determines that a violation of subsection (a) 
has occurred, the Secretary of Labor shall order the 
person who committed such violation— 
(I) to take affirmative action to abate the viola- 
tion; 
(II) to reinstate the complainant to his or her 
former position, together with compensation 
(including back pay) and restore the terms, condi- 
tions, and privileges associated with his or her 
employment; and 
(III) to provide compensatory damages to the 
complainant. 
(ii) PENALTY.—If an order is issued under clause 
(i), the Secretary of Labor, at the request of the complainant, shall assess against the person against 
Assessment. 
124 STAT. 2033