124 STAT. 1414             PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

    (3) COMPARABILITY.—Section 1206(a) of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1833b(a)) is amended—
        (A) by striking ‘‘Finance Board,’’ and inserting ‘‘Finance Board, the Office of Financial Research, and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; and
        (B) by striking ‘‘and the Office of Thrift Supervision,’’.

    (4) SENIOR EXECUTIVES.—Section 3132(a)(1)(D) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and the National Credit Union Administration;’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Credit Union Administration, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and the Office of Financial Research;’’.
(e) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.—Any department or agency of the United States may provide to the Office such special advisory, technical, or professional committees appointed by the Office, such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services as the Office may determine advisable. Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Office without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege.
(f) PROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTERMITTENT SERVICES.—The Director may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals which do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for Level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title.

Regulations.
(g) POST-EMPLOYMENT PROHIBITIONS.—The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, shall issue regulations prohibiting the Director and any employee of the Office who has had access to the transaction or position data maintained by the Data Center or other business confidential information about financial entities required to report to the Office from being employed by or providing advice or consulting services to a financial company, for a period of 1 year after last having had access in the course of official duties to such transaction or position data or business confidential information, regardless of whether that entity is required to report to the Office. For employees whose access to business confidential information was limited, the regulations may provide, on a case-by-case basis, for a shorter period of post-employment prohibition, provided that the shorter period does not compromise business confidential information.
(h) TECHNICAL AND PROFESSIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEES.—The Office, in consultation with the Chairperson, may appoint such special advisory, technical, or professional committees as may be useful in carrying out the functions of the Office, and the members of such committees may be staff of the Office, or other persons, or both.
(i) FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM.—The Office, in consultation with the Chairperson, may establish and maintain an academic and professional fellowship program, under which qualified academics and professionals shall be invited to spend not longer than 2 years at the Office, to perform research and to provide advanced training for Office personnel.
(j) EXECUTIVE SCHEDULE COMPENSATION.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item:
        ‘‘Director of the Office of Financial Research.’’.