124 STAT. 1636                    PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and

                ‘‘(B) the term ‘home State’ means—
                        ‘‘(i) with respect to a national bank, the State in which the main office of the bank is located;
                        ‘‘(ii) with respect to a State bank or State savings association, the State by which the savings association is chartered;
                        ‘‘(iii) with respect to a Federal savings association, the State in which the home office (as defined by the regulations of the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, or, on and after the transfer date, the Comptroller of the Currency of the Federal savings association is located; and
                        ‘‘(iv) with respect to a savings and loan holding company, the State in which the amount of total deposits of all insured depository institution subsidiaries of such company was the greatest on the date on which the company became a savings and loan holding company.’’.

SEC. 624. QUALIFIED THRIFT LENDERS.

    Section 10(m)(3) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(m)(3)) is amended—
       (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following:
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A savings association that fails to become or remain a qualified thrift lender shall immediately be subject to the restrictions under subparagraph (B).’’; and 
       (2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking subclause (III) and inserting the following:
            ‘‘(III) DIVIDENDS.—The savings association may not pay dividends, except for dividends that—
                  ‘‘(aa) would be permissible for a national bank;
                  ‘‘(bb) are necessary to meet obligations of a company that controls such savings association; and
                  ‘‘(cc) are specifically approved by the Comptroller of the Currency and the Board after a written request submitted to the Comptroller of the Currency and the Board by the savings association not later than 30 days before the date of the proposed payment.
            ‘‘(IV) REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—A savings association that fails to become or remain a qualified thrift lender shall be deemed to have violated section 5 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1464) and subject to actions authorized by section 5(d) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1464(d)).’’.

SEC. 625. TREATMENT OF DIVIDENDS BY CERTAIN MUTUAL HOLDING 
                  COMPANIES.

    (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 10(o) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(o) is amended by adding at the end the following: