PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010 124 STAT. 2165

‘‘(vii) providing for operation of the advisory com-
mittee established under paragraph (4) of this sub-
section;
‘‘(viii) collaborating with community-based 
organizations with expertise in the field of housing 
counseling; and
‘‘(ix) providing for the building of capacity to pro-
vide housing counseling services in areas that lack 
sufficient services, including underdeveloped areas that 
lack basic water and sewer systems, electricity services, 
and safe, sanitary housing.
‘‘(4) ADVISORY COMMITTEE.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall appoint an 
advisory committee to provide advice regarding the car-
rying out of the functions of the Director.
‘‘(B) MEMBERS.—Such advisory committee shall consist 
of not more than 12 individuals, and the membership of 
the committee shall equally represent the mortgage and 
real estate industry, including consumers and housing 
counseling agencies certified by the Secretary.
‘‘(C) TERMS.—Except as provided in subparagraph (D), 
each member of the advisory committee shall be appointed 
for a term of 3 years. Members may be reappointed at 
the discretion of the Secretary.
‘‘(D) TERMS OF INITIAL APPOINTEES.—As designated by 
the Secretary at the time of appointment, of the members 
first appointed to the advisory committee, 4 shall be 
appointed for a term of 1 year and 4 shall be appointed 
for a term of 2 years.
‘‘(E) PROHIBITION OF PAY; TRAVEL EXPENSES.—Members 
of the advisory committee shall serve without pay, but 
shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu 
of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions 
under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States 
Code.
‘‘(F) ADVISORY ROLE ONLY.—The advisory committee 
shall have no role in reviewing or awarding housing coun-
seling grants.
‘‘(5) SCOPE OF HOMEOWNERSHIP COUNSELING.—In carrying 
out the responsibilities of the Director, the Director shall ensure 
that homeownership counseling provided by, in connection with, 
or pursuant to any function, activity, or program of the Depart-
ment addresses the entire process of homeownership, including 
the decision to purchase a home, the selection and purchase 
of a home, issues arising during or affecting the period of 
ownership of a home (including refinancing, default and fore-
closure, and other financial decisions), and the sale or other 
disposition of a home.’’.

SEC. 1443. COUNSELING PROCEDURES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 106 of the Housing and Urban 
Development Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x) is amended by adding 
at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(g) PROCEDURES AND ACTIVITIES.—
‘‘(1) COUNSELING PROCEDURES.—