124 STAT. 1900           PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

it may) be paid or become payable to or on behalf of such
executive officer.
            ‘‘(2) SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL.—Any proxy or consent or
      authorization relating to the proxy or consent solicitation mate-
      rial containing the disclosure required by paragraph (1) shall
      include a separate resolution subject to shareholder vote to
      approve such agreements or understandings and compensation
      as disclosed, unless such agreements or understandings have
      been subject to a shareholder vote under subsection (a).
      ‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—The shareholder vote referred
to in subsections (a) and (b) shall not be binding on the issuer
or the board of directors of an issuer, and may not be construed—
            ‘‘(1) as overruling a decision by such issuer or board of
      directors;
            ‘‘(2) to create or imply any change to the fiduciary duties
      of such issuer or board of directors;
            ‘‘(3) to create or imply any additional fiduciary duties for
      such issuer or board of directors; or
            ‘‘(4) to restrict or limit the ability of shareholders to make
      proposals for inclusion in proxy materials related to executive
      compensation.
      Reports.                           ‘‘(d) DISCLOSURE OF VOTES.—Every institutional investment
      Deadline. manager subject to section 13(f) shall report at least annually
      how it voted on any shareholder vote pursuant to subsections (a)
      and (b), unless such vote is otherwise required to be reported
      publicly by rule or regulation of the Commission.
      ‘‘(e) EXEMPTION.—The Commission may, by rule or order,
exempt an issuer or class of issuers from the requirement under
subsection (a) or (b). In determining whether to make an exemption
under this subsection, the Commission shall take into account,
among other considerations, whether the requirements under sub-
sections (a) and (b) disproportionately burdens small issuers.’’.

SEC. 952. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INDEPENDENCE.
      (a) IN GENERAL.—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. 78 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 10B, as
added by section 753, the following:
      ‘‘SEC. 10C. COMPENSATION COMMITTEES.
            ‘‘(a) INDEPENDENCE OF COMPENSATION COMMITTEES.—
                  ‘‘(1) LISTING STANDARDS.—The Commission shall, by rule,
            direct the national securities exchanges and national securities
            associations to prohibit the listing of any equity security of
            an issuer, other than an issuer that is a controlled company,
            limited partnership, company in bankruptcy proceedings, open-
            ended management investment company that is registered
            under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or a foreign private
            issuer that provides annual disclosures to shareholders of the
            reasons that the foreign private issuer does not have an inde-
            pendent compensation committee, that does not comply with
            the requirements of this subsection.
15 USC 78j–3.               ‘‘(2) INDEPENDENCE OF COMPENSATION COMMITTEES.—The
Regulations.      rules of the Commission under paragraph (1) shall require
            that each member of the compensation committee of the board
            of directors of an issuer be—
                        ‘‘(A) a member of the board of directors of the issuer;
                  and
                        ‘‘(B) independent.