124 STAT. 2170         PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

percentage of low-income minority communities’
if such area contains a higher-than-normal
percentage of residents who are both minorities
and low-income, as defined by the Director of
Housing Counseling.
“(5) EDUCATION PROGRAMS.—The Secretary shall provide
advice and technical assistance to States, units of general local
government, and nonprofit organizations regarding the
establishment and operation of, including assistance with the
development of content and materials for, educational programs
to inform and educate consumers, particularly those most
vulnerable with respect to residential mortgage loans (such
as elderly persons, persons facing language barriers, low-income
persons, minorities, and other potentially vulnerable con-
sumers), regarding home mortgages, mortgage refinancing,
home equity loans, home repair loans, and where appropriate
by region, any requirements and costs associated with obtaining
flood or other disaster-specific insurance coverage.”.
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO GRANT PROGRAM FOR HOME- 
OWNERSHIP COUNSELING ORGANIZATIONS.—Section 106(c)(5)(A)(ii) of
the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 
1701x(c)(5)(A)(ii)) is amended—
(1) in subclause (III), by striking “and” at the end;
(2) in subclause (IV) by striking the period at the end
and inserting “; and”; and
(3) by inserting after subclause (IV) the following new 
subclause:
“(V) notify the housing or mortgage applicant
of the availability of mortgage software systems
provided pursuant to subsection (g)(3).”.

SEC. 1444. GRANTS FOR HOUSING COUNSELING ASSISTANCE.
Section 106(a) of the Housing and Urban Development Act
of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x(a)) is amended by adding at the end
the following new paragraph:
“(4) HOMEOWNERSHIP AND RENTAL COUNSELING ASSISTANCE.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall make financial
assistance available under this paragraph to HUD-approved
housing counseling agencies and State housing finance agen-
cies.
“(B) QUALIFIED ENTITIES.—The Secretary shall establish
standards and guidelines for eligibility of organizations
(including governmental and nonprofit organizations) to receive
assistance under this paragraph, in accordance with subpara-
graph (D).
“(C) DISTRIBUTION.—Assistance made available under this
paragraph shall be distributed in a manner that encourages
efficient and successful counseling programs and that ensures
adequate distribution of amounts for rural areas having
traditionally low levels of access to such counseling services,
including areas with insufficient access to the Internet. In
distributing such assistance, the Secretary may give priority 
consideration to entities serving areas with the highest home 
foreclosure rates.
“(D) LIMITATION ON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE.— 
“(i) IN GENERAL.—None of the amounts made available
under this paragraph shall be distributed to—