124 STAT. 1778           PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

shall, for the purposes of this subsection, by rules and regulations define, and prescribe means reasonably designed to prevent, such transactions, acts, practices, and courses of business as are fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative, and such quotations as are fictitious.’’.

15 USC 78j–2.              (h) POSITION LIMITS AND POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY FOR
                           SECURITY-BASED SWAPS.—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is
                           amended by inserting after section 10A (15 U.S.C. 78j–1) the fol-
                           lowing:

Fraud.
Regulations.              ‘‘SEC. 10B. POSITION LIMITS AND POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY FOR
                               SECURITY-BASED SWAPS AND LARGE TRADER REPORTING.

                               ‘‘(a) POSITION LIMITS.—As a means reasonably designed to pre-
                           vent fraud and manipulation, the Commission shall, by rule or regulation, as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors, establish limits (including related hedge exemption provisions) on the size of positions in any security- based swap that may be held by any person. In establishing such limits, the Commission may require any person to aggregate posi- tions in—
                                     ‘‘(1) any security-based swap and any security or loan or
                               group of securities or loans on which such security-based swap
                               references, or to which
                               such security-based swap is related as described in paragraph
                               (68) of section 3(a), and any other instrument relating to such
                               security or loan or group or index of securities or loans;
                                     ‘‘(2) any security-based swap and—
                                            ‘‘(A) any security or group or index of securities, the
                                      price, yield, value, or volatility of which, or of which any
                                      interest therein, is the basis for a material term of such
                                      security-based swap as described in paragraph (68) of
                                      section 3(a); and
                                            ‘‘(B) any other instrument relating to the same security
                                      or group or index of securities described under subpara-
                                      graph (A).

                               ‘‘(b) EXEMPTIONS.—The Commission, by rule, regulation, or
                           order, may conditionally or unconditionally exempt any person or
                           class of persons, any security-based swap or class of security-based
                           swaps, or any transaction or class of transactions from any require-
                           ment the Commission may establish under this section with respect
                           to position limits.
                               ‘‘(c) SRO RULES.—
                                     ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—As a means reasonably designed to pre-
                               vent fraud or manipulation, the Commission, by rule, regula-
                               tion, or order, as necessary or appropriate in the public interest,
                               for the protection of investors, or otherwise in furtherance
                               of the purposes of this title, may direct a self-regulatory
                               organization—
                                            ‘‘(A) to adopt rules regarding the size of positions in
                                      any security-based swap that may be held by—
                                                 ‘‘(i) any member of such self-regulatory organiza-
                                            tion; or
                                                 ‘‘(ii) any person for whom a member of such self-
                                            regulatory organization effects transactions in such
                                            security-based swap; and