124 STAT. 1866      PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

“(A) IN GENERAL.—Records of persons having custody or use of the securities, deposits, or credits of a registered investment company that relate to such custody or use, 
are subject at any time, or from time to time, to such reasonable periodic, special, or other examinations and other information and document requests by representatives of the Commission, as the Commission deems necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors.
“(B) CERTAIN PERSONS SUBJECT TO OTHER REGULA-
TION.—Any person that is subject to regulation and exam-
ination by a Federal financial institution regulatory agency 
(as such term is defined under section 212(c)(2) of title 
18, United States Code) may satisfy any examination
request, information request, or document request
described under subparagraph (A), by providing to the
Commission a detailed listing, in writing, of the securities, 
deposits, or credits of the registered investment company
within the custody or use of such person.”.
(b) INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940 AMENDMENT.—Section
204 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–4)
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
“(d) RECORDS OF PERSONS WITH CUSTODY OR USE.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Records of persons having custody or 
use of the securities, deposits, or credits of a client, that relate 
to such custody or use, are subject at any time, or from time 
to time, to such reasonable periodic, special, or other examina-
tions and other information and document requests by repre-
sentatives of the Commission, as the Commission deems nec-
essary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection 
of investors.
“(2) CERTAIN PERSONS SUBJECT TO OTHER REGULATION.—
Any person that is subject to regulation and examination by 
a Federal financial institution regulatory agency (as such term 
is defined under section 212(c)(2) of title 18, United States 
Code) may satisfy any examination request, information 
request, or document request described under paragraph (1), 
by providing the Commission with a detailed listing, in writing,
of the securities, deposits, or credits of the client within the 
custody or use of such person.”.
SEC. 929R. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP AND SHORT-SWING PROFIT
REPORTING.
(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING.—Section 13 of the Secu-
rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) is amended—
(1) in subsection (d)(1)—
(A) by inserting after “within ten days after such acquisition” the following: “or within such shorter time
as the Commission may establish by rule”; and
(B) by striking “send to the issuer of the security
at its principal executive office, by registered or certified 
mail, send to each exchange where the security is traded, 
and”; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)—
(A) by striking “in the statements to the issuer and 
the exchange, and”; and