PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010
124 STAT. 1891

‘‘(vi) a security that the Commission, by rule, determines to be an asset-backed security for purposes of this section; and
‘‘(B) does not include a security issued by a finance subsidiary held by the parent company or a company controlled by the parent company, if none of the securities issued by the finance subsidiary are held by an entity that is not controlled by the parent company.’’.
(b) CREDIT RISK RETENTION.—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 
15F, as added by this Act, the following:

‘‘SEC. 15G. CREDIT RISK RETENTION.
‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section—
‘‘(1) the term ‘Federal banking agencies’ means the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
‘‘(2) the term ‘insured depository institution’ has the same 
meaning as in section 3(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(c));
‘‘(3) the term ‘securitizer’ means—
‘‘(A) an issuer of an asset-backed security; or
‘‘(B) a person who organizes and initiates an assetbacked securities transaction by selling or transferring assets, either directly or indirectly, including through an affiliate, to the issuer; and
‘‘(4) the term ‘originator’ means a person who—
‘‘(A) through the extension of credit or otherwise, creates a financial asset that collateralizes an asset-backed security; and
‘‘(B) sells an asset directly or indirectly to a securitizer.
‘‘(b) REGULATIONS REQUIRED.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days after the date 
of enactment of this section, the Federal banking agencies 
and the Commission shall jointly prescribe regulations to 
require any securitizer to retain an economic interest in a 
portion of the credit risk for any asset that the securitizer, 
through the issuance of an asset-backed security, transfers, 
sells, or conveys to a third party.
‘‘(2) RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGES.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Federal 
banking agencies, the Commission, the Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development, and the Federal Housing Finance 
Agency, shall jointly prescribe regulations to require any 
securitizer to retain an economic interest in a portion of the 
credit risk for any residential mortgage asset that the 
securitizer, through the issuance of an asset-backed security, 
transfers, sells, or conveys to a third party.
‘‘(c) STANDARDS FOR REGULATIONS.—
‘‘(1) STANDARDS.—The regulations prescribed under subsection (b) shall—
‘‘(A) prohibit a securitizer from directly or indirectly 
hedging or otherwise transferring the credit risk that the 
securitizer is required to retain with respect to an asset;
‘‘(B) require a securitizer to retain—