PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010 124 STAT. 1389

(iv) any derivatives clearing organization registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), with respect to the activities of the derivatives clearing organization that require the derivatives clearing organization to be registered under that Act;
(v) any board of trade designated as a contract market by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.);
(vi) any futures association registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.);
(vii) any retail foreign exchange dealer registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), with respect to the activities of the retail foreign exchange dealer that require the retail foreign exchange dealer to be registered under that Act;
(viii) any swap execution facility, swap data repository, swap dealer, or major swap participant registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.) with respect to the swap activities of the person that require such person to be registered under that Act; and
(ix) any registered entity under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), with respect to the activities of the registered entity that require the registered entity to be registered under that Act;
(D) the State insurance authority of the State in which an insurance company is domiciled, with respect to the insurance activities and activities that are incidental to such insurance activities of an insurance company that is subject to supervision by the State insurance authority under State insurance law; and
(E) the Federal Housing Finance Agency, with respect to Federal Home Loan Banks or the Federal Home Loan Bank System, and with respect to the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
(13) PRUDENTIAL STANDARDS.—The term “prudential standards” means enhanced supervision and regulatory standards developed by the Board of Governors under section 165.
(14) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Treasury.
(15) SECURITIES TERMS.—The—
(A) terms “broker”, “dealer”, “issuer”, “nationally recognized statistical rating organization”, “security”, and “securities laws” have the same meanings as in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c);
(B) term “investment adviser” has the same meaning as in section 202 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2); and
(C) term “investment company” has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3).