PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1781

(A) IN GENERAL.—In accordance with subparagraph 
(B), the Commission shall issue a written report on a 
semiannual and annual basis to make available to the 
public information relating to— 
‘(i) the trading and clearing in the major security-based swap categories; and 
‘(ii) the market participants and developments in new products. 
‘(B) USE; CONSULTATION.—In preparing a report under 
subparagraph (A), the Commission shall— 
‘(i) use information from security-based swap data 
repositories and clearing agencies; and 
‘(ii) consult with the Office of the Comptroller 
of the Currency, the Bank for International Settlements, and such other regulatory bodies as may be 
necessary. 
‘(C) AUTHORITY OF COMMISSION.—The Commission 
may, by rule, regulation, or order, delegate the public 
reporting responsibilities of the Commission under this 
paragraph in accordance with such terms and conditions 
as the Commission determines to be appropriate and in 
the public interest. 
‘‘(n) SECURITY-BASED SWAP DATA REPOSITORIES.— 
‘‘(1) REGISTRATION REQUIREMENT.—It shall be unlawful for 
any person, unless registered with the Commission, directly 
or indirectly, to make use of the mails or any means or 
instrumentality of interstate commerce to perform the functions of a security-based swap data repository. 
‘‘(2) INSPECTION AND EXAMINATION.—Each registered security-based swap data repository shall be subject to inspection 
and examination by any representative of the Commission. 
‘‘(3) COMPLIANCE WITH CORE PRINCIPLES.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—To be registered, and maintain registration, as a security-based swap data repository, the 
security-based swap data repository shall comply with— 
‘‘(i) the requirements and core principles described 
in this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) any requirement that the Commission may 
impose by rule or regulation. 
‘‘(B) REASONABLE DISCRETION OF SECURITY-BASED SWAP 
DATA REPOSITORY.—Unless otherwise determined by the 
Commission, by rule or regulation, a security-based swap 
data repository described in subparagraph (A) shall have 
reasonable discretion in establishing the manner in which 
the security-based swap data repository complies with the 
core principles described in this subsection. 
‘‘(4) STANDARD SETTING.— 
‘‘(A) DATA IDENTIFICATION.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—In accordance with clause (ii), 
the Commission shall prescribe standards that specify 
the data elements for each security-based swap that 
shall be collected and maintained by each registered 
security-based swap data repository. 
‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENT.—In carrying out clause (i), the 
Commission shall prescribe consistent data element 
standards applicable to registered entities and 
reporting counterparties.