124 STAT. 1624          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

the provisions of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C.
2001 et seq.), and obligations of any State or of any political
subdivision thereof.
    ‘‘(B) The purchase, sale, acquisition, or disposition of
securities and other instruments described in subsection
(h)(4) in connection with underwriting or market-making-
related activities, to the extent that any such activities
permitted by this subparagraph are designed not to exceed
the reasonably expected near term demands of clients,
customers, or counterparties.
    ‘‘(C) Risk-mitigating hedging activities in connection
with and related to individual or aggregated positions,
contracts, or other holdings of a banking entity that are
designed to reduce the specific risks to the banking entity
in connection with and related to such positions, contracts,
or other holdings.
    ‘‘(D) The purchase, sale, acquisition, or disposition of
securities and other instruments described in subsection
(h)(4) on behalf of customers.
    ‘‘(E) Investments in one or more small business invest-
ment companies, as defined in section 102 of the Small
Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 662), invest-
ments designed primarily to promote the public welfare,
of the type permitted under paragraph (11) of section 5136
of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C.
24), or investments that are qualified rehabilitation
expenditures with respect to a qualified rehabilitated
building or certified historic structure, as such terms are
defined in section 47 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986 or a similar State historic tax credit program.
    ‘‘(F) The purchase, sale, acquisition, or disposition of
securities and other instruments described in subsection
(h)(4) by a regulated insurance company directly engaged
in the business of insurance for the general account of
the company and by any affiliate of such regulated insur-
ance company, provided that such activities by any affiliate
are solely for the general account of the regulated insurance
company, if—
        ‘‘(i) the purchase, sale, acquisition, or disposition
    is conducted in compliance with, and subject to, the
    insurance company investment laws, regulations, and
    written guidance of the State or jurisdiction in which
    each such insurance company is domiciled; and
        ‘‘(ii) the appropriate Federal banking agencies,
    after consultation with the Financial Stability Over-
    sight Council and the relevant insurance commis-
    sioners of the States and territories of the United
    States, have not jointly determined, after notice and
    comment, that a particular law, regulation, or written
    guidance described in clause (i) is insufficient to protect
    the safety and soundness of the banking entity, or
    of the financial stability of the United States.
    ‘‘(G) Organizing and offering a private equity or hedge
fund, including serving as a general partner, managing
member, or trustee of the fund and in any manner selecting
or controlling (or having employees, officers, directors, or
agents who constitute) a majority of the directors, trustees,