PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

completing with a request for information from any other Federal
department or agency requesting the information for purposes
within the scope of jurisdiction of that department or agency, or
complying with an order of a court of the United States in an
action brought by the United States or the Commission. For pur-
poses of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, this subsection
shall be considered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of
such section 552. Collection of information pursuant to section
204 shall be an administrative action involving an agency against
specific individuals or agencies pursuant to section 3518(c)(1) of
title 44, United States Code.".

SEC. 929J. EXPANSION OF AUDIT INFORMATION TO BE PRODUCED
        AND EXCHANGED.

Section 106 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7216)
is amended—
        (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following:
"(b) PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS.—
        "(1) PRODUCTION BY FOREIGN FIRMS.—If a foreign public
        accounting firm performs material services upon which a reg-
        istered public accounting firm relies in the conduct of an audit
        or interim review, issues an audit report, performs audit work,
        or conducts interim reviews, the foreign public accounting firm
        shall—
                "(A) produce the audit work papers of the foreign public
                accounting firm and all other documents of the firm related
                to any such audit work or interim review to the Commission
                or the Board, upon request of the Commission or the Board;
                and
                "(B) be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
                United States for purposes of enforcement of any request
                for such documents.
        "(2) OTHER PRODUCTION.—Any registered public accounting
        firm that relies, in whole or in part, on the work of a foreign
        public accounting firm in issuing an audit report, performing
        audit work, or conducting an interim review, shall—
                "(A) produce the audit work papers of the foreign public
                accounting firm and all other documents related to any
                such work in response to a request for production by the
                Commission or the Board; and
                "(B) secure the agreement of any foreign public
                accounting firm to such production, as a condition of the
                reliance by the registered public accounting firm on the
                work of that foreign public accounting firm.";
        (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (g); and
        (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following:
        "(d) SERVICE OF REQUESTS OR PROCESS.—
                "(1) IN GENERAL.—Any foreign public accounting firm that
                performs work for a domestic registered public accounting firm
                shall furnish to the domestic registered public accounting firm
                a written irrevocable consent and power of attorney that des-
                ignates the domestic registered public accounting firm as an
                agent upon whom may be served any request by the Commis-
                sion or the Board under this section or upon whom may be
                served any process, pleadings, or other papers in any action
                brought to enforce this section.
                 
124 STAT. 1859