124 STAT. 1858              PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(3) by inserting after subsection (d) the following:
“(e) RECORDS OBTAINED FROM REGISTERED PERSONS.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsection (f),
the Commission shall not be compelled to disclose records or information obtained pursuant to section 17(b), or records or information based upon or derived from such records or information, if such records or information have been obtained by the Commission for use in furtherance of the purposes of this title, including surveillance, risk assessments, or other regulatory and oversight activities.
“(2) TREATMENT OF INFORMATION.—For purposes of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, this subsection shall be considered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section 552. Collection of information pursuant to section 17 shall be an administrative action involving an agency against specific individuals or agencies pursuant to section 3518(c)(1) of title 44, United States Code.”.
(b) INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940.—Section 31 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-30) is amended—
(1) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following:
“(c) LIMITATIONS ON DISCLOSURE BY COMMISSION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Commission shall not be compelled to disclose any records or information provided to the Commission under this section, or records or information based upon or derived from such records or information, if such records or information have been obtained by the Commission for use in furtherance of the purposes of this title, including surveillance, risk assessments, or other regulatory and oversight activities. Nothing in this subsection authorizes the Commission to withhold information from the Congress or prevent the Commission from complying with a request for information from any other Federal department or agency requesting the information for purposes within the scope of jurisdiction of that department or agency, or complying with an order of a court of the United States in an action brought by the United States or the Commission. For purposes of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, this subsection shall be considered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section 552. Collection of information pursuant to section 31 shall be an administrative action involving an agency against specific individuals or agencies pursuant to section 3518(c)(1) of title 44, United States Code.”;
(2) by striking subsection (d); and
(3) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively.
(c) INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940.—Section 210 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b-10) is amended by adding at the end the following:
“(d) LIMITATIONS ON DISCLOSURE BY THE COMMISSION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Commission shall not be compelled to disclose any records or information provided to the Commission under section 204, or records or information based upon or derived from such records or information, if such records or information have been obtained by the Commission for use in furtherance of the purposes of this title, including surveillance, risk assessments, or other regulatory and oversight activities. Nothing in this subsection authorizes the Commission to withhold information from the Congress or prevent the Commission from