PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010 124 STAT. 1813

(i) the date that the Supervisory Agency receives
the notice of proposed change; or
(ii) the date the Supervisory Agency receives any
further information it requests for consideration of the 
notice.
(H) REVIEW EXTENSION FOR NOVEL OR COMPLEX
ISSUES.—The Supervisory Agency may, during the 60-day
review period, extend the review period for an additional 
60 days for proposed changes that raise novel or complex
issues, subject to the Supervisory Agency providing the 
designated financial market utility with prompt written 
notice of the extension. Any extension under this subpara- 
graph will extend the time periods under subparagraphs 
(E) and (G).
(I) CHANGE ALLOWED EARLIER IF NOTIFIED OF NO OBJEC-
TION.—A designated financial market utility may imple-
ment a change in less than 60 days from the date of
receipt of the notice of proposed change by the Supervisory
Agency, or the date the Supervisory Agency receives any
further information it requested, if the Supervisory Agency
notifies the designated financial market utility in writing 
that it does not object to the proposed change and author-
izes the designated financial market utility to implement
the change on an earlier date, subject to any conditions
imposed by the Supervisory Agency.
(2) EMERGENCY CHANGES.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—A designated financial market utility
may implement a change that would otherwise require
advance notice under this subsection if it determines that—
(i) an emergency exists; and
(ii) immediate implementation of the change is
necessary for the designated financial market utility
to continue to provide its services in a safe and sound
manner.
(B) NOTICE REQUIRED WITHIN 24 HOURS.—The des-
ignated financial market utility shall provide notice of any
such emergency change to its Supervisory Agency, as soon 
as practicable, which shall be no later than 24 hours after
implementation of the change.
(C) CONTENTS OF EMERGENCY NOTICE.—In addition to
the information required for changes requiring advance
notice, the notice of an emergency change shall describe—
(i) the nature of the emergency; and
(ii) the reason the change was necessary for the
designated financial market utility to continue to pro-
vide its services in a safe and sound manner.
(D) MODIFICATION OR RESCISSION OF CHANGE MAY BE
REQUIRED.—The Supervisory Agency may require modifica-
tion or rescission of the change if it finds that the change
is not consistent with the purposes of this Act or any
applicable rules, orders, or standards prescribed under sec-
tion 805(a).
(3) COPYING THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS.—The Supervisory
Agency shall provide the Board of Governors concurrently with
a complete copy of any notice, request, or other information
it issues, submits, or receives under this subsection.