124 STAT. 1924           PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

provided by issuers of municipal securities, with the amount
of and frequency of disclosures that issuers of corporate securi
ties provide for the benefit of corporate securities holders,
taking into account the differences between issuers of municipal
securities and issuers of corporate securities;
(3) evaluate the costs and benefits to various types of
issuers of municipal securities of requiring issuers of municipal
bonds to provide additional financial disclosures for the benefit
of investors;
(4) evaluate the potential benefit to investors from addi
tional financial disclosures by issuers of municipal bonds; and
(5) make recommendations relating to disclosure require
ments for municipal issuers, including the advisability of the
repeal or retention of section 15B(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–4(d)) (commonly known as the
‘‘Tower Amendment’’).
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 24 months after the date of enact
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States
shall submit a report to Congress on the results of the study
conducted under subsection (a), including recommendations for how
to improve disclosure by issuers of municipal securities.
 SEC. 977. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE STUDY ON THE
                           MUNICIPAL SECURITIES MARKETS.
 (a) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall
 conduct a study of the municipal securities markets.
 (b) REPORT.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enact
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States
 shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and
 Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Financial Serv
 ices of the House of Representatives, with copies to the Special
 Committee on Aging of the Senate and the Commission, on the
 results of the study conducted under subsection (a), including—
 (1) an analysis of the mechanisms for trading, quality
   of trade executions, market transparency, trade reporting, price
   discovery, settlement clearing, and credit enhancements;
 (2) the needs of the markets and investors and the impact
   of recent innovations;
 (3) recommendations for how to improve the transparency,
   efficiency, fairness, and liquidity of trading in the municipal
   securities markets, including with reference to items listed
   in paragraph (1); and
 (4) potential uses of derivatives in the municipal securities
   markets.
 (c) RESPONSES.—Not later than 180 days after receipt of the
 report required under subsection (b), the Commission shall submit
 a response to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban
 Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Financial Services
 of the House of Representatives, with a copy to the Special Com
 mittee on Aging of the Senate, stating the actions the Commission
 has taken in response to the recommendations contained in such
 report.
SEC. 978. FUNDING FOR GOVERNMENTAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD.
   (a) AMENDMENT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.—Section 19
of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77s), as amended by section
912, is further amended by adding at the end the following: