PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010      124 STAT. 1993

(II) may, through counsel, employees, or representatives, appear before the governing panel in person or by telephone; and 
(ii) the governing panel— 
(I) may request the insured depository institution, insured credit union, or other covered person described in subsection (a), the Bureau, or the prudential regulator to produce additional information relevant to the appeal; and 
(II) by a majority vote of its members, shall provide a final determination, in writing, not later than 30 days after the date of filing of an informationally complete appeal, or such longer period as the panel and the insured depository institution, insured credit union, or other covered person described in subsection (a) may jointly agree. 

(D) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF DETERMINATIONS.—A governing panel shall publish all information contained in a determination by the governing panel, with appropriate redactions of information that would be subject to an exemption from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code.

(E) PROHIBITION AGAINST RETALIATION.—The Bureau and the prudential regulators shall prescribe rules to provide safeguards from retaliation against the insured depository institution, insured credit union, or other covered person described in subsection (a) instituting an appeal under this paragraph, as well as their officers and employees.

(F) LIMITATION.—The process provided in this paragraph shall not apply to a determination by a prudential regulator to appoint a conservator or receiver for an insured depository institution or a liquidating agent for an insured credit union, as the case may be, or a decision to take action pursuant to section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831o) or section 212 of the Federal Credit Union Act (112 U.S.C. 1790a), as applicable.

(G) EFFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY.—Nothing in this section shall modify or limit the authority of the Bureau to interpret, or take enforcement action under, any Federal consumer financial law, or the authority of a prudential regulator to interpret or take enforcement action under any other provision of Federal law for safety and soundness purposes.

SEC. 1026. OTHER BANKS, SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS, AND CREDIT UNIONS. 
(a) SCOPE OF COVERAGE—This section shall apply to any covered person that is—
        (1) an insured depository institution with total assets of $10,000,000,000 or less; or 
        (2) an insured credit union with total assets of $10,000,000,000 or less. 

(b) REPORTS—The Director may require reports from a person described in subsection (a), as necessary to support the role of the Bureau in implementing Federal consumer financial law, to