PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010                                                                      124 STAT. 1523

“(D) any agency or commercial lending company other than a Federal agency;
“(E) supervisory or regulatory proceedings arising from the authority given to the Board of Governors under section 7(c)(1) of the International Banking Act of 1978, including such proceedings under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act of 1966;
“(F) any bank holding company and any subsidiary (other than a depository institution) of a bank holding company; and
“(G) any savings and loan holding company and any subsidiary (other than a depository institution) of a savings and loan holding company;”; and
(2) in paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (u), by striking “(other than a bank holding company” and inserting “(other 
than a bank holding company or savings and loan holding company”.
(d) Consumer Protection.—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit or otherwise affect the transfer of powers under title X.

Sec. 313. Abolishment.
Effective 90 days after the transfer date, the Office of Thrift Supervision and the position of Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision are abolished.

Sec. 314. Amendments to the Revised Statutes.
(a) Amendment to Section 324.—Section 324 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 1) is amended to read as follows:
“Sec. 324. Comptroller of the Currency.
“(a) Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Established.—There is established in the Department of the Treasury a bureau to be known as the ‘Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’ which is charged with assuring the safety and soundness of, and compliance with laws and regulations, fair access to financial services, and fair treatment of customers by, the institutions and other persons subject to its jurisdiction.
“(b) Comptroller of the Currency.—
“(1) In General.—The chief officer of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency shall be known as the Comptroller of the Currency. The Comptroller of the Currency shall perform the duties of the Comptroller of the Currency under the general direction of the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury may not delay or prevent the issuance of any rule or the promulgation of any regulation by the Comptroller of the Currency, and may not intervene in any matter or proceeding before the Comptroller of the Currency (including agency enforcement actions), unless otherwise specifically provided by law.
“(2) Additional Authority.—The Comptroller of the Currency shall have the same authority with respect to functions transferred to the Comptroller of the Currency under the Enhancing Financial Institution Safety and Soundness Act of 2010 as was vested in the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision on the transfer date, as defined in section 311 of that Act.”.