124 STAT. 2024            PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

witness to inspection of the official transcript of his testi- mony.
    (H) WITNESS FEES.—Any witness appearing for the taking of oral testimony pursuant to a civil investigative demand shall be entitled to the same fees and mileage which are paid to witnesses in the district courts of the United States.
(d) CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT OF DEMAND MATERIAL.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Documentary materials and tangible things received as a result of a civil investigative demand shall be subject to requirements and procedures regarding con- fidentiality, in accordance with rules established by the Bureau.
    (2) DISCLOSURE TO CONGRESS.—No rule established by the Bureau regarding the confidentiality of materials submitted to, or otherwise obtained by, the Bureau shall be intended to prevent disclosure to either House of Congress or to an appropriate committee of the Congress, except that the Bureau is permitted to adopt rules allowing prior notice to any party that owns or otherwise provided the material to the Bureau and had designated such material as confidential.
(e) PETITION FOR ENFORCEMENT.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Whenever any person fails to comply with any civil investigative demand duly served upon him under this section, or whenever satisfactory copying or repro- duction of material requested pursuant to the demand cannot be accomplished and such person refuses to surrender such material, the Bureau, through such officer or attorney as it may designate, may file, in the district court of the United States for any judicial district in which such person resides, is found, or transacts business, and serve upon such person, a petition for an order of such court for the enforcement of this section.
        (2) SERVICE OF PROCESS.—All process of any court to which application may be made as provided in this subsection may be served in any judicial district.
(f) PETITION FOR ORDER MODIFYING OR SETTING ASIDE DEMAND.—
      (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 20 days after the service Deadline.
of any civil investigative demand upon any person under sub- section (b), or at any time before the return date specified in the demand, whichever period is shorter, or within such period exceeding 20 days after service or in excess of such return date as may be prescribed in writing, subsequent to service, by any Bureau investigator named in the demand, such person may file with the Bureau a petition for an order by the Bureau modifying or setting aside the demand.
      (2) COMPLIANCE DURING PENDENCY.—The time permitted for compliance with the demand in whole or in part, as deter- mined proper and ordered by the Bureau, shall not run during the pendency of a petition under paragraph (1) at the Bureau, except that such person shall comply with any portions of the demand not sought to be modified or set aside.
      (3) SPECIFIC GROUNDS.—A petition under paragraph (1) shall specify each ground upon which the petitioner relies in seeking relief, and may be based upon any failure of the demand to comply with the provisions of this section, or upon any constitutional or other legal right or privilege of such person.