124 STAT. 1800            PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

“(1) IN GENERAL.—No person permitted to maintain a suit
for damages under the provisions of this title shall recover,
through satisfaction of judgment in 1 or more actions, a total
amount in excess of the actual damages to that person on
account of the act complained of. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this title, nothing in this title shall affect
the jurisdiction of the securities commission (or any agency
or officer performing like functions) of any State over any
security or any person insofar as it does not conflict with
the provisions of this title or the rules and regulations under
this title.

“(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Except as provided in subsection (f), the rights and remedies provided by this title shall
be in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that
may exist at law or in equity.
“(3) STATE BUCKET SHOP LAWS.—No State law which prohibits or regulates the making or promoting of wagering or
gaming contracts, or the operation of ‘bucket shops’ or other
similar or related activities, shall invalidate—
“(A) any put, call, straddle, option, privilege, or other
security subject to this title (except any security that has
a pari-mutuel payout or otherwise is determined by the
Commission, acting by rule, regulation, or order, to be
appropriately subject to such laws), or to apply to any activity
which is incidental or related to the offer, purchase, sale,
exercise, settlement, or closeout of any such security;
“(B) any security-based swap between eligible contract
participants; or
“(C) any security-based swap effected on a national
securities exchange registered pursuant to section 6(b).
“(4) OTHER STATE PROVISIONS.—No provision of State law
regarding the offer, sale, or distribution of securities shall apply
to any transaction in a security-based swap or a security futures
product, except that this paragraph may not be construed as
limiting any State antifraud law of general applicability. A
security-based swap may not be regulated as an insurance
contract under any provision of State law.”.

SEC. 768. AMENDMENTS TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933; TREATMENT
OF SECURITY-BASED SWAPS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
(15 U.S.C. 77b(a)) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting “security-based swap,”
after “security future,”;
(2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following:
“Any offer or sale of a security-based swap by or on behalf
of the issuer of the securities upon which such security-based
swap is based or is referenced, an affiliate of the issuer, or
an underwriter, shall constitute a contract for sale of, sale
of, offer for sale, or offer to sell such securities.”; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
“(17) The terms ‘swap’ and ‘security-based swap’ have the
same meanings as in section 1a of the Commodity Exchange
Act (7 U.S.C. 1a).
“(18) The terms ‘purchase’ or ‘sale’ of a security-based swap
shall be deemed to mean the execution, termination (prior
to its scheduled maturity date), assignment, exchange, or