PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010
124 STAT. 1387

(3) BOARD OF GOVERNORS.—The term “Board of Governors” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
(4) BUREAU.—The term “Bureau” means the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection established under title X.
(5) COMMISSION.—The term “Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, except in the context of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
(6) COMMODITY FUTURES TERMS.—The terms “futures commission merchant,” “swap”, “swap dealer”, “swap execution facility”, “derivatives clearing organization”, “board of trade”, “commodity trading advisor”, “commodity pool”, and “commodity pool operator” have the same meanings as given the terms in section 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). 
(7) CORPORATION.—The term “Corporation” means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
(8) COUNCIL.—The term “Council” means the Financial Stability Oversight Council established under title I.
(9) CREDIT UNION.—The term “credit union” means a Federal credit union, State credit union, or State-chartered credit union, as those terms are defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752).
(10) FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY.—The term—
(A) “Federal banking agency” means, individually, the Board of Governors, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Corporation; and
(B) “Federal banking agencies” means all of the agencies referred to in subparagraph (A), collectively.
(11) FUNCTIONALLY REGULATED SUBSIDIARY.—The term ‘‘functionally regulated subsidiary’’ has the same meaning as in section 5(c)(5) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1844(c)(5)). 
(12) PRIMARY FINANCIAL REGULATORY AGENCY.—The term ‘‘primary financial regulatory agency’’ means—
(A) the appropriate Federal banking agency, with respect to institutions described in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, except to the extent that an institution is or the activities of an institution are otherwise described in subparagraph (B), (C), (D), or (E);
(B) the Securities and Exchange Commission, with respect to—
(i) any broker or dealer that is registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, with respect to the activities of the broker or dealer that require the broker or dealer to be registered under that Act;
(ii) any investment company that is registered with the Commission under the Investment Company Act of 1940, with respect to the activities of the investment company that require the investment company to be registered under that Act;
(iii) any investment adviser that is registered with the Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, with respect to the investment advisory activities of such company and activities that are incidental to such advisory activities;