PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

notifying the Attorney General concerning any action, suit, or proceeding to which the Bureau is a party, except an action, suit, or proceeding that involves the offering or provision of consumer financial products or services.
(B) COORDINATION.—In order to avoid conflicts and promote consistency regarding litigation of matters under Federal law, the Attorney General and the Bureau shall consult regarding the coordination of investigations and proceedings, including by negotiating an agreement for coordination by not later than 180 days after the designated transfer date. The agreement under this subparagraph shall include provisions to ensure that parallel investigations and proceedings involving the Federal consumer financial laws are conducted in a manner that avoids conflicts and does not impede the ability of the Attorney General to prosecute violations of Federal criminal laws.
(C) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the authority of the Bureau under this title, including the authority to interpret Federal consumer financial law.
(e) APPEARANCE BEFORE THE SUPREME COURT.—The Bureau 
may represent itself in its own name before the Supreme Court of the United States, provided that the Bureau makes a written request to the Attorney General within the 10-day period which begins on the date of entry of the judgment that would permit any party to file a petition for writ of certiorari, and the Attorney General concurs with such request or fails to take action within 60 days of the request of the Bureau.
(f) FORUM.—Any civil action brought under this title may be brought in a United States district court or in any court of competent jurisdiction of a state in a district in which the defendant is located or resides or is doing business, and such court shall have jurisdiction to enjoin such person and to require compliance with any Federal consumer financial law.
(g) TIME FOR BRINGING ACTION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise permitted by law or equity, no action may be brought under this title more than 3 years after the date of discovery of the violation to which an action relates.
(2) LIMITATIONS UNDER OTHER FEDERAL LAWS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—An action arising under this title does not include claims arising solely under enumerated consumer laws. 
(B) BUREAU AUTHORITY.—In any action arising solely under an enumerated consumer law, the Bureau may commence, defend, or intervene in the action in accordance with the requirements of that provision of law, as applicable.
(C) TRANSFERRED AUTHORITY.—In any action arising solely under laws for which authorities were transferred under subtitles F and H, the Bureau may commence, defend, or intervene in the action in accordance with the requirements of that provision of law, as applicable.

SEC. 1055. RELIEF AVAILABLE.

12 USC 5565.

(a) ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS OR COURT ACTIONS.—