124 STAT. 1464             PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

                                               the ability of the Corporation to avoid or mitigate
                                               serious adverse effects on financial stability or eco-
                                               nomic conditions in the United States.
                                       (ii) TRANSFER OF PROPERTY.—SIPC, as trustee for
                                               the liquidation of the covered broker or dealer, and
                                               the Commission shall provide any and all reasonable
                                               assistance necessary to complete such transfers by the
                                               Corporation.
                                      (iii) CUSTOMER CONSENT AND COURT APPROVAL NOT
                                               REQUIRED.—Neither customer consent nor court
                                               approval shall be required to transfer any customer
                                               accounts or associated customer name securities or
                                               customer property to a bridge financial company in
                                               accordance with this section.
                                      (iv) NOTIFICATION OF SIPC AND SHARING OF
                                               INFORMATION.—The Corporation shall identify to SIPC
                                               the customer accounts and associated customer name
                                               securities and customer property transferred to the
                                               bridge financial company. The Corporation and SIPC
                                               shall cooperate in the sharing of any information nec-
                                               essary for each entity to discharge its obligations under
                                               this title and under the Securities Investor Protection
                                               Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78aaa et seq.) including by
                                               providing access to the books and records of the covered
                                               financial company and any bridge financial company
                                               established in accordance with this title.
 Reports.                       (2) DETERMINATION OF CLAIMS.—
                                      (A) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation, as receiver for a
                                               covered financial company, shall report on claims, as set
                                               forth in section 203(c)(3). Subject to paragraph (4) of this
                                               subsection, the Corporation, as receiver for a covered finan-
                                               cial company, shall determine claims in accordance with
                                               the requirements of this subsection and regulations pre-
                                               scribed under section 209.
Publication.                (B) NOTICE REQUIREMENTS.—The Corporation, as
Deadlines.                           receiver for a covered financial company, in any case
                                              involving the liquidation or winding up of the affairs of
                                              a covered financial company, shall—
                                             (i) promptly publish a notice to the creditors of
                                                    the covered financial company to present their claims,
                                                   together with proof, to the receiver by a date specified
                                                   in the notice, which shall be not earlier than 90 days
                                                   after the date of publication of such notice; and
                                            (ii) republish such notice 1 month and 2 months,
                                                   respectively, after the date of publication under clause
                                                   (i).
                                    (C) MAILING REQUIRED.—The Corporation as receiver
                                              shall mail a notice similar to the notice published under
                                              clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B), at the time of such
                                              publication, to any creditor shown on the books and records
                                              of the covered financial company—
                                             (i) at the last address of the creditor appearing
                                                   in such books;
                                            (ii) in any claim filed by the claimant; or
                                           (iii) upon discovery of the name and address of
                                                   a claimant not appearing on the books and records
 Deadline.                             of the covered financial company, not later than 30