124 STAT. 1908          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(C) has evaluated the effectiveness of the internal supervisory controls during the 90‑day period ending on the final day of the fiscal year to which the report relates; and 
(D) has disclosed to the Commission any significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal supervisory controls that could adversely affect the ability of the Division or Office to consistently conduct inspections, or investigations, or reviews of filings with professional competence and integrity.

(d) NEW DIRECTOR OR ACTING DIRECTOR.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), if the Director of the Division of Enforcement, the Director of the Division of Corporate Finance, or the Director of the Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations has served as Director of the Division or Office for less than 90 days on the date on which a report is required to be submitted under subsection (a), the Commission may submit the report on the date on which the Director has served as Director for 90 days. If there is no Director of the Division of Enforcement, the Division of Corporate Finance, or the Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations, on the date on which a report is required to be submitted under subsection (a), the Acting Director of the Division or Office may make the certification required under subsection (c).
(e) REVIEW BY THE COMPTROLLER GENERAL.—
(1) REPORT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report that contains a review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal supervisory control structure and procedures described in subsection (b)(1), not less frequently than once every 3 years, at a time to coincide with the publication of the reports of the Commission under this section.
(2) AUTHORITY TO HIRE EXPERTS.—The Comptroller General of the United States may hire independent consultants with specialized expertise in any area relevant to the duties of the Comptroller General described in this section, in order to assist the Comptroller General in carrying out such duties.

15 USC 78d–7. SEC. 962. TRIENNIAL REPORT ON PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT.
(a) TRIENNIAL REPORT REQUIRED.—Once every 3 years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on the quality of personnel management by the Commission.
(b) CONTENTS OF REPORT.—Each report under subsection (a) shall include—
(1) an evaluation of—
(A) the effectiveness of supervisors in using the skills, talents, and motivation of the employees of the Commission to achieve the goals of the Commission;
(B) the criteria for promoting employees of the Commission to supervisory positions;
(C) the fairness of the application of the promotion criteria to the decisions of the Commission;