124 STAT. 2056        PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(v) part-time work;
(vi) job sharing;
(vii) parental leave benefits and childcare assistance;
(viii) domestic partner benefits;
(ix) other workplace flexibilities; or
(x) any combination of the items described in clauses (i) through (ix).

(C) RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION PLAN.—The Bureau shall submit a recruitment and retention plan that includes, to the extent practicable, provisions relating to—
(i) the steps necessary to target highly qualified applicant pools with diverse backgrounds;
(ii) streamlined employment application processes;
(iii) the provision of timely notification of the status of employment applications to applicants; and
(iv) the collection of information to measure indicators of hiring effectiveness.

(c) EXPIRATION.—The reporting requirement under subsection (b) shall terminate 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act.
(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect—
(1) a collective bargaining agreement, as that term is defined in section 7103(a)(8) of title 5, United States Code, that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; or
(2) the rights of employees under chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code.
(e) PARTICIPATION IN EXAMINATIONS.—In order to prepare the Bureau to conduct examinations under section 1025 upon the designated transfer date, the Bureau and the applicable prudential regulator may agree to include, on a sampling basis, examiners on examinations of the compliance with Federal consumer financial law of institutions described in section 1025(a) conducted by the prudential regulators prior to the designated transfer date.

Subtitle G—Regulatory Improvements

SEC. 1071. SMALL BUSINESS DATA COLLECTION.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 704A the following:

‘‘SEC. 704B. SMALL BUSINESS LOAN DATA COLLECTION.
‘‘(a) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section is to facilitate enforcement of fair lending laws and enable communities, governmental entities, and creditors to identify business and community development needs and opportunities of women-owned, minority-owned, and small businesses.
‘‘(b) INFORMATION GATHERING.—Subject to the requirements of this section, in the case of any application to a financial institution for credit for women-owned, minority-owned, or small business, the financial institution shall—
‘‘(1) inquire whether the business is a women-owned, minority-owned, or small business, without regard to whether such application is received in person, by mail, by telephone, 15 USC 1691o–2.