124 STAT. 1634          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

and financial markets, and the cost and availability of credit and other financial services to households and businesses in the United States; and
``(B) make recommendations regarding any modifications to the concentration limit that the Council determines would more effectively implement this section.

``(2) RULEMAKING.—Not later than 9 months after the date of completion of the study under paragraph (1), and notwithstanding subsections (b) and (d), the Board shall issue final regulations implementing this section, which shall reflect any recommendations by the Council under paragraph (1)(B).’’.

SEC. 623. INTERSTATE MERGER TRANSACTIONS.
(a) INTERSTATE MERGER TRANSACTIONS.—Section 18(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
``(13)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the responsible agency may not approve an application for an interstate merger transaction if the resulting insured depository institution (including all insured depository institutions which are affiliates of the resulting insured depository institution), upon consummation of the transaction, would control more than 10 percent of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions in the United States.
``(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an interstate merger transaction that involves 1 or more insured depository institutions that are in default or in danger of default, or with respect to which the Corporation provides assistance under section 13.
``(C) In this paragraph—
``(i) the term ‘interstate merger transaction’ means a merger transaction involving 2 or more insured depository institutions that have different home States and that are not affiliates;
``(ii) the term ‘home State’ means—
``(I) with respect to a national bank, the State in which the main office of the bank is located;
``(II) with respect to a State bank or State savings association, the State by which the State bank or State savings association is chartered; and
``(III) with respect to a Federal savings association, the State in which the home office (as defined by the regulations of the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, or, on and after the transfer date, the Comptroller of the Currency) of the Federal savings association is located.’’.

(b) ACQUISITIONS BY BANK HOLDING COMPANIES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 4 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1843) is amended—
(A) in subsection (i), by adding at the end the following:
``(8) INTERSTATE ACQUISITIONS.—
``(A) IN GENERAL.—The Board may not approve an application by a bank holding company to acquire an insured depository institution under subsection (c)(8) or any other provision of this Act if—
``(i) the home State of such insured depository institution is a State other than the home State of the bank holding company; and