PUBLIC LAW 111-203--JULY 21, 2010            124 STAT. 1947

ongoing and completed work, with a focus on issues
that may apply to the broader financial sector; and

           (ii) a summary of the general observations of the 
Council of Inspectors General based on the views 
expressed by each inspector general as required by 
clause (i), with a focus on measures that should be 
taken to improve financial oversight.

(3) WORKING GROUPS TO EVALUATE COUNCIL--

       (A) CONVENING A WORKING GROUP.--The Council of 
Inspectors General may, by majority vote, convene a 
Council of Inspectors General Working Group to evaluate 
the effectiveness and internal operations of the Council.

       (B) PERSONNEL AND RESOURCES.--The inspectors gen-
eral who are members of the Council of Inspectors General 
may detail staff and resources to a Council of Inspectors 
General Working Group established under this paragraph 
to enable it to carry out its duties.

       (C) REPORTS.--A Council of Inspectors General 
Working Group established under this paragraph shall 
submit regular reports to the Council and to Congress 
on its evaluations pursuant to this paragraph.
(b) RESPONSE TO REPORT BY COUNCIL.--The Council shall 
respond to the concerns raised in the report of the Council of 
Inspectors General under subsection (a)(2)(B) for such year.

SEC. 989F. GAO STUDY OF PERSON TO PERSON LENDING.

(a)STUDY.--

        (1) IN GENERAL.--The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall conduct a study of person to person lending to 
determine the optimal Federal regulatory structure.

        (2) CONSULTATION.--In conducting the study required 
under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall consult 
with Federal banking agencies, the Commission, consumer 
groups, outside experts, and the person to person lending 
industry.

        (3) CONTENT OF STUDY.--The study required under para-
graph (1) shall include an examination of--
  
              (A) the regulatory structure as it exists on the date 
of enactment of this Act, as determined by the Commission, 
with particular attention to--

                      (i) the application of the Securities Act of 1933 
to person to person lending platforms;

                      (ii) the posting of consumer loan information on 
the EDGAR database of the Commission; and

                      (iii) the treatment of privately held person to per-
son lending platforms as public companies;

              (B) the State and other Federal regulators responsible 
for the oversight and regulation of person to person lending 
markets;

              (C) any Federal, State, or local government or private 
studies of person to person lending completed or in progress 
on the date of enactment of this Act;

              (D) consumer privacy and data protections, minimum 
credit standards, anti-money laundering and risk manage-
ment in the regulatory structure as it exists on the date 
of enactment of this Act, and whether additional or alter-
native safeguards are needed; and