124 STAT. 1526     PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(B) publish a list of the regulations identified under subparagraph (A) in the Federal Register.
(d) STATUS OF REGULATIONS PROPOSED OR NOT YET EFFEC-
    TIVE.—
(1) PROPOSED REGULATIONS.—Any proposed regulation of the Office of Thrift Supervision, which the Office of Thrift Supervision in performing functions transferred by this title, has proposed before the transfer date but has not published as a final regulation before such date, shall be deemed to be a proposed regulation of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Board of Governors, as appropriate, according to the terms of the proposed regulation.
(2) REGULATIONS NOT YET EFFECTIVE.—Any interim or final regulation of the Office of Thrift Supervision, which the Office of Thrift Supervision, in performing functions transferred by this title, has published before the transfer date but which has not become effective before that date, shall become effective as a regulation of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Board of Governors, as appropriate, according to the terms of the interim or final regulation, unless modified, termi- nated, set aside, or superseded in accordance with applicable law by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Board of Governors, as appropriate, by any court of competent jurisdiction, or by operation of law.
SEC. 317. REFERENCES IN FEDERAL LAW TO FEDERAL BANKING AGEN-
CIES.
On and after the transfer date, any reference in Federal law to the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision or the Office of Thrift Supervision, in connection with any function of the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision or the Office of Thrift Supervision transferred under section 312(b) or any other provision of this subtitle, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Comptroller of the Currency, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Chairman of the Corporation, the Corporation, the Chairman of the Board of Governors, or the Board of Governors, as appropriate and consistent with the amendments made in subtitle E.
SEC. 318. FUNDING.
(a) COMPENSATION OF EXAMINERS.—Section 5240 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 481 et seq.) is amended—
(1) in the second undesignated paragraph (12 U.S.C. 481), in the fourth sentence, by striking “without regard to the provi- sions of other laws applicable to officers or employees of the United States” and inserting the following: “set and adjusted subject to chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code, and without regard to the provisions of other laws applicable to officers or employees of the United States”; and
(2) in the third undesignated paragraph (12 U.S.C. 482), in the first sentence, by striking “shall fix” and inserting “shall, subject to chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code, fix”.
(b) FUNDING OF OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CUR-
RENCY.—Chapter 4 of title LXII of the Revised Statutes is amended by inserting after section 5240 (12 U.S.C. 481, 482) the following:
“SEC. 5240A. The Comptroller of the Currency may collect an assessment, fee, or other charge from any entity described in section 3(q)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
12 USC 16.