124 STAT. 2162           PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

        “(2) to divide any loan transaction into separate parts for the purpose and with the intent of evading provisions of this title.”.
 (c) MODIFICATION OR DEFERRAL FEES.—Section 129 of the Truth 
 in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639) is amended by inserting after 
 subsection (r) (as added by subsection (b) of this section) the fol-
 lowing new subsection:
                “(s) MODIFICATION AND DEFERRAL FEES PROHIBITED.—A cred-
          itor, successor in interest, assignee, or any agent of any of the above, may not charge a consumer any fee to modify, renew, extend, or amend a high-cost mortgage, or to defer any payment due under the terms of such mortgage.”.
 (d) PAYOFF STATEMENT.—Section 129 of the Truth in Lending
 Act (15 U.S.C. 1639) is amended by inserting after subsection 
 (s) (as added by subsection (c) of this section) the following new
 subsection:
          “(t) PAYOFF STATEMENT.—
                “(1) FEES.—
                        “(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph 
                (B), no creditor or servicer may charge a fee for informing 
                or transmitting to any person the balance due to pay off 
                the outstanding balance on a high-cost mortgage.
                        “(B) TRANSACTION FEE.—When payoff information 
                referred to in subparagraph (A) is provided by facsimile 
                transmission or by a courier service, a creditor or servicer 
                may charge a processing fee to cover the cost of such 
                transmission or service in an amount not to exceed an 
                amount that is comparable to fees imposed for similar 
                services provided in connection with consumer credit trans-
                actions that are secured by the consumer’s principal 
                dwelling and are not high-cost mortgages.
                        “(C) FEE DISCLOSURE.—Prior to charging a transaction 
                fee as provided in subparagraph (B), a creditor or servicer 
                shall disclose that payoff balances are available for free 
                pursuant to subparagraph (A).
                        “(D) MULTIPLE REQUESTS.—If a creditor or servicer has
                provided payoff information referred to in subparagraph 
                (A) without charge, other than the transaction fee allowed 
                by subparagraph (B), on 4 occasions during a calendar 
                year, the creditor or servicer may thereafter charge a 
                reasonable fee for providing such information during the 
                remainder of the calendar year.
	Deadline.       “(2) PROMPT DELIVERY.—Payoff balances shall be provided 
within 5 business days after receiving a request by a consumer 
or a person authorized by the consumer to obtain such informa-
tion.”.
  (e) PRE-LOAN COUNSELING REQUIRED.—Section 129 of the Truth 
in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639) is amended by inserting after
subsection (t) (as added by subsection (d) of this section) the following
new subsection:
		Certification.		“(u) PRE-LOAN COUNSELING.—
				“(1) IN GENERAL.—A creditor may not extend credit to 
                a consumer under a high-cost mortgage without first receiving 
                certification from a counselor that is approved by the Secretary 
                of Housing and Urban Development, or at the discretion of