124 STAT. 1428          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

determine by regulation to be necessary to mitigate risks to the financial stability of the United States) of the company.
            Definition.
            (3) CREDIT EXPOSURE.—For purposes of paragraph (2), ‘‘credit exposure’’ to a company means—
                (A) all extensions of credit to the company, including loans, deposits, and lines of credit;
                (B) all repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements with the company, and all securities borrowing and lending transactions with the company, to the extent that such transactions create credit exposure for the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or a bank holding company described in subsection (a);
                (C) all guarantees, acceptances, or letters of credit (including endorsement or standby letters of credit) issued on behalf of the company;
                (D) all purchases of or investment in securities issued by the company;
                (E) counterparty credit exposure to the company in connection with a derivative transaction between the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or a bank holding company described in subsection (a) and the company; and
                (F) any other similar transactions that the Board of Governors, by regulation, determines to be a credit exposure for purposes of this section.
            (4) ATTRIBUTION RULE.—For purposes of this section, any transaction by a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or a bank holding company described in subsection (a) with any person is a transaction with a company, to the extent that the proceeds of the transaction are used for the benefit of, or transferred to, that company.
            (5) RULEMAKING.—The Board of Governors may issue such regulations and orders, including definitions consistent with this section, as may be necessary to administer and carry out this subsection.
            (6) EXEMPTIONS.—This subsection shall not apply to any Federal home loan bank. The Board of Governors may, by regulation or order, exempt transactions, in whole or in part, from the definition of the term ‘‘credit exposure’’ for purposes of this subsection, if the Board of Governors finds that the exemption is in the public interest and is consistent with the purpose of this subsection.
                    Effective date.
            (7) TRANSITION PERIOD.—
                 (A) IN GENERAL.—This subsection and any regulations and orders of the Board of Governors under this subsection shall not be effective until 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act.
                 (B) EXTENSION AUTHORIZED.—The Board of Governors may extend the period specified in subparagraph (A) for not longer than an additional 2 years.
        (f) ENHANCED PUBLIC DISCLOSURES.—The Board of Governors may prescribe, by regulation, periodic public disclosures by nonbank financial companies supervised by the Board of Governors and bank holding companies described in subsection (a) in order to support market evaluation of the risk profile, capital adequacy, and risk management capabilities thereof.