PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010
(B) the majority and minority leaders of the House of Representatives;
(C) the majority and minority leaders of the Senate;
(D) the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and of the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and
(E) any member of Congress who requests it.
(c) PUBLICATION OF BOARD ACTIONS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Board of Governors shall publish on its website, not later than December 1, 2010, with respect to all loans and other financial assistance provided during the period beginning on December 1, 2007 and ending on the date of enactment of this Act under the Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, the Primary Dealer Credit Facility, the Commercial Paper Funding Facility, the Term Securities Lending Facility, the Term Auction Facility, Maiden Lane, Maiden Lane II, Maiden Lane III, the agency Mortgage-Backed Securities program, foreign currency liquidity swap lines, and any other program created as a result of section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act (as so designated by this title)—
(1) the identity of each business, individual, entity, or foreign central bank to which the Board of Governors or a Federal reserve bank has provided such assistance;
(2) the type of financial assistance provided to that business, individual, entity, or foreign central bank;
(3) the value or amount of that financial assistance;
(4) the date on which the financial assistance was provided;
(5) the specific terms of any repayment expected, including the repayment time period, interest charges, collateral, limitations on executive compensation or dividends, and other material terms; and
(6) the specific rationale for each such facility or program.

TITLE XII—IMPROVING ACCESS TO MAINSTREAM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

SEC. 1201. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the “Improving Access to Mainstream Financial Institutions Act of 2010”.

SEC. 1202. PURPOSE.
The purpose of this title is to encourage initiatives for financial products and services that are appropriate and accessible for millions of Americans who are not fully incorporated into the financial mainstream.

SEC. 1203. DEFINITIONS.
In this title, the following definitions shall apply:
(1) ACCOUNT.—The term “account” means an agreement between an individual and an eligible entity under which the individual obtains from or through the entity 1 or more banking products and services, and includes a deposit account, a savings