124 STAT. 1474		PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

Definition.
Time period.
Applicability.

on which the Corporation is appointed as receiver for the covered financial company.
(ii) DEFINITION OF INSUFFICIENCY.—In this subparagraph, the term “insufficiency” means the amount, if any, by which a claim against the covered financial company exceeds a mutual debt owed to the covered financial company by the holder of such claim.
(C) INSOLVENCY.—The term “insolvent” has the same meaning as in section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code.
(D) PRESUMPTION OF INSOLVENCY.—For purposes of this paragraph, the covered financial company is presumed to have been insolvent on and during the 90-day period preceding the date of appointment of the Corporation as receiver.
(E) LIMITATION.—Nothing in this paragraph (12) shall be the basis for any right of setoff where no such right exists under applicable noninsolvency law.
(F) PRIORITY CLAIM.—Except as otherwise provided in this title, the Corporation as receiver for the covered financial company may sell or transfer any assets free and clear of the setoff rights of any party, except that such party shall be entitled to a claim, subordinate to the claims payable under subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (b)(1), but senior to all other unsecured liabilities defined in subsection (b)(1)(E), in an amount equal to the value of such setoff rights.
(13) ATTACHMENT OF ASSETS AND OTHER INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.—Subject to paragraph (14), any court of competent jurisdiction may, at the request of the Corporation as receiver for a covered financial company, issue an order in accordance with Rule 65 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, including an order placing the assets of any person designated by the Corporation under the control of the court and appointing a trustee to hold such assets.
(14) STANDARDS.—
(A) SHOWING.—Rule 65 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure shall apply with respect to any proceeding under paragraph (13), without regard to the requirement that the applicant show that the injury, loss, or damage is irreparable and immediate.
(B) STATE PROCEEDING.—If, in the case of any proceeding in a State court, the court determines that rules of civil procedure available under the laws of the State provide substantially similar protections of the right of the parties to due process as provided under Rule 65 (as modified with respect to such proceeding by subparagraph (A)), the relief sought by the Corporation pursuant to paragraph (14) may be requested under the laws of such State.
(15) TREATMENT OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM BREACH OF CONTRACTS EXECUTED BY THE CORPORATION AS RECEIVER.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, any final and nonappealable judgment for monetary damages entered against the Corporation as receiver for a covered financial company for the breach of an agreement executed or approved by the Corporation after the date of its appointment shall be paid as an administrative expense of the receiver. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the power of a receiver