124 STAT. 2174               PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

SEC. 1449. ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY FOR GRANT RECIPI-
                                       ENTS.
    Section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 
1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x), as amended by the preceding provisions 
of this subtitle, is amended by adding at the end the following:
        ‘‘(i) ACCOUNTABILITY FOR RECIPIENTS OF COVERED ASSIST-
                ANCE.—
            ‘‘(1) TRACKING OF FUNDS.—The Secretary shall—
                ‘‘(A) develop and maintain a system to ensure that
            any organization or entity that receives any covered assist-
            ance uses all amounts of covered assistance in accordance 
            with this section, the regulations issued under this section, 
            and any requirements or conditions under which such 
            amounts were provided; and
                ‘‘(B) require any organization or entity, as a condition 
            of receipt of any covered assistance, to agree to comply 
            with such requirements regarding covered assistance as 
            the Secretary shall establish, which shall include—
                    ‘‘(i) appropriate periodic financial and grant
                activity reporting, record retention, and audit require-
                ments for the duration of the covered assistance to 
                the organization or entity to ensure compliance with 
                the limitations and requirements of this section, the 
                regulations under this section, and any requirements 
                or conditions under which such amounts were provided; 
                and
                    ‘‘(ii) any other requirements that the Secretary 
                determines are necessary to ensure appropriate 
            administration and compliance.
            ‘‘(2) MISUSE OF FUNDS.—If any organization or entity that
        receives any covered assistance is determined by the Secretary 
        to have used any covered assistance in a manner that is material-
        ly in violation of this section, the regulations issued under 
        this section, or any requirements or conditions under which 
        such assistance was provided—
                ‘‘(A) the Secretary shall require that, within 12 months 
            after the determination of such misuse, the organization 
            or entity shall reimburse the Secretary for such misused 
            amounts and return to the Secretary any such amounts 
            that remain unused or uncommitted for use; and
                ‘‘(B) such organization or entity shall be ineligible, 
            at any time after such determination, to apply for or receive 
            any further covered assistance.
        The remedies under this paragraph are in addition to any 
        other remedies that may be available under law.
            ‘‘(3) COVERED ASSISTANCE.—For purposes of this subsection, 
        the term ‘covered assistance’ means any grant or other financial
        assistance provided under this section.’’.

SEC. 1450. UPDATING AND SIMPLIFICATION OF MORTGAGE INFORMA-
                                        TION BOOKLET.
    Section 5 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 
1974 (12 U.S.C. 2604) is amended—
        (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘SPECIAL’’ and 
    inserting ‘‘HOME BUYING’’;
        (2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the 
    following new subsections: