124 STAT. 1390             PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

(16) STATE.—The term "State" means any State, common- 
wealth, territory, or possession of the United States, the District 
of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Common- 
wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, 
Guam, or the United States Virgin Islands. 
(17) TRANSFER DATE.—The term "transfer date" means the 
date established under section 311. 
(18) OTHER INCORPORATED DEFINITIONS.— 
(A) FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT.—The terms 
"bank", "bank holding company", "control", "deposit", 
"depository institution", "Federal depository institution", 
"Federal savings association", "foreign bank", "including", 
"insured branch", "insured depository institution`, "national 
member bank", "national nonmember bank", "savings 
association", "State bank", "State depository institution", 
"State member bank", "State nonmember bank", "State 
savings association", and "subsidiary" have the same 
meanings as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). 
(B) HOLDING COMPANIES.—The term— 
(i) "bank holding company" has the same meaning 
as in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act 
of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841); 
(ii) "financial holding company" has the same 
meaning as in section 2(p) of the Bank Holding Com- 
pany Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841(p)); and 
(iii) "savings and loan holding company" has the 
same meaning as in section 10 of the Home Owners' 
Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(a)). 
12 USC 5302. SEC. 3. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act, an amendment made by this 
Act, or the application of such provision or amendment to any 
person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder 
of this Act, the amendments made by this Act, and the application 
of the provisions of such to any person or circumstance shall not 
be affected thereby. 
12 USC 5301 SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. note. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Act or the 
amendments made by this Act, this Act and such amendments 
shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of comply- 
ing with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined 
by reference to the latest statement titled "Budgetary Effects of 
PAYGO Legislation" for this Act, jointly submitted for printing 
in the Congressional Record by the Chairmen of the House and 
Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been 
submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first 
on this conference report or amendment between the Houses. 
12 USC 5303. SEC. 6. ANTITRUST SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, 
shall be construed to modify, impair, or supersede the operation 
of any of the antitrust laws, unless otherwise specified. For purposes 
of this section, the term "antitrust laws" has the same meaning