124 STAT. 1840          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(1) the appropriate structure for regulation of financial planners and individuals providing financial planning services; and 

(2) the appropriate scope of the regulations needed to protect investors and other consumers, including but not limited to the need to establish competency standards, practice standards, ethical guidelines, disciplinary authority, and transparency to investors and other consumers. (d) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report on the study required under subsection (a) to— 
(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate; and 
(C) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. 
(2) CONTENT REQUIREMENTS.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall describe the findings and determinations made by the Comptroller General in carrying out the study required under subsection (a), including a description of the considerations, analysis, and government, public, industry, nonprofit and consumer input that the Comptroller General considered to make such findings, conclusions, and legislative, regulatory, or other recommendations.

SEC. 919D. OMBUDSMAN. 

Section 4(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as added 15 USC 78d. by section 914, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
“(8) OMBUDSMAN.— 
“(A) APPOINTMENT.—Not later than 180 days after the Deadline. date on which the first Investor Advocate is appointed under paragraph (2)(A)(i), the Investor Advocate shall appoint an Ombudsman, who shall report directly to the Investor Advocate. 
“(B) DUTIES.—The Ombudsman appointed under subparagraph (A) shall— 
“(i) act as a liaison between the Commission and any retail investor in resolving problems that retail investors may have with the Commission or with self regulatory organizations; 
“(ii) review and make recommendations regarding policies and procedures to encourage persons to present questions to the Investor Advocate regarding com- pliance with the securities laws; and 
“(iii) establish safeguards to maintain the confidentiality of communications between the persons described in clause (ii) and the Ombudsman. 
“(C) LIMITATION.—In carrying out the duties of the Ombudsman under subparagraph (B), the Ombudsman shall utilize personnel of the Commission to the extent practicable. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as replacing, altering, or diminishing the activities of any ombudsman or similar office of any other agency. 
“(D) REPORT.—The Ombudsman shall submit a semi annual report to the Investor Advocate that describes the