124 STAT. 2122             PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

up to the increased maximum debt guarantee amount. The Corporation shall exercise the authority under this section to issue guarantees up to that specified maximum amount upon passage of the joint resolution of approval, as provided in subsection (d). Absent such approval, the Corporation shall issue no such guarantees.
(d) RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL.—
President.
(1) ADDITIONAL DEBT GUARANTEE AUTHORITY.—Arequest by the President under this section shall be considered granted by Congress upon adoption of a joint resolution approving such request. Such joint resolution shall be considered in the Senate under expedited procedures.
Notification. Deadline.
(2) FAST TRACK CONSIDERATION IN SENATE.—
(A) RECONVENING.—Upon receipt of a request under subsection (c), if the Senate has adjourned or recessed for more than 2 days, the majority leader of the Senate, after consultation with the minority leader of the Senate, shall notify the Members of the Senate that, pursuant to this section, the Senate shall convene not later than the second calendar day after receipt of such message.
(B) PLACEMENT ON CALENDAR.—Upon introduction in the Senate, the joint resolution shall be placed immediately on the calendar.
Time period.
(C) FLOOR CONSIDERATION.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time during the period beginning on the 4th day after the date on which Congress receives a request under subsection (c), and ending on the 6th day after that date (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business until disposed of.
(ii) DEBATE.—Debate on the joint resolution, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority leaders or their designees. A motion further to limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order.
Limitation.
(iii) VOTE ON PASSAGE.—The vote on passage shall occur immediately following the conclusion of the debate on the joint resolution, and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate.