PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1429

(g) SHORT-TERM DEBT LIMITS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In order to mitigate the risks that an over-accumulation of short-term debt could pose to financial companies and to the stability of the United States financial system, the Board of Governors may, by regulation, prescribe a limit on the amount of short-term debt, including off-balance sheet exposures, that may be accumulated by any bank holding company described in subsection (a) and any nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors.
(2) BASIS OF LIMIT.—Any limit prescribed under paragraph (1) shall be based on the short-term debt of the company described in paragraph (1) as a percentage of capital stock and surplus of the company or on such other measure as the Board of Governors considers appropriate.
(3) SHORT-TERM DEBT DEFINED.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘short-term debt’’ means such liabilities with short-dated maturity that the Board of Governors identifies, by regulation, except that such term does not include insured deposits.
(4) RULEMAKING AUTHORITY.—In addition to prescribing regulations under paragraphs (1) and (3), the Board of Governors may prescribe such regulations, including definitions consistent with this subsection, and issue such orders, as may be necessary to carry out this subsection.
(5) AUTHORITY TO ISSUE EXEMPTIONS AND ADJUSTMENTS.— Notwithstanding section the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841 et seq.), the Board of Governors may, if it determines such action is necessary to ensure appropriate heightened prudential supervision, with respect to a company described in paragraph (1) that does not control an insured depository institution, issue to such company an exemption from or adjustment to the limit prescribed under paragraph (1).

(h) RISK COMMITTEE.—
(1)  NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANIES SUPERVISED BY THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS.—The Board of Governors shall require each nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors that is a publicly traded company to establish a risk committee, as set forth in paragraph (3), not later than 1 year after the date of receipt of a notice of final determination under section 113(e)(3) with respect to such nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors.
(2) CERTAIN BANK HOLDING COMPANIES.—
(A) MANDATORY REGULATIONS.—The Board of Governors shall issue regulations requiring each bank holding company that is a publicly traded company and that has total consolidated assets of not less than $10,000,000,000 to establish a risk committee, as set forth in paragraph (3).
(B) PERMISSIVE REGULATIONS.—The Board of Governors may require each bank holding company that is a publicly traded company and that has total consolidated assets of less than $10,000,000,000 to establish a risk committee, as set forth in paragraph (3), as determined necessary or appropriate by the Board of Governors to promote sound risk management practices.
(3) RISK COMMITTEE.—A risk committee required by this subsection shall—