PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010 124 STAT. 2187

‘‘(1) that is not a qualified mortgage, as defined in section 129C; and
‘‘(2) with an annual percentage rate that exceeds the average prime offer rate for a comparable transaction, as defined in section 129C, as of the date the interest rate is set—
‘‘(A) by 1.5 or more percentage points, in the case of a first lien residential mortgage loan having an original principal obligation amount that does not exceed the amount of the maximum limitation on the original principal obligation of mortgage in effect for a residence of the applicable size, as of the date of such interest rate set, pursuant to the sixth sentence of section 305(a)(2) the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C 1454(a)(2));
‘‘(B) by 2.5 or more percentage points, in the case of a first lien residential mortgage loan having an original principal obligation amount that exceeds the amount of the maximum limitation on the original principal obligation of mortgage in effect for a residence of the applicable size, as of the date of such interest rate set, pursuant to the sixth sentence of section 305(a)(2) the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1454(a)(2)); and
‘‘(C) by 3.5 or more percentage points for a subordinate lien residential mortgage loan.’’.

SEC. 1472. APPRAISAL INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 2 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1631 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 129D (as added by section 1461(a)) the following new section:

‘‘§ 129E. Appraisal independence requirements
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—It shall be unlawful, in extending credit or in providing any services for a consumer credit transaction secured by the principal dwelling of the consumer, to engage in any act or practice that violates appraisal independence as described in or pursuant to regulations prescribed under this section.
‘‘(b) APPRAISAL INDEPENDENCE.—For purposes of subsection (a), acts or practices that violate appraisal independence shall include—
‘‘(1) any appraisal of a property offered as security for repayment of the consumer credit transaction that is conducted in connection with such transaction in which a person with an interest in the underlying transaction compensates, coerces, extorts, colludes, instructs, induces, bribes, or intimidates a person, appraisal management company, firm, or other entity conducting or involved in an appraisal, or attempts, to compensate, coerce, extort, collude, instruct, induce, bribe, or intimidate such a person, for the purpose of causing the appraised value assigned, under the appraisal, to the property to be based on any factor other than the independent judgment of the appraiser;
‘‘(2) mischaracterizing, or suborning any mischaracterization of, the appraised value of the property securing the extension of the credit;
‘‘(3) seeking to influence an appraiser or otherwise to encourage a targeted value in order to facilitate the making or pricing of the transaction; and