124 STAT. 1964            PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

                             (v) honored upon presentation to such merchant,
                           retailer, or seller of nonfinancial goods or services or
                           an affiliate of such person, which affiliate itself is 
                           a merchant, retailer, or seller of nonfinancial goods
                           or services, only for any nonfinancial goods or services.
           (29) TRANSMITTING OR EXCHANGING FUNDS.—The term
       ‘‘transmitting or exchanging funds’’ means receiving currency,
       monetary value, or payment instruments from a consumer for
       the purpose of exchanging or transmitting them by any means, 
       including transmission by wire, facsimile, electronic 
       transfer, courier, the Internet, or through bill payment services 
       or through other businesses that facilitate third-party transfers 
       within the United States or to or from the United States.

      Subtitle A—Bureau of Consumer Financial
                    Protection

      12 USC 5491.           SEC. 1011. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINAN-
                                            CIAL PROTECTION.

                (a) BUREAU ESTABLISHED.—There is established in the Federal
          Reserve System, an independent bureau to be known as the ‘‘Bureau
          of Consumer Financial Protection’’, which shall regulate the offering
          and provision of consumer financial products or services under 
          the Federal consumer financial laws. The Bureau shall be consid-
          ered an Executive agency, as defined in section 105 of title 5,
          United States Code. Except as otherwise provided expressly by 
          law, all Federal laws dealing with public or Federal contracts,
          property, works, officers, employees, budgets, or funds, including
          the provisions of chapters 5 and 7 of title 5, shall apply to the 
          exercise of the powers of the Bureau.
          Applicability.
                (b) DIRECTOR AND DEPUTY DIRECTOR.—
                     (1) IN GENERAL.—There is established the position of the 
                  Director, who shall serve as the head of the Bureau.
                     (2) APPOINTMENT.—Subject to paragraph (3), the Director
          President.
                  shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
                  and consent of the Senate.
                     (3) QUALIFICATION.—The President shall nominate the 
          President.
                  Director from among individuals who are citizens of the United
                  States.
                     (4) COMPENSATION.—The Director shall be compensated at
                   the rate prescribed for level II of the Executive Schedule under
                   section 5313 of title 5, United States Code.
                     (5) DEPUTY DIRECTOR.—There is established the position
                   of Deputy Director, who shall—
                             (A) be appointed by the Director; and
                             (B) serve as acting Director in the absence or unavail-
                             ability of the Director.
                 (c) TERM.—
                        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall serve for a term of
                    5 years.
                        (2) EXPIRATION OF TERM.—An individual may serve as
                    Director after the expiration of the term for which appointed,
                    until a successor has been appointed and qualified.
                        (3) REMOVAL FOR CAUSE.—The President may remove the 
                    Director for inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in
                    office.