124 STAT. 1418             PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

(B) to monitor, investigate, and report on changes in systemwide risk levels and patterns to the Council and Congress;
(C) to conduct, coordinate, and sponsor research to support and improve regulation of financial entities and markets;
(D) to evaluate and report on stress tests or other stability-related evaluations of financial entities overseen by the member agencies;
(E) to maintain expertise in such areas as may be necessary to support specific requests for advice and assistance from financial regulators;
(F) to investigate disruptions and failures in the financial markets, report findings, and make recommendations to the Council based on those findings;
(G) to conduct studies and provide advice on the impact of policies related to systemic risk; and
(H) to promote best practices for financial risk management.

(d) REPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES.— 
(1) REQUIRED REPORTS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year thereafter, the Office shall prepare and submit a report to Congress. 
(2) CONTENT.—Each report required by this subsection shall assess the state of the United States financial system, including—
(A) an analysis of any threats to the financial stability of the United States;
(B) the status of the efforts of the Office in meeting the mission of the Office; and 
(C) key findings from the research and analysis of the financial system by the Office.

12 USC 5345. 
SEC. 155. FUNDING. 
(a) FINANCIAL RESEARCH FUND.— 
(1) FUND ESTABLISHED.—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a separate fund to be known as the “Financial Research Fund”.
(2) FUND RECEIPTS.—All amounts provided to the Office under subsection (c), and all assessments that the Office receives under subsection (d) shall be deposited into the Financial Research Fund. 
(3) INVESTMENTS AUTHORIZED.— 
(A) AMOUNTS IN FUND MAY BE INVESTED.—The Director may request the Secretary to invest the portion of the Financial Research Fund that is not, in the judgment of the Director, required to meet the needs of the Office. 
(B) ELIGIBLE INVESTMENTS.—Investments shall be made by the Secretary in obligations of the United States or obligations that are guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United States, with maturities suitable to the needs of the Financial Research Fund, as determined by the Director.
(4) INTEREST AND PROCEEDS CREDITED.—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations