124 STAT. 1736

PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010


Notification. “(3) STAY OF CERTIFICATION FOR RULES.— Time period. “(A) A notification by the Commission pursuant to paragraph (2) shall stay the certification of the new rule or rule amendment for up to an additional 90 days from the date of the notification.
Effective date. “(B) A rule or rule amendment subject to a stay pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall become effective, pursuant to the certification of the registered entity, at the expiration of the period described in subparagraph (A) unless the Commission—
	“(i) withdraws the stay prior to that time; or 
	“(ii) notifies the registered entity during such period that it objects to the proposed certification on the grounds that it is inconsistent with this Act (including regulations under this Act).

Public comment. “(C) The Commission shall provide a not less than 30-day public comment period, within the 90-day period in which the stay in is effect as described in subparagraph (A), whenever the Commission reviews a rule or rule amendment pursuant to a notification by the Commission under this paragraph.

“(4) PRIOR APPROVAL.— 
	“(A) IN GENERAL.—A registered entity may request that the Commission grant prior approval to any new contract or other instrument, new rule, or rule amendment.
	“(B) PRIOR APPROVAL REQUIRED.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, a designated contract market shall submit to the Commission for prior approval each rule amendment that materially changes the terms and conditions, as determined by the Commission, in any of its contracts of sale for future delivery of a commodity specifically enumerated in section 1a(10) (or any option thereon) traded through its facilities if the rule amendment applies to contracts and delivery months which have already been listed for trading and have open interest.
	“(C) DEADLINE.—If prior approval is requested under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall take final action on the request not later than 90 days after submission of the request, unless the person submitting the request agrees to an extension of the time limitation established under this subparagraph.

“(5) APPROVAL.— 

	“(A) RULES.—The Commission shall approve a new rule, or rule amendment, of a registered entity unless the Commission finds that the new rule, or rule amendment, is inconsistent with this subtitle (including regulations). 
	“(B) CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS.—The Commission shall approve a new contract or other instrument unless the Commission finds that the new contract or other instrument would violate this Act (including regulations).
	“(C) SPECIAL RULE FOR REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF EVENT CONTRACTS AND SWAPS CONTRACTS.—
		“(i) EVENT CONTRACTS.—In connection with the listing of agreements, contracts, transactions, or swaps in excluded commodities that are based upon the occurrence, extent of an occurrence, or contingency (other than a change the price, rate, value, or levels of