PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010              124 STAT. 1765

    ‘‘(e) REPORTING TRANSITION RULES.—Rules adopted by the
Commission under this section shall provide for the reporting of
data, as follows:
        ‘‘(1) Security-based swaps entered into before the date of
    the enactment of this section shall be reported to a registered
    security-based swap data repository or the Commission no later
    than 180 days after the effective date of this section.
        ‘‘(2) Security-based swaps entered into on or after such
    date of enactment shall be reported to a registered security-
    based swap data repository or the Commission no later than
    the later of—
            ‘‘(A) 90 days after such effective date; or
            ‘‘(B) such other time after entering into the security-
    based swap as the Commission may prescribe by rule or
    regulation.
    ‘‘(f) CLEARING TRANSITION RULES.—
        ‘‘(1) Security-based swaps entered into before the date of
    the enactment of this section are exempt from the clearing
    requirements of this subsection if reported pursuant to sub-
    section (e)(1).
        ‘‘(2) Security-based swaps entered into before application
    of the clearing requirement pursuant to this section are exempt
    from the clearing requirements of this section if reported pursu-
    ant to subsection (e)(2).
    ‘‘(g) EXCEPTIONS.—
        ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The requirements of subsection (a)(1)
    shall not apply to a security-based swap if 1 of the counterpar-
    ties to the security-based swap—
            ‘‘(A) is not a financial entity;
            ‘‘(B) is using security-based swaps to hedge or mitigate
    commercial risk; and
            ‘‘(C) notifies the Commission, in a manner set forth
        by the Commission, how it generally meets its financial
        obligations associated with entering into non-cleared secu-
        rity-based swaps.
Notification.
        ‘‘(2) OPTION TO CLEAR.—The application of the clearing
    exception in paragraph (1) is solely at the discretion of the
    counterparty to the security-based swap that meets the condi-
    tions of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1).
        ‘‘(3) FINANCIAL ENTITY DEFINITION.—
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For the purposes of this subsection,
        the term ‘financial entity’ means—
                ‘‘(i) a swap dealer;
                ‘‘(ii) a security-based swap dealer;
                ‘‘(iii) a major swap participant;
                ‘‘(iv) a major security-based swap participant;
                ‘‘(v) a commodity pool as defined in section 1a(10)
    of the Commodity Exchange Act;
                ‘‘(vi) a private fund as defined in section 202(a)
    of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C.
    80–b2(a));
                ‘‘(vii) an employee benefit plan as defined in para-
    graphs (3) and (32) of section 3 of the Employee Retire-
    ment Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002);
                ‘‘(viii) a person predominantly engaged in activities
        that are in the business of banking or financial in