124 STAT. 1518            PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

                          Applicability.

               (2) PROCEDURES.—The due process requirements and other 
         procedures under section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
         Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)) shall apply to actions under this section 
         as if the covered financial company were an insured depository 
         institution and the senior executive or director were an institu-
        tion-affiliated party, as those terms are defined in that Act.
               (d) REGULATIONS.—The Corporation and the Board of Gov-
        ernors, in consultation with the Council, shall jointly prescribe 
        rules or regulations to administer and carry out this section, 
        including rules, regulations, or guidelines to further define the 
        term senior executive for the purposes of this section.

12 USC 5394. SEC. 214. PROHIBITION ON TAXPAYER FUNDING.

                (a) LIQUIDATION REQUIRED.—All financial companies put into 
        receivership under this title shall be liquidated. No taxpayer funds 
        shall be used to prevent the liquidation of any financial company 
        under this title.
                (b) RECOVERY OF FUNDS.—All funds expended in the liquidation 
        of a financial company under this title shall be recovered from 
        the disposition of assets of such financial company, or shall be 
        the responsibility of the financial sector, through assessments.
                (c) NO LOSSES TO TAXPAYERS.—Taxpayers shall bear no losses 
        from the exercise of any authority under this title.

SEC. 215. STUDY ON SECURED CREDITOR HAIRCUTS.

               (a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Council shall conduct a study evalu-
         ating the importance of maximizing United States taxpayer protec-
         tions and promoting market discipline with respect to the treatment 
         of fully secured creditors in the utilization of the orderly liquidation 
         authority authorized by this Act. In carrying out such study, the 
         Council shall—
                  (1) not be prejudicial to current or past laws or regulations 
         with respect to secured creditor treatment in a resolution 
         process;
                  (2) study the similarities and differences between the reso-
         lution mechanisms authorized by the Bankruptcy Code, the 
         Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 
         1991, and the orderly liquidation authority authorized by this 
         Act;
                  (3) determine how various secured creditors are treated 
         in such resolution mechanisms and examine how  a haircut 
         (of various degrees) on secured creditors could improve market 
         discipline and protect taxpayers;
                  (4) compare the benefits and dynamics of prudent lending 
         practices by depository institutions in secured loans for con-
         sumers and small businesses to the lending practices of secured 
         creditors to large, interconnected financial firms;
                  (5) consider whether credit differs according to different 
         types of collateral and different terms and timing of the exten-
         sion of credit; and
                  (6) include an examination of stakeholders who were 
         unsecured or under-collateralized and seek collateral when a 
         firm is failing, and the impact that such behavior has on 
         financial stability and an orderly resolution that protects tax-
         payers if the firm fails.
               (b) REPORT.—Not later than the end of the 1-year period begin-
         ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall issue 
         a report to the Congress containing all findings and conclusions