124 STAT. 1628          PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

order, after due notice and opportunity for hearing, the banking
entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board
to terminate the activity and, as relevant, dispose of the invest-
ment. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit
the inherent authority of any Federal agency or State regu-
latory authority to further restrict any investments or activities
under otherwise applicable provisions of law.
 ‘‘(f) LIMITATIONS ON RELATIONSHIPS WITH HEDGE FUNDS AND
PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS.—
 ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—No banking entity that serves, directly
or indirectly, as the investment manager, investment adviser,
or sponsor to a hedge fund or private equity fund, or that
organizes and offers a hedge fund or private equity fund pursu-
ant to paragraph (d)(1)(G), and no affiliate of such entity,
may enter into a transaction with the fund, or with any other
hedge fund or private equity fund that is controlled by such
fund, that would be a covered transaction, as defined in section
23A of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371c), with the
hedge fund or private equity fund, as if such banking entity
and the affiliate thereof were a member bank and the hedge
fund or private equity fund were an affiliate thereof.
 ‘‘(2) TREATMENT AS MEMBER BANK.—A banking entity that
serves, directly or indirectly, as the investment manager, invest-
ment adviser, or sponsor to a hedge fund or private equity
fund, or that organizes and offers a hedge fund or private
equity fund pursuant to paragraph (d)(1)(G), shall be subject
to section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371c–
1), as if such banking entity were a member bank and such
hedge fund or private equity fund were an affiliate thereof.
 ‘‘(3) PERMITTED SERVICES.—
 ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the 
Board may permit a banking entity to enter into any prime
brokerage transaction with any hedge fund or private
equity fund in which a hedge fund or private equity fund
managed, sponsored, or advised by such banking entity
has taken an equity, partnership, or other ownership
interest, if—
 ‘‘(i) the banking entity is in compliance with each
of the limitations set forth in subsection (d)(1)(G) with
regard to a hedge fund or private equity fund organized
and offered by such banking entity;
 ‘‘(ii) the chief executive officer (or equivalent
officer) of the banking entity certifies in writing
annually (with a duty to update the certification if
the information in the certification materially changes)
that the conditions specified in subsection (d)(1)(G)(v)
are satisfied; and
 ‘‘(iii) the Board has determined that such trans-
action is consistent with the safe and sound operation
and condition of the banking entity.
 ‘‘(B) TREATMENT OF PRIME BROKERAGE TRANSACTIONS.—
For purposes of subparagraph (A), a prime brokerage trans-
action described in subparagraph (A) shall be subject to
section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371c–
1) as if the counterparty were an affiliate of the banking
entity.