124 STAT. 1454         PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

     (D) the likely disruptive effect of the determination
and such action on the reasonable expectations of creditors, 
counterparties, and shareholders, taking into account the
impact any action under this title would have on financial
stability in the United States, including whether the rights
of such parties will be disrupted.

(d) CORPORATION POLICIES AND PROCEDURES.—As soon as is
practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Corporation
shall establish policies and procedures that are acceptable to the
Secretary governing the use of funds available to the Corporation
to carry out this title, including the terms and conditions for the
provision and use of funds under sections 204(d), 210(h)(2)(G)(iv),
and 210(h)(9).

(e) TREATMENT OF INSURANCE COMPANIES AND INSURANCE COM-
PANY SUBSIDIARIES.—

     (1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding subsection (b), if an
insurance company is a covered financial company or a sub-
sidiary or affiliate of a covered financial company, the liquida-
tion or rehabilitation of such insurance company, and any sub-
sidiary or affiliate of such company that is not excepted under
paragraph (2), shall be conducted as provided under applicable
State law.

     (2) EXCEPTION FOR SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES.—The
requirement of paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to
any subsidiary or affiliate of an insurance company that is
not itself an insurance company.

     (3) BACKUP AUTHORITY.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1),
with respect to a covered financial company described in para-
graph (1), if, after the end of the 60-day period beginning on
the date on which a determination is made under section
202(a) with respect to such company, the appropriate regulatory
agency has not filed the appropriate judicial action in the
appropriate State court to place such company into orderly
liquidation under the laws and requirements of the State, the
Corporation shall have the authority to stand in the place
of the appropriate regulatory agency and file the appropriate
judicial action in the appropriate State court to place such
company into orderly liquidation under the laws and require-
ments of the State.

12 USC 5384. SEC. 204. ORDERLY LIQUIDATION OF COVERED FINANCIAL COMPA-
                                      NIES.

     (a) PURPOSE OF ORDERLY LIQUIDATION AUTHORITY. -- It is the
purpose of this title to provide the necessary authority to liquidate
failing financial companies that pose a significant risk to the finan-
cial stability of the United States in a manner that mitigates
such risk and minimizes moral hazard. The authority provided
in this title shall be exercised in the manner that best fulfills
such purpose, so that—

            (1) creditors and shareholders will bear the losses of the 
     financial company;

            (2) management responsible for the condition of the finan-
     cial company will not be retained; and

            (3) the Corporation and other appropriate agencies will
     take all steps necessary and appropriate to assure that all
     parties, including management, directors, and third parties,
     having responsibility for the condition of the financial company