124 STAT. 1536           PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

                              relating to property transferred to the Office of the Comptroller
                              of the Currency or the Corporation by this section shall be trans-
                              ferred to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the
                              Corporation, as appropriate, together with the property to which
                              it relates.
                                 (d) PRESERVATION OF PROPERTY.—Property identified for
                              transfer under this section shall not be altered, destroyed, or deleted
                              before transfer under this section.
12 USC 5434.     SEC. 324. FUNDS TRANSFERRED.
                                The funds that, on the day before the transfer date, the Director
                              of the Office of Thrift Supervision (in consultation with the Comp-
                              troller of the Currency, the Chairperson of the Corporation, and
                              the Chairman of the Board of Governors) determines are not nec-
                              essary to dispose of the affairs of the Office of Thrift Supervision
                              under section 325 and are available to the Office of Thrift Super-
                              vision to pay the expenses of the Office of Thrift Supervision—
                                            (1) relating to the functions of the Office of Thrift Super-
                                     vision transferred under section 312(b)(2)(B), shall be trans-
                                       ferred to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on
                                       the transfer date;
                                            (2) relating to the functions of the Office of Thrift Super-
                                       vision transferred under section 312(b)(2)(C), shall be trans-
                                       ferred to the Corporation on the transfer date; and
                                    (3) relating to the functions of the Office of Thrift Super-
                                 vision transferred under section 312(b)(1)(A), shall be trans-
                                 ferred to the Board of Governors on the transfer date.
Time periods.      SEC. 325. DISPOSITION OF AFFAIRS.
12 USC 5435.                 (a) AUTHORITY OF DIRECTOR.—During the 90-day period begin-
                              ning on the transfer date, the Director of the Office of Thrift
                              Supervision—
                                     (1) shall, solely for the purpose of winding up the affairs
                              of the Office of Thrift Supervision relating to any function
                              transferred to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
                              the Corporation, or the Board of Governors under this title—
                                           (A) manage the employees of the Office of Thrift Super-
                                     vision who have not yet been transferred and provide for
                                     the payment of the compensation and benefits of the
                                     employees that accrue before the date on which the
                                     employees are transferred under this title; and
                                           (B) manage any property of the Office of Thrift Super-
                                     vision, until the date on which the property is transferred
                                     under section 323; and
                                     (2) may take any other action necessary to wind up the
                              affairs of the Office of Thrift Supervision.
                              (b) STATUS OF DIRECTOR.—
                                     (1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding the transfer of functions
                              under this subtitle, during the 90-day period beginning on
                              the transfer date, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision
                              shall retain and may exercise any authority vested in the
                              Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision on the day before
                              the transfer date, only to the extent necessary—
                                          (A) to wind up the Office of Thrift Supervision; and
                                           (B) to carry out the transfer under this subtitle during
                                     such 90-day period.