124 STAT. 2222		PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

Web posting.

“(A) IN GENERAL.—To the extent practicable, the Commission shall make available online, to the public, a compilation of the information required to be submitted under the rules issued under paragraph (2)(A).

“(B) OTHER INFORMATION.—Nothing in this paragraph shall require the Commission to make available online information other than the information required to be submitted under the rules issued under paragraph (2)(A).

‘‘(4) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission such sums as may be necessary to carry out this subsection.”.

SEC. 1505. STUDY BY THE COMPTROLLER GENERAL.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report assessing the relative independence, effective-ness, and expertise of presidentially appointed inspectors general and inspectors general of designated Federal entities, as such term is defined under section 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1978, and the effects on independence of the amendments to the Inspector General Act of 1978 made by this Act.

(b) REPORT.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be issued to the Committees on Financial Services and Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.

SEC. 1506. STUDY ON CORE DEPOSITS AND BROKERED DEPOSITS.

(a) STUDY.—The Corporation shall conduct a study to evaluate—
(1) the definition of core deposits for the purpose of calcu-lating the insurance premiums of banks;
(2) the potential impact on the Deposit Insurance Fund of revising the definitions of brokered deposits and core deposits to better distinguish between them;
(3) an assessment of the differences between core deposits and brokered deposits and their role in the economy and banking sector of the United States;
(4) the potential stimulative effect on local economies of redefining core deposits; and
(5) the competitive parity between large institutions and community banks that could result from redefining core deposits. (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study under sub-section (a) that includes legislative recommendations, if any, to address concerns arising in connection with the definitions of core deposits and brokered deposits.