PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 2015

directly and specifically regulates the manner, content, or terms
and conditions of any financial transaction (as may be author-
ized for national banks to engage in), or any account related
thereto, with respect to a consumer.
‘‘(3) OTHER DEFINITIONS.—The terms ‘affiliate’, ‘subsidiary’,
‘includes’, and ‘including’ have the same meanings as in section
3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
‘‘(b) PREEMPTION STANDARD.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—State consumer financial laws are pre-
empted, only if—
‘‘(A) application of a State consumer financial law
would have a discriminatory effect on national banks, in
comparison with the effect of the law on a bank chartered
by that State;
‘‘(B) in accordance with the legal standard for preemp-
tion in the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in Barnett Bank of Marion County, N. A. v. Nelson,
Florida Insurance Commissioner, et al., 517 U.S. 25 (1996),
the State consumer financial law prevents or significantly
interferes with the exercise by the national bank of its
powers; and any preemption determination under this
subparagraph may be made by a court, or by regulation
or order of the Comptroller of the Currency on a case-
by-case basis, in accordance with applicable law; or
‘‘(C) the State consumer financial law is preempted
by a provision of Federal law other than this title.
‘‘(2) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—This title and section 24 of the
Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371) do not preempt, annul,
or affect the applicability of any State law to any subsidiary
or affiliate of a national bank (other than a subsidiary or
affiliate that is chartered as a national bank).
‘‘(3) CASE-BY-CASE BASIS.—
‘‘(A) DEFINITION.—As used in this section the term
‘case-by-case basis’ refers to a determination pursuant to
this section made by the Comptroller concerning the impact
of a particular State consumer financial law on any national
bank that is subject to that law, or the law of any other
State with substantively equivalent terms.
‘‘(B) CONSULTATION.—When making a determination
on a case-by-case basis that a State consumer financial
law of another State has substantively equivalent terms
as one that the Comptroller is preempting, the Comptroller
shall first consult with the Bureau of Consumer Financial
Protection and shall take the views of the Bureau into
account when making the determination.
‘‘(4) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—This title does not occupy
the field in any area of State law.
‘‘(5) STANDARDS OF REVIEW.—
‘‘(A) PREEMPTION.—A court reviewing any determina-
tions made by the Comptroller regarding preemption of
a State law by this title or section 24 of the Federal
Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371) shall assess the validity of
such determinations, depending upon the thoroughness evi-
dent in the consideration of the agency, the validity of
the reasoning of the agency, the consistency with other
valid determinations made by the agency, and other factors