PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010	124 STAT. 1713

‘‘(2) DUAL REGISTRATION.—Any person that is registered as a swap execution facility under this section shall register with the Commission regardless of whether the person also is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a swap execution facility.
‘‘(b) TRADING AND TRADE PROCESSING.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as specified in paragraph (2), a swap execution facility that is registered under subsection (a) may—
‘‘(A) make available for trading any swap; and
‘‘(B) facilitate trade processing of any swap.
‘‘(2) AGRICULTURAL SWAPS.—A swap execution facility may not list for trading or confirm the execution of any swap in an agricultural commodity (as defined by the Commission) except pursuant to a rule or regulation of the Commission allowing the swap under such terms and conditions as the Commission shall prescribe.
‘‘(c) IDENTIFICATION OF FACILITY USED TO TRADE SWAPS BY CONTRACT MARKETS.—A board of trade that operates a contract market shall, to the extent that the board of trade also operates a swap execution facility and uses the same electronic trade execution system for listing and executing trades of swaps on or through the contract market and the swap execution facility, identify whether the electronic trading of such swaps is taking place on or through the contract market or the swap execution facility.
‘‘(d) RULE-WRITING.—
‘‘(1) The Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission may promulgate rules defining the universe of swaps that can be executed on a swap execution facility. These rules shall take into account the price and nonprice requirements of the counterparties to a swap and the goal of this section as set forth in subsection (e).
‘‘(2) For all swaps that are not required to be executed through a swap execution facility as defined in paragraph (1), such trades may be executed through any other available means of interstate commerce.
‘‘(3) The Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall update these rules as necessary to account for technological and other innovation.
‘‘(e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—The goal of this section is to promote the trading of swaps on swap execution facilities and to promote pre-trade price transparency in the swaps market.
‘‘(f) CORE PRINCIPLES FOR SWAP EXECUTION FACILITIES.—
‘‘(1) COMPLIANCE WITH CORE PRINCIPLES.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—To be registered, and maintain registration, as a swap execution facility, the swap execution facility shall comply with—
‘‘(i) the core principles described in this subsection; and
‘‘(ii) any requirement that the Commission may impose by rule or regulation pursuant to section 8a(5).
‘‘(B) REASONABLE DISCRETION OF SWAP EXECUTION FACILITY.—Unless otherwise determined by the Commission by rule or regulation, a swap execution facility