124 STAT. 1696           PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

execution facility or board of trade designated as a contract market
that posts swaps or makes swaps available for trading.

SEC. 727. PUBLIC REPORTING OF SWAP TRANSACTION DATA.

Section 2(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a))
is amended by adding at the end the following:
    ‘‘(13) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF SWAP TRANSACTION DATA.—
            ‘‘(A) DEFINITION OF REAL-TIME PUBLIC REPORTING.—
            In this paragraph, the term ‘real-time public reporting’
            means to report data relating to a swap transaction,
            including price and volume, as soon as technologically prac-
            ticable after the time at which the swap transaction has
            been executed.
            ‘‘(B) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section is to
            authorize the Commission to make swap transaction and
            pricing data available to the public in such form and at
            such times as the Commission determines appropriate to
            enhance price discovery.
            ‘‘(C) GENERAL RULE.—The Commission is authorized
            and required to provide by rule for the public availability
            of swap transaction and pricing data as follows:
                ‘‘(i) With respect to those swaps that are subject
                to the mandatory clearing requirement described in
                subsection (h)(1) (including those swaps that are
                excepted from the requirement pursuant to subsection
                (h)(7)), the Commission shall require real-time public
                reporting for such transactions.
                ‘‘(ii) With respect to those swaps that are not sub-
                ject to the mandatory clearing requirement described
                in subsection (h)(1), but are cleared at a registered
                derivatives clearing organization, the Commission shall
                require real-time public reporting for such trans-
                actions.
                ‘‘(iii) With respect to swaps that are not cleared
                at a registered derivatives clearing organization and
                which are reported to a swap data repository or the
                Commission under subsection (h)(6), the Commission
                shall require real-time public reporting for such trans-
                actions, in a manner that does not disclose the business
                transactions and market positions of any person.
                ‘‘(iv) With respect to swaps that are determined
                to be required to be cleared under subsection (h)(2)
                but are not cleared, the Commission shall require real-
                time public reporting for such transactions.
            ‘‘(D) REGISTERED ENTITIES AND PUBLIC REPORTING.—
            The Commission may require registered entities to publicly
            disseminate the swap transaction and pricing data required
            to be reported under this paragraph.
            ‘‘(E) RULEMAKING REQUIRED.—With respect to the rule
            providing for the public availability of transaction and
            pricing data for swaps described in clauses (i) and (ii)
            of subparagraph (C), the rule promulgated by the Commis-
            sion shall contain provisions—
                    ‘‘(i) to ensure such information does not identify
                    the participants;