124 STAT. 2006              PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices in connection with
any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product
or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product or service.
Rules under this section may include requirements for the purpose
of preventing such acts or practices.

(c) UNFAIRNESS.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau shall have no authority under
        this section to declare an act or practice in connection with
        a transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product
        or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product
        or service, to be unlawful on the grounds that such act or
        practice is unfair, unless the Bureau has a reasonable basis
        to conclude that—
           (A) the act or practice causes or is likely to cause
               substantial injury to consumers which is not reasonably
               avoidable by consumers; and
           (B) such substantial injury is not outweighed by
               countervailing benefits to consumers or to competition.
    (2) CONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC POLICIES.—In determining
        whether an act or practice is unfair, the Bureau may consider
        established public policies as evidence to be considered with
        all other evidence. Such public policy considerations may not
        serve as a primary basis for such determination.
        
(d) ABUSIVE.—The Bureau shall have no authority under this
section to declare an act or practice abusive in connection with
the provision of a consumer financial product or service, unless
the act or practice—
    (1) materially interferes with the ability of a consumer
        to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial
        product or service; or
    (2) takes unreasonable advantage of—
       (A) a lack of understanding on the part of the consumer
           of the material risks, costs, or conditions of the product
           or service;
       (B) the inability of the consumer to protect the interests
           of the consumer in selecting or using a consumer financial
           product or service; or
       (C) the reasonable reliance by the consumer on a cov-
           ered person to act in the interests of the consumer.
           
(e) CONSULTATION.—In prescribing rules under this section,
the Bureau shall consult with the Federal banking agencies, or
other Federal agencies, as appropriate, concerning the consistency
of the proposed rule with prudential, market, or systemic objectives
administered by such agencies.

(f) CONSIDERATION OF SEASONAL INCOME.—The rules of the
Bureau under this section shall provide, with respect to an extension
of credit secured by residential real estate or a dwelling, if docu-
mented income of the borrower, including income from a small
business, is a repayment source for an extension of credit secured
by residential real estate or a dwelling, the creditor may consider
the seasonality and irregularity of such income in the underwriting
and scheduling of payments for such credit.

SEC. 1032. DISCLOSURES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau may prescribe rules to ensure
    that the features of any consumer financial product or service,
    both initially and over the term of the product or service, are

12 USC 5532.