PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010 124 STAT. 1905

of the board of directors of the issuer, or any designee of such employee or member, is permitted to purchase financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds) that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of equity securities—
    ‘‘(1) granted to the employee or member of the board of directors by the issuer as part of the compensation of the employee or member of the board of directors; or
    ‘‘(2) held, directly or indirectly, by the employee or member of the board of directors.’’.

SEC. 956. ENHANCED COMPENSATION STRUCTURE REPORTING.
    (a) ENHANCED DISCLOSURE AND REPORTING OF COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this title, the appropriate Federal regulators jointly shall prescribe regulations or guidelines to require each covered financial institution to disclose to the appropriate Federal regulator the structures of all incentive-based compensation arrangements offered by such covered financial institutions sufficient to determine whether the compensation structure—
            (A) provides an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder of the covered financial institution with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits; or
            (B) could lead to material financial loss to the covered financial institution.
        (2) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring the reporting of the actual compensation of particular individuals. Nothing in this section shall be construed to require a covered financial institution that does not have an incentive-based payment arrangement to make the disclosures required under this subsection.
    (b) PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS.—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this title, the appropriate Federal regulators shall jointly prescribe regulations or guidelines that prohibit any types of incentive-based payment arrangement, or any feature of any such arrangement, that the regulators determine encourages inappropriate risks by covered financial institutions—
        (1) by providing an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder of the covered financial institution with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits; or
        (2) that could lead to material financial loss to the covered financial institution.
    (c) STANDARDS.—The appropriate Federal regulators shall—
        (1) ensure that any standards for compensation established under subsections (a) or (b) are comparable to the standards established under section of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831p–1) for insured depository institutions; and
        (2) in establishing such standards under such subsections, take into consideration the compensation standards described in section 39(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831p–1(c)).
    (d) ENFORCEMENT.—The provisions of this section and the regulations issued under this section shall be enforced under section 

12 USC 5641.

Deadline. Regulations.

Deadline. Regulations.