PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010
124 STAT. 1945

(h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $8,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2015.
SEC. 989B. DESIGNATED FEDERAL ENTITY INSPECTORS GENERAL INDEPENDENCE.

Section 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)(4)—
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the board or commission of the designated Federal entity, or in the event the designated Federal entity does not have a board or commission,’’ after ‘‘means’’;
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and
(C) by adding after subparagraph (B) the following:
‘‘(C) with respect to the Federal Labor Relations Authority, such term means the members of the Authority (described under section 7104 of title 5, United States Code);
‘‘(D) with respect to the National Archives and Records Administration, such term means the Archivist of the United States;
‘‘(E) with respect to the National Credit Union Administration, such term means the National Credit Union Administration Board (described under section 102 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752a));
‘‘(F) with respect to the National Endowment of the Arts, such term means the National Council on the Arts;
‘‘(G) with respect to the National Endowment for the Humanities, such term means the National Council on the Humanities; and
‘‘(H) with respect to the Peace Corps, such term means the Director of the Peace Corps;’’; and
(2) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘if the designated Federal entity is not a board or commission, include’’ after ‘‘designated Federal entities and’’.
SEC. 989C. STRENGTHENING INSPECTOR GENERAL ACCOUNTABILITY.

Section 5(a) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon;
(2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(14)(A) an appendix containing the results of any peer review conducted by another Office of Inspector General during the reporting period; or
‘‘(B) if no peer review was conducted within that reporting period, a statement identifying the date of the last peer review conducted by another Office of Inspector General;
‘‘(15) a list of any outstanding recommendations from any peer reviews conducted by another Office of Inspector General that have not been fully implemented, including a statement describing the status of the implementation and why implementation is not complete; and
‘‘(16) a list of any peer reviews conducted by the Inspector General of another Office of the Inspector General during the