124 STAT. 1402          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

threats posed by the nonbank financial company to the financial
stability of the United States.
                          (2) NOTICE.—The Council shall provide notice of a waiver
                        or modification under this subsection to the nonbank financial
                        company concerned as soon as practicable, but not later than
                        24 hours after the waiver or modification is granted.
Consultation. (3) INTERNATIONAL COORDINATION.—In making a deter-
                        mination under paragraph (1), the Council shall consult with
                        the appropriate home country supervisor, if any, of the foreign
                        nonbank financial company that is being considered for such
                        a determination.
                          (4) OPPORTUNITY FOR HEARING.—The Council shall allow
                        a nonbank financial company to request, in writing, an oppor-
                        tunity for a written or oral hearing before the Council to contest
                        a waiver or modification under this subsection, not later than
                        10 days after the date of receipt of notice of the waiver or
                        modification by the company. Upon receipt of a timely request,
                        the Council shall fix a time (not later than 15 days after
                        the date of receipt of the request) and place at which the
                        nonbank financial company may appear, personally or through
                        counsel, to submit written materials (or, at the sole discretion
                        of the Council, oral testimony and oral argument).
                          (5) NOTICE OF FINAL DETERMINATION.—Not later than 30
                        days after the date of any hearing under paragraph (4), the
                        Council shall notify the subject nonbank financial company
                        of the final determination of the Council under this subsection,
                        which shall contain a statement of the basis for the decision
                        of the Council.
                          (g) CONSULTATION.—The Council shall consult with the primary
                        financial regulatory agency, if any, for each nonbank financial com-
                        pany or subsidiary of a nonbank financial company that is being
                        considered for supervision by the Board of Governors under this
                        section before the Council makes any final determination with
                        respect to such nonbank financial company under subsection (a),
                        (b), or (c).
Deadline. (h) JUDICIAL REVIEW.—If the Council makes a final determina-
                        tion under this section with respect to a nonbank financial company,
                        such nonbank financial company may, not later than 30 days after
                        the date of receipt of the notice of final determination under sub-
                        section (d)(2), (e)(3), or (f)(5), bring an action in the United States
                        district court for the judicial district in which the home office
                        of such nonbank financial company is located, or in the United
                        States District Court for the District of Columbia, for an order
                        requiring that the final determination be rescinded, and the court
                        shall, upon review, dismiss such action or direct the final determina-
                        tion to be rescinded. Review of such an action shall be limited
                        to whether the final determination made under this section was
                        arbitrary and capricious.
Consultation. (i) INTERNATIONAL COORDINATION.—In exercising its duties
                        under this title with respect to foreign nonbank financial companies,
                        foreign-based bank holding companies, and cross-border activities
                        and markets, the Council shall consult with appropriate foreign
                        regulatory authorities, to the extent appropriate.