124 STAT. 1988		PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

of the risks posed to consumers in the relevant product markets and geographic markets, and taking into consideration, as applicable—
		(A) the asset size of the covered person;
		(B) the volume of transactions involving consumer 
		financial products or services in which the covered person 
		engages;
		(C) the risks to consumers created by the provision 
		of such consumer financial products or services;
		(D) the extent to which such institutions are subject 
		to oversight by State authorities for consumer protection;
		and
		(E) any other factors that the Bureau determines to 
		be relevant to a class of covered persons.
		(3)  COORDINATION.—To minimize regulatory burden, the 
	Bureau shall coordinate its supervisory activities with the 
	supervisory activities conducted by prudential regulators and 
	the State bank regulatory authorities, including establishing 
	their respective schedules for examining persons described in 
	subsection (a)(1) and requirements regarding reports to be sub 
	mitted by such persons.
	(4) USE OF EXISTING REPORTS.—The Bureau shall, to the 
	fullest extent possible, use—
		(A) reports pertaining to persons described in sub 
		section (a)(1) that have been provided or required to have 
		been provided to a Federal or State agency; and
		(B) information that has been reported publicly.
	(5) PRESERVATION OF AUTHORITY.— Nothing in this title 
	may be construed as limiting the authority of the Director 
	to require reports from persons described in subsection (a)(1), 
	as permitted under paragraph (1), regarding information owned 
	or under the control of such person, regardless of whether 
	such information is maintained, stored, or processed by another 
	person.
	(6)  REPORTS OF TAX LAW NONCOMPLIANCE.—The Bureau 
	shall provide the Commissioner of Internal Revenue with any 
	report of examination or related information identifying possible 
	tax law noncompliance.
	(7) REGISTRATION, RECORDKEEPING AND OTHER REQUIRE 
	MENTS FOR CERTAIN PERSONS.—
		(A)  IN GENERAL.—The Bureau shall prescribe rules 
		to facilitate supervision of persons described in subsection 
		(a)(1) and assessment and detection of risks to consumers.
		(B)  RECORDKEEPING.—The Bureau may require a per 
		son described in subsection (a)(1), to generate, provide, 
		or retain records for the purposes of facilitating supervision 
		of such persons and assessing and detecting risks to con 
		sumers.
		(C)  REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING OBLIGATIONS.—The 
		Bureau may prescribe rules regarding a person described 
		in subsection (a)(1), to ensure that such persons are legiti 
		mate entities and are able to perform their obligations 
		to consumers. Such requirements may include background 
		checks for principals, officers, directors, or key personnel 
		and bonding or other appropriate financial requirements.
Regulations.