124 STAT. 2058          PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

section, a financial institution may not include in such record the name, specific address (other than the census tract required under paragraph (1)(E)), telephone number, electronic mail address, or any other personally identifiable information concerning any individual who is, or is connected with, the women- owned, minority-owned, or small business loan applicant.
“(4) DISCRETION TO DELETE OR MODIFY PUBLICLY AVAILABLE DATA.—The Bureau may, at its discretion, delete or modify data collected under this section which is or will be available to the public, if the Bureau determines that the deletion or modification of the data would advance a privacy interest.
“(f) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION.—
“(1) SUBMISSION TO BUREAU.—The data required to be compiled and maintained under this section by any financial institution shall be submitted annually to the Bureau.
Deadline.
“(2) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION.—Information compiled and maintained under this section shall be—
“(A) retained for not less than 3 years after the date of preparation;
Time period.
“(B) made available to any member of the public, upon request, in the form required under regulations prescribed by the Bureau;
“(C) annually made available to the public generally by the Bureau, in such form and in such manner as is determined by the Bureau, by regulation.
“(3) COMPILATION OF AGGREGATE DATA.—The Bureau may, at its discretion—
“(A) compile and aggregate data collected under this section for its own use; and
“(B) make public such compilations of aggregate data.
“(g) BUREAU ACTION.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau shall prescribe such rules and issue such guidance as may be necessary to carry out, enforce, and compile data pursuant to this section.
“(2) EXCEPTIONS.—The Bureau, by rule or order, may adopt exceptions to any requirement of this section and may, conditionally or unconditionally, exempt any financial institution or class of financial institutions from the requirements of this section, as the Bureau deems necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section.
“(3) GUIDANCE.—The Bureau shall issue guidance designed to facilitate compliance with the requirements of this section, including assisting financial institutions in working with applicants to determine whether the applicants are women- owned, minority-owned, or small businesses for purposes of this section.
“(h) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section, the following definitions shall apply:
“(1) FINANCIAL INSTITUTION.—The term ‘financial institu- tion’ means any partnership, company, corporation, association (incorporated or unincorporated), trust, estate, cooperative organization, or other entity that engages in any financial activity.
“(2) SMALL BUSINESS.—The term ‘small business’ has the same meaning as the term ‘small business concern’ in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632).