PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1527

1813(q)(1), as the Comptroller determines is necessary or appropriate to carry out the responsibilities of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. In establishing the amount of an assessment, fee, or charge collected from an entity under this section, the Comptroller of the Currency may take into account the nature and scope of the activities of the entity, the amount and type of assets that the entity holds, the financial and managerial conditions of the entity, and any other factor, as the Comptroller of the Currency determines is appropriate. Funds derived from any assessment, fee, or charge collected or payment made pursuant to this section may be deposited by the Comptroller of the Currency in accordance with the provisions of section 5234. Such funds shall not be construed to be Government funds or appropriated monies, and shall not be subject to apportionment for purposes of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law. The authority of the Comptroller of the Currency under this section shall be in addition to the authority under section 5240.
    "The Comptroller of the Currency shall have sole authority to determine the manner in which the obligations of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency shall be incurred and its disbursements and expenses allowed and paid, in accordance with this section, except as provided in chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code (with respect to compensation).".

   (c) FUNDING OF BOARD OF GOVERNORS.—Section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248) is amended by adding at the end the following:
   "(s) ASSESSMENTS, FEES, AND OTHER CHARGES FOR CERTAIN COMPANIES.—
           "(1) IN GENERAL.—The Board shall collect a total amount of assessments, fees, or other charges from the companies described in paragraph (2) that is equal to the total expenses the Board estimates are necessary or appropriate to carry out the supervisory and regulatory responsibilities of the Board with respect to such companies.
           "(2) COMPANIES.—The companies described in this paragraph are—
                       "(A) all bank holding companies having total consolidated assets of $50,000,000,000 or more;
                       "(B) all savings and loan holding companies having total consolidated assets of $50,000,000,000 or more; and
                       "(C) all nonbank financial companies supervised by the Board under section 113 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.".
    (d) CORPORATION EXAMINATION FEES.—Section 10(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following:
           "(1) REGULAR AND SPECIAL EXAMINATIONS OF DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.—The cost of conducting any regular examinations or special examination of any depository institution under subsection (b)(2), (b)(3), or (d) or of any entity described in section 3(q)(2) may be assessed by the Corporation against the institution or entity to meet the expenses of the Corporation in carrying out such examinations.".
    (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect on the transfer date.

                                                                                                                     12 USC 16 note.