PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1417

activity or financial market in which the financial company participates, or the financial company itself, poses a threat to the financial stability of the United States.

(ii) MITIGATION OF REPORT BURDEN.—Before requiring the submission of a report from any financial company that is regulated by a member agency, any primary financial regulatory agency, a foreign supervisory authority, or the Office shall coordinate with such agencies or authority, and shall, whenever possible, rely on information available from such agencies or authority. 

(iii) COLLECTION OF FINANCIAL TRANSACTION AND POSITION DATA.—The Office shall collect, on a schedule determined by the Director, in consultation with the Council, financial transaction data and position data from financial companies.

(C) RULEMAKING.—The Office shall promulgate regulations pursuant to subsections (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(7), and (c)(1) of section 153 regarding the type and scope of the data to be collected by the Data Center under this paragraph.
(2) RESPONSIBILITIES.—
(A) PUBLICATION.—The Data Center shall prepare and publish, in a manner that is easily accessible to the public—
(i) a financial company reference database;
(ii) a financial instrument reference database; and
(iii) formats and standards for Office data, including standards for reporting financial transaction and position data to the Office.

(B) CONFIDENTIALITY.—The Data Center shall not publish any confidential data under subparagraph (A).

(3) INFORMATION SECURITY.—The Director shall ensure that data collected and maintained by the Data Center are kept secure and protected against unauthorized disclosure.

(4) CATALOG OF FINANCIAL ENTITIES AND INSTRUMENTS.—The Data Center shall maintain a catalog of the financial entities and instruments reported to the Office.

(5) AVAILABILITY TO THE COUNCIL AND MEMBER AGENCIES.—The Data Center shall make data collected and maintained by the Data Center available to the Council and member agencies, as necessary to support their regulatory responsibilities.

(6) OTHER AUTHORITY.—The Office shall, after consultation with the member agencies, provide certain data to financial industry participants and to the general public to increase market transparency and facilitate research on the financial system, to the extent that intellectual property rights are not violated, business confidential information is properly protected, and the sharing of such information poses no significant threats to the financial system of the United States.

(c) RESEARCH AND ANALYSIS CENTER.—
(1) GENERAL DUTIES.—The Research and Analysis Center, on behalf of the Council, shall develop and maintain independent analytical capabilities and computing resources—
(A) to develop and maintain metrics and reporting systems for risks to the financial stability of the United States;