PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1541

(1) continue to operate any branch or agency that the savings association operated immediately before the savings association became a bank; and 
(2) establish, acquire, and operate additional branches and agencies at any location within any State in which the savings association operated a branch immediately before the savings association became a bank, if the law of the State in which the branch is located, or is to be located, would permit establish- ment of the branch if the bank were a State bank chartered by such State.

SEC. 342. OFFICE OF MINORITY AND WOMEN INCLUSION.
(a) OFFICE OF MINORITY AND WOMEN INCLUSION.—

(1) ESTABLISHMENT—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), not later than 6 months after the date of enactment 
of this Act, each agency shall establish an Office of Minority and Women Inclusion that shall be responsible for all mat- ters of the agency relating to diversity in management, employment, and business activities. 

(B) BUREAU.—The Bureau shall establish an Office of Minority and Women Inclusion not later than 6 months after the designated transfer date established under section 
1062.

(2) TRANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITIES.—Each agency that, on 
the day before the date of enactment of this Act, assigned 
the responsibilities described in paragraph (1) (or comparable 
responsibilities) to another office of the agency shall ensure 
that such responsibilities are transferred to the Office.

(3) DUTIES WITH RESPECT TO CIVIL RIGHTS LAWS.—The 
responsibilities described in paragraph (1) do not include 
enforcement of statutes, regulations, or executive orders per- 
taining to civil rights, except each Director shall coordinate with the agency administrator, or the designee of the agency administrator, regarding the design and implementation of any remedies resulting from violations of such statutes, regulations, or executive orders.
(b) DIRECTOR.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of each Office shall be 
appointed by, and shall report to, the agency administrator. 
The position of Director shall be a career reserved position 

in the Senior Executive Service, as that position is defined 
in section 3132 of title 5, United States Code, or an equivalent designation.

(2) DUTIES.—Each Director shall develop standards for—
(A) equal employment opportunity and the racial, ethnic, and gender diversity of the workforce and senior management of the agency; 

(B) increased participation of minority-owned and 
women-owned businesses in the programs and contracts 
of the agency, including standards for coordinating tech- 
nical assistance to such businesses; and

(C) assessing the diversity policies and practices of 
entities regulated by the agency.

(3) OTHER DUTIES.—Each Director shall advise the agency administrator on the impact of the policies and regulations of the agency on minority-owned and women-owned businesses.
