PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(B) the gravity of the violation or failure to pay;
(C) the severity of the risks to or losses of the consumer, which may take into account the number of products or services sold or provided;
(D) the history of previous violations; and
(E) such other matters as justice may require.
(4) AUTHORITY TO MODIFY OR REMIT PENALTY.—The Bureau may compromise, modify, or remit any penalty which may be assessed or had already been assessed under paragraph (2). The amount of such penalty, when finally determined, shall be exclusive of any sums owed by the person to the United States in connection with the costs of the proceeding, and may be deducted from any sums owing by the United States to the person charged.
(5) NOTICE AND HEARING.—No civil penalty may be assessed under this subsection with respect to a violation of any Federal consumer financial law, unless—
(A) the Bureau gives notice and an opportunity for a hearing to the person accused of the violation; or
(B) the appropriate court has ordered such assessment and entered judgment in favor of the Bureau.

SEC. 1056. REFERRALS FOR CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS.

If the Bureau obtains evidence that any person, domestic or foreign, has engaged in conduct that may constitute a violation of Federal criminal law, the Bureau shall transmit such evidence to the Attorney General of the United States, who may institute criminal proceedings under appropriate law. Nothing in this section affects any other authority of the Bureau to disclose information.

SEC. 1057. EMPLOYEE PROTECTION.

(a) IN GENERAL.—No covered person or service provider shall terminate or in any other way discriminate against, or cause to be terminated or discriminated against, any covered employee or any authorized representative of covered employees by reason of the fact that such employee or representative, whether at the initiative of the employee or in the ordinary course of the duties of the employee (or any person acting pursuant to a request of the employee), has—
(1) provided, caused to be provided, or is about to provide or cause to be provided, information to the employer, the Bureau, or any other State, local, or Federal, government authority or law enforcement agency relating to any violation of, or any act or omission that the employee reasonably believes to be a violation of, any provision of this title or any other provision of law that is subject to the jurisdiction of the Bureau, or any rule, order, standard, or prohibition prescribed by the Bureau;
(2) testified or will testify in any proceeding resulting from the administration or enforcement of any provision of this title or any other provision of law that is subject to the jurisdiction of the Bureau, or any rule, order, standard, or prohibition prescribed by the Bureau;
(3) filed, instituted, or caused to be filed or instituted any proceeding under any Federal consumer financial law; or
(4) objected to, or refused to participate in, any activity, policy, practice, or assigned task that the employee (or other such person) reasonably believed to be in violation of any law,