124 STAT. 1966

PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

(B) appoint, direct, or remove any officer or employee of the Bureau; or
(C) merge or consolidate the Bureau, or any of the functions or responsibilities of the Bureau, with any division or office of the Board of Governors or the Federal reserve banks.

(3) RULES AND ORDERS.—No rule or order of the Bureau shall be subject to approval or review by the Board of Governors. The Board of Governors may not delay or prevent the issuance of any rule or order of the Bureau.

(4) RECOMMENDATIONS AND TESTIMONY.—No officer or agency of the United States shall have any authority to require the Director or any other officer of the Bureau to submit legislative recommendations, or testimony or comments on legislation, to any officer or agency of the United States for approval, comments, or review prior to the submission of such recommendations, testimony, or comments to the Congress, if such recommendations, testimony, or comments to the Congress include a statement indicating that the views expressed therein are those of the Director or such officer, and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Board of Governors or the President.

(5) CLARIFICATION OF AUTONOMY OF THE BUREAU IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.—The Bureau shall not be liable under any provision of law for any action or inaction of the Board of Governors, and the Board of Governors shall not be liable under any provision of law for any action or inaction of the Bureau.

12 USC 5493. SEC. 1013. ADMINISTRATION.

(a) PERSONNEL.—
(1) APPOINTMENT.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Director may fix the number of, and appoint and direct, all employees of the Bureau, in accordance with the applicable provisions of title 5, United States Code.
(B) EMPLOYEES OF THE BUREAU.—The Director is authorized to employ attorneys, compliance examiners, compliance supervision analysts, economists, statisticians, and other employees as may be deemed necessary to conduct the business of the Bureau. Unless otherwise provided expressly by law, any individual appointed under this section shall be an employee as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, and subject to the provisions of such title and other laws generally applicable to the employees of an Executive agency.
(C) WAIVER AUTHORITY.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—In making any appointment under subparagraph (A), the Director may waive the requirements of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, and the regulations implementing such chapter, to the extent necessary to appoint employees on terms and conditions that are consistent with those set forth in section 11(1) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(1)), while providing for—
(I) fair, credible, and transparent methods of establishing qualification requirements for, recruitment for, and appointments to positions;

