124 STAT. 2132        PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

    ‘‘(A) may not be used by such institution to provide
direct loans to consumers;
    ‘‘(B) may be used by such institution to help recapture
a portion or all of a defaulted loan made under the small
dollar loan program of such institution; and
    ‘‘(C) may be used to designate and utilize a fiscal
agent for services normally provided by such an agent.
    ‘‘(4) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS.—The Fund shall make
technical assistance grants to community development financial
institutions or any partnership between or among such institu-
tions to support and maintain a small dollar loan program.
Any grant amounts received under this paragraph may be
used for technology, staff support, and other costs associated
with establishing a small dollar loan program.
    ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section—
        ‘‘(1) the term ‘consumer reporting agency that compiles
and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis’ has
the same meaning given such term in section 603(p) of the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a(p)); and
        ‘‘(2) the term ‘small dollar loan program’ means a loan
program wherein a community development financial institu-
tion or any partnership between or among such institutions
offers loans to consumers that—
            ‘‘(A) are made in amounts not exceeding $2,500;
            ‘‘(B) must be repaid in installments;
            ‘‘(C) have no pre-payment penalty;
            ‘‘(D) the institution has to report repayment regarding
the loan to at least 1 of the consumer reporting agencies
that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nation-
wide basis; and
            ‘‘(E) meet any other affordability requirements as may
be established by the Administrator.’’.

Application.
 12 USC 5625.
SEC. 1207. PROCEDURAL PROVISIONS.
An eligible entity desiring to participate in a program or obtain
a grant under this title shall submit an application to the Secretary,
in such form and containing such information as the Secretary
may require.
12 USC 5626.
SEC. 1208. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
    (a) AUTHORIZATION TO THE SECRETARY.—There are authorized
to be appropriated to the Secretary, such sums as are necessary
to both administer and fund the programs and projects authorized
by this title, to remain available until expended.
    (b) AUTHORIZATION TO THE FUND.—There is authorized to be
appropriated to the Fund for each fiscal year beginning in fiscal
year 2010, an amount equal to the amount of the administrative
costs of the Fund for the operation of the grant program established
under this title.
12 USC 5627.
SEC. 1209. REGULATIONS.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary is authorized to promulgate
regulations to implement and administer the grant programs and
undertakings authorized by this title.
    (b) REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—Regulations prescribed under
this section may contain such classifications, differentiations, or
other provisions, and may provide for such adjustments and excep-
tions for any class of grant programs, undertakings, or eligible