PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

(2) OTHER PROVISIONS.—For purposes of paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision shall, during the 90-day period beginning on the transfer date, continue to be—
(A) treated as an officer of the United States; and
(B) entitled to receive compensation at the same annual rate of basic pay that the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision received on the day before the transfer date.

SEC. 326. CONTINUATION OF SERVICES.

12 USC 5436.
Any agency, department, or other instrumentality of the United States, and any successor to any such agency, department, or instrumentality, that was, before the transfer date, providing support services to the Office of Thrift Supervision in connection with functions transferred to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Corporation or the Board of Governors under this title, shall—
(1) continue to provide such services, subject to reimbursement by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Corporation, or the Board of Governors, until the transfer of functions under this title is complete; and
(2) consult with the Comptroller of the Currency, the Chairperson of the Corporation, or the Chairman of the Board of Governors, as appropriate, to coordinate and facilitate a prompt and orderly transition.

Consultation.

SEC. 327. IMPLEMENTATION PLAN AND REPORTS.

12 USC 5437.
(a) PLAN SUBMISSION.—Within 180 days of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Board of Governors, the Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Office of Thrift Supervision, shall jointly submit a plan to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Inspectors General of the Department of the Treasury, the Corporation, and the Board of Governors detailing the steps the Board of Governors, the Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Office of Thrift Supervision will take to implement the provisions of sections 301 through 326, and the provisions of the amendments made by such sections.

(b) INSPECTORS GENERAL REVIEW OF THE PLAN.—Within 60 days of receiving the plan required under subsection (a), the Inspectors General of the Department of the Treasury, the Corporation, and the Board of Governors shall jointly provide a written report to the Board of Governors, the Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Office of Thrift Supervision and shall submit a copy to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives detailing whether the plan conforms with the provisions of sections 301 through 326, and the provisions of the amendments made by such sections, including—
(1) whether the plan sufficiently takes into consideration the orderly transfer of personnel;
(2) whether the plan describes procedures and safeguards to ensure that the Office of Thrift Supervision employees are not unfairly disadvantaged relative to employees of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Corporation;