PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010
124 STAT. 1979

(2) PAYMENT TO VICTIMS.—Amounts in the Civil Penalty Fund shall be available to the Bureau, without fiscal year limitation, for payments to the victims of activities for which civil penalties have been imposed under the Federal consumer financial laws. To the extent that such victims cannot be located or such payments are otherwise not practicable, the Bureau may use such funds for the purpose of consumer education and financial literacy programs.
(e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS; ANNUAL REPORT.—
(1) DETERMINATION REGARDING NEED FOR APPROPRIATED FUNDS.—

    (A) IN GENERAL.—The Director is authorized to determine that sums available to the Bureau under this section will not be sufficient to carry out the authorities of the Bureau under Federal consumer financial law for the upcoming year.

    (B) REPORT REQUIRED.—When making a determination under subparagraph (A), the Director shall prepare a report regarding the funding of the Bureau, including the assets and liabilities of the Bureau, and the extent to which the funding needs of the Bureau are anticipated to exceed the level of the amount set forth in subsection (a)(2). The Director shall submit the report to the President and to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.

(2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—If the Director makes the determination and submits the report pursuant to paragraph (1), there are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Bureau, for the purposes of carrying out the authorities granted in Federal consumer financial law, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014.

(3) APPORTIONMENT.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts in paragraph (2) shall be subject to apportionment under section 1517 of title 31, United States Code, and restrictions that generally apply to the use of appropriated funds in title 31, United States Code, and other laws.

(4) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Director shall prepare and submit a report, on an annual basis, to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives regarding the financial operating plans and forecasts of the Director, the financial condition and results of operations of the Bureau, and the sources and application of funds of the Bureau, including any funds appropriated in accordance with this subsection.

SEC. 1018. EFFECTIVE DATE.
This subtitle shall become effective on the date of enactment of this Act.

Subtitle B—General Powers of the Bureau

SEC. 1021. PURPOSE, OBJECTIVES, AND FUNCTIONS.

(a) PURPOSE.—The Bureau shall seek to implement and, where applicable, enforce Federal consumer financial law consistently for the purpose of ensuring that all consumers have access to markets