124 STAT. 2034                PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

whom the order is issued, a sum equal to the aggregate 
amount of all costs and expenses (including attorney 
fees and expert witness fees) reasonably incurred, as 
determined by the Secretary of Labor, by the complainant 
for, or in connection with, the bringing of the 
complaint upon which the order was issued.
(C) PENALTY FOR FRIVOLOUS CLAIMS.— If the Secretary 
of Labor finds that a complaint under paragraph (1) is 
frivolous or has been brought in bad faith, the Secretary 
of Labor may award to the prevailing employer a reasonable attorney fee, not exceeding $1,000, to be paid by 
the complainant.
(D) DE NOVO REVIEW.—
    (i) FAILURE OF THE SECRETARY TO ACT.— If the 
    Secretary of Labor has not issued a final order within 
    210 days after the date of filing of a complaint under 
    this subsection, or within 90 days after the date of 
    receipt of a written determination, the complainant 
    may bring an action at law or equity for de novo 
    review in the appropriate district court of the United 
    States having jurisdiction, which shall have jurisdiction 
    over such an action without regard to the amount 
    in controversy, and which action shall, at the request 
    of either party to such action, be tried by the court 
    with a jury.
    (ii) PROCEDURES.— A proceeding under clause (i) 
    shall be governed by the same legal burdens of proof 
    specified in paragraph (3). The court shall have jurisdiction to grant all relief necessary to make the 
    employee whole, including injunctive relief and 
    compensatory damages, including—
        (I) reinstatement with the same seniority 
        status that the employee would have had, but 
        for the discharge or discrimination;
        (II) the amount of back pay, with interest; 
        and
        (III) compensation for any special damages 
        sustained as a result of the discharge or discrimi-
        nation, including litigation costs, expert witness 
        fees, and reasonable attorney fees.
(E) OTHER APPEALS.— Unless the complainant brings 
an action under subparagraph (D), any person adversely 
affected or aggrieved by a final order issued under subparagraph (A) may file a petition for review of the order in 
the United States Court of Appeals for the circuit in which 
the violation with respect to which the order was issued, 
allegedly occurred or the circuit in which the complainant 
resided on the date of such violation, not later than 60 
days after the date of the issuance of the final order of 
the Secretary of Labor under subparagraph (A). Review 
shall conform to chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. 
The commencement of proceedings under this subparagraph shall not, unless ordered by the court, operate as 
a stay of the order. An order of the Secretary of Labor 
with respect to which review could have been obtained 
under this subparagraph shall not be subject to judicial 
review in any criminal or other civil proceeding.