124 STAT. 2156                        PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

    “(G) The names, addresses, telephone numbers, and
 Internet addresses of counseling agencies or programs
 reasonably available to the consumer that have been cer-
 tified or approved and made publicly available by the Sec-
 retary of Housing and Urban Development or a State
 housing finance authority (as defined in section 1301 of
 the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforce-
 ment Act of 1989).
    “(H) Such other information as the Board may pre-
 scribe in regulations.
     “(2) DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF STANDARD FORM.—The
 Board shall develop and prescribe a standard form for the
 disclosure required under this subsection, taking into account
 that the statements required may be transmitted in writing
 or electronically.
     “(3) EXCEPTION.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any fixed
 rate residential mortgage loan where the creditor, assignee,
 or servicer provides the obligor with a coupon book that provides
 the obligor with substantially the same information as required
 in paragraph (1).”.

SEC. 1421. REPORT BY THE GAO.
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—The Comptroller General of the United
States shall conduct a study to determine the effects the enactment
of this Act will have on the availability and affordability of credit
for consumers, small businesses, homebuyers, and mortgage
lending, including the effect—
    (1) on the mortgage market for mortgages that are not
 within the safe harbor provided in the amendments made by
 this subtitle;
    (2) on the ability of prospective homebuyers to obtain
 financing;
    (3) on the ability of homeowners facing resets or adjust-
 ments to refinance —for example, do they have fewer refi-
 nancing options due to the unavailability of certain loan prod-
 ucts that were available before the enactment of this Act;
    (4) on minorities’ ability to access affordable credit com-
 pared with other prospective borrowers;
    (5) on home sales and construction;
    (6) of extending the rescission right, if any, on adjustable
 rate loans and its impact on litigation;
    (7) of State foreclosure laws and, if any, an investor’s
 ability to transfer a property after foreclosure;
    (8) of expanding the existing provisions of the Home Owner-
 ship and Equity Protection Act of 1994;
    (9) of prohibiting prepayment penalties on high-cost mort-
 gages; and
    (10) of establishing counseling services under the Depart-
ment of Housing and Urban Development and offered through
the Office of Housing Counseling.

(b) REPORT.—Before the end of the 1-year period beginning
on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General
shall submit a report to the Congress containing the findings and
conclusions of the Comptroller General with respect to the study
conducted pursuant to subsection (a).

(c) EXAMINATION RELATED TO CERTAIN CREDIT RISK RETENTION
PROVISIONS.—The report required by subsection (b) shall also