124 STAT. 1542          PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

        (4) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in paragraph (2)(C) 
        may be construed to mandate any requirement on or otherwise 
        affect the lending policies and practices of any regulated entity, 
        or to require any specific action based on the findings of the 
        assessment.
        (c) INCLUSION IN ALL LEVELS OF BUSINESS ACTIVITIES.—
            (1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of each Office shall develop
            and implement standards and procedures to ensure, to the 
            maximum extent possible, the fair inclusion and utilization 
            of minorities, women, and minority-owned and women-owned 
            businesses in all business and activities of the agency at all 
            levels, including in procurement, insurance, and all types of 
            contracts.
            (2) CONTRACTS.—The procedures established by each 
            agency for review and evaluation of contract proposals and 
            for hiring service providers shall include, to the extent con-
            sistent with applicable law, a component that gives consider-
            ation to the diversity of the applicant. Such procedure shall 
            include a written statement, in a form and with such content 
            as the Director shall prescribe, that a contractor shall ensure,
            to the maximum extent possible, the fair inclusion of women
            and minorities in the workforce of the contractor and, as 
            applicable, subcontractors.
            (3) TERMINATION.—
                (A) DETERMINATION.—The standards and procedures 
                developed and implemented under this subsection shall 
                include a procedure for the Director to make a determina-
                tion whether an agency contractor, and, as applicable, a 
                subcontractor has failed to make a good faith effort to 
                include minorities and women in their workforce.
                (B) EFFECT OF DETERMINATION.—
                     (i) RECOMMENDATION TO AGENCY ADMINIS-
                    TRATOR.—Upon a determination described in subpara-
                    graph (A), the Director shall make a recommendation 
                    to the agency administrator that the contract be termi-
                    nated.
                     (ii) ACTION BY AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR.—Upon 
                    receipt of a recommendation under clause (i), the 
                    agency administrator may—
                         (I) terminate the contract;
                         (II) make a referral to the Office of Federal 
                         Contract Compliance Programs of the Department 
                         of Labor; or
                         (III) take other appropriate action.
        (d) APPLICABILITY.—This section shall apply to all contracts 
        of an agency for services of any kind, including the services of 
        financial institutions, investment banking firms, mortgage banking 
        firms, asset management firms, brokers, dealers, financial services 
        entities, underwriters, accountants, investment consultants, and 
        providers of legal services. The contracts referred to in this sub-
        section include all contracts for all business and activities of an 
        agency, at all levels, including contracts for the issuance or guar-
        antee of any debt, equity, or security, the sale of assets, the manage-
        ment of the assets of the agency, the making of equity investments 
        by the agency, and the implementation by the agency of programs 
        to address economic recovery.