124 STAT. 2196        PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010


        (2) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following 
       new subsection: 
     ‘‘(e) MINIMUM QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS.—Any require-
ments established for individuals in the position of ‘Trainee 
Appraiser’ and ‘Supervisory Appraiser’ shall meet or exceed the 
minimum qualification requirements of the Appraiser Qualifications 
Board of The Appraisal Foundation. The Appraisal Subcommittee 
shall have the authority to enforce these requirements.’’.

     (k) MONITORING OF STATE APPRAISER CERTIFYING AND 
LICENSING AGENCIES.—Section 1118 of the Financial Institutions 
Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 3347) 
is amended—
       (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows:
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Appraisal Subcommittee shall monitor 
each State appraiser certifying and licensing agency for the pur-
poses of determining whether such agency—
       ‘‘(1) has policies, practices, funding, staffing, and procedures 
       that are consistent with this title;
       ‘‘(2) processes complaints and completes investigations in 
       a reasonable time period;
       ‘‘(3) appropriately disciplines sanctioned appraisers and 
       appraisal management companies;
       ‘‘(4) maintains an effective regulatory program; and 
       ‘‘(5) reports complaints and disciplinary actions on a timely 
basis to the national registries on appraisers and appraisal 
management companies maintained by the Appraisal Sub-
committee.
The Appraisal Subcommittee shall have the authority to remove 
a State licensed or certified appraiser or a registered appraisal 
management company from a national registry on an interim basis, 
not to exceed 90 days, pending State agency action on licensing, 
certification, registration, and disciplinary proceedings. The 
Appraisal Subcommittee and all agencies, instrumentalities, and 
Federally recognized entities under this title shall not recognize 
appraiser certifications and licenses from States whose appraiser 
policies, practices, funding, staffing, or procedures are found to 
be inconsistent with this title. The Appraisal Subcommittee shall 
have the authority to impose sanctions, as described in this section, 
against a State agency that fails to have an effective appraiser 
regulatory program. In determining whether such a program is 
effective, the Appraisal Subcommittee shall include an analysis 
of the licensing and certification of appraisers, the registration 
of appraisal management companies, the issuance of temporary 
licenses and certifications for appraisers, the reviewing and tracking 
of submitted complaints against appraisers and appraisal manage-
ment companies, the investigation of complaints, and enforcement 
actions against appraisers and appraisal management companies. 
The Appraisal Subcommittee shall have the authority to impose 
interim actions and suspensions against a State agency as an 
alternative to, or in advance of, the derecognition of a State agency.’’.

       (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting after ‘‘authority’’ the 
following: ‘‘or sufficient funding’’.
       (l) RECIPROCITY.—Subsection (b) of section 1122 of the Financial 
Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 
U.S.C. 3351(b)) is amended to read as follows:
       ‘‘(b) RECIPROCITY.—Notwithstanding any other provisions of 
this title, a federally related transaction shall not be appraised