124 STAT. 1648            PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

SEC. 716. PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL GOVERNMENT BAILOUTS
                    OF SWAPS ENTITIES.

(a) PROHIBITION ON FEDERAL ASSISTANCE.—Notwithstanding
any other provision of law (including regulations), no Federal assistance may be provided to any swaps entity with respect to any swap, security-based swap, or other activity of the swaps entity.

(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
       (1) FEDERAL ASSISTANCE.—The term “Federal assistance”
       means the use of any advances from any Federal Reserve
       credit facility or discount window that is not part of a program
       or facility with broad-based eligibility under section 13(3)(A)
       of the Federal Reserve Act, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance or guarantees for the purpose of—
             (A) making any loan to, or purchasing any stock, equity
             interest, or debt obligation of, any swaps entity;
             (B) purchasing the assets of any swaps entity;
             (C) guaranteeing any loan or debt issuance of any
             swaps entity; or
             (D) entering into any assistance arrangement
             (including tax breaks), loss sharing, or profit sharing with
             any swaps entity.
       (2) SWAPS ENTITY.—
             (A) IN GENERAL.—The term “swaps entity” means any
             swap dealer, security-based swap dealer, major swap
             participant, major security-based swap participant, that
             is registered under —
                   (i) the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et
                   seq.); or
                   (ii) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
                   78a et seq.).
             (B) EXCLUSION.—The term “swaps entity” does not
             include any major swap participant or major security-based
             swap participant that is an insured depository institution.

(c) AFFILIATES OF INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.—The
prohibition on Federal assistance contained in subsection (a) does
not apply to and shall not prevent an insured depository institution
from having or establishing an affiliate which is a swaps entity, as
long as such insured depository institution is part of a bank holding company, or savings and loan holding company, that is
supervised by the Federal Reserve and such swaps entity affiliate
complies with sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act
and such other requirements as the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission or the Securities Exchange Commission, as appropriate, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,
may determine to be necessary and appropriate.

(d) ONLY BONA FIDE HEDGING AND TRADITIONAL BANK ACTIVI-
TIES PERMITTED.—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall apply to
any insured depository institution unless the insured depository
institution limits its swap or security-based swap activities to:
       (1) Hedging and other similar risk mitigating activities
       directly related to the insured depository institution’s activities;
       and
       (2) Acting as a swaps entity for swaps or security-based
       swaps involving rates or reference assets that are permissible
       for investment by a national bank under the paragraph designated as “Seventh.” of section 5136 of the Revised Statutes
       of the United States (12 U.S.C. 24), other than as described
       in paragraph (3).