124 STAT. 1504


PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010


       (i) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation, after notice and
a hearing, may authorize the obtaining of credit or
the issuance of debt by a bridge financial company
that is secured by a senior or equal lien on property
of the bridge financial company that is subject to a
lien, only if—
                   (I) the bridge financial company is unable to
       otherwise obtain such credit or issue such debt;
              and
                   (II) there is adequate protection of the interest
      of the holder of the lien on the property with
      respect to which such senior or equal lien is pro-
      posed to be granted.
       (ii) HEARING.—The hearing required pursuant to
this subparagraph shall be before a court of the United
States, which shall have jurisdiction to conduct such
hearing and to authorize a bridge financial company
to obtain secured credit under clause (i). 
  (D) BURDEN OF PROOF.—In any hearing under this
paragraph, the Corporation has the burden of proof on
the issue of adequate protection.
  (E) QUALIFIED FINANCIAL CONTRACTS.—No credit or
debt obtained or issued by a bridge financial company
may contain terms that impair the rights of a counterparty
to a qualified financial contract upon a default by the
bridge financial company, other than the priority of such
counterparty’s unsecured claim (after the exercise of rights
relative to the priority of the bridge financial company’s
obligations in respect of such credit or debt), unless such
counterparty consents in writing to any such impairment.
       (17) EFFECT ON DEBTS AND LIENS.—The reversal or modi-
fication on appeal of an authorization under this subsection
to obtain credit or issue debt, or of a grant under this section
of a priority or a lien, does not affect the validity of any
debt so issued, or any priority or lien so granted, to an entity
that extended such credit in good faith, whether or not such
entity knew of the pendency of the appeal, unless such
authorization and the issuance of such debt, or the granting
of such priority or lien, were stayed pending appeal.
       (i) SHARING RECORDS.—If the Corporation has been appointed
as receiver for a covered financial company, other Federal regulators
shall make all records relating to the covered financial company
available to the Corporation, which may be used by the Corporation
in any manner that the Corporation determines to be appropriate.
      Deadlines.         (j) EXPEDITED PROCEDURES FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS.—
               (1) TIME FOR FILING NOTICE OF APPEAL.—The notice of
appeal of any order, whether interlocutory or final, entered
in any case brought by the Corporation against a director,
officer, employee, agent, attorney, accountant, or appraiser of
the covered financial company, or any other person employed
by or providing services to a covered financial company, shall
be filed not later than 30 days after the date of entry of
the order. The hearing of the appeal shall be held not later
than 120 days after the date of the notice of appeal. The
appeal shall be decided not later than 180 days after the
date of the notice of appeal.