124 STAT. 2150           PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

                                effect for a residence of the applicable size, as
                                of the date of such interest rate set, pursuant
                                to the 6th sentence of section 305(a)(2) the Federal
                                Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C.
                                1454(a)(2)); and
                                ‘‘(III) by 3.5 or more percentage points, in the
                                case of a subordinate lien residential mortgage
                                loan.
                                ‘‘(2) PUBLICATION OF AVERAGE PRIME OFFER RATE AND APR
                                          THRESHOLDS.—The Board—
                                          ‘‘(A) shall publish, and update at least weekly, average
Deadline.                 prime offer rates;
                                          ‘‘(B) may publish multiple rates based on varying types
                                          of mortgage transactions; and
                            ‘‘(C) shall adjust the thresholds established under sub-
                            clause (I), (II), and (III) of paragraph (1)(B)(ii) as necessary
                            to reflect significant changes in market conditions and
                            to effectuate the purposes of the Mortgage Reform and
                            Anti-Predatory Lending Act.
Time periods.         ‘‘(3) PHASED-OUT PENALTIES ON QUALIFIED MORTGAGES.—
                            A qualified mortgage (as defined in subsection (b)(2)) may not
                            contain terms under which a consumer must pay a prepayment
                            penalty for paying all or part of the principal after the loan
                            is consummated in excess of the following limitations:
                                ‘‘(A) During the 1-year period beginning on the date
                                the loan is consummated, the prepayment penalty shall
                                not exceed an amount equal to 3 percent of the outstanding
                                balance on the loan.
                                ‘‘(B) During the 1-year period beginning after the
                                period described in subparagraph (A), the prepayment
                                penalty shall not exceed an amount equal to 2 percent of
                                the outstanding balance on the loan.
                                ‘‘(C) During the 1-year period beginning after the 1-
                                year period described in subparagraph (B), the prepayment
                                penalty shall not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent
                                of the outstanding balance on the loan.
                                ‘‘(D) After the end of the 3-year period beginning on
                                the date the loan is consummated, no prepayment penalty
                                may be imposed on a qualified mortgage.
                                                       ‘‘(4) OPTION FOR NO PREPAYMENT PENALTY REQUIRED.—A
                                creditor may not offer a consumer a residential mortgage loan
                                product that has a prepayment penalty for paying all or part
                                of the principal after the loan is consummated as a term of
                                the loan without offering the consumer a residential mortgage
                                loan product that does not have a prepayment penalty as a
                                term of the loan.
           ‘‘(d) SINGLE PREMIUM CREDIT INSURANCE PROHIBITED.—No
creditor may finance, directly or indirectly, in connection with any
residential mortgage loan or with any extension of credit under
an open end consumer credit plan secured by the principal dwelling
of the consumer, any credit life, credit disability, credit unemploy-
ment, or credit property insurance, or any other accident, loss-
of-income, life, or health insurance, or any payments directly or
indirectly for any debt cancellation or suspension agreement or
contract, except that—