124 STAT. 2172           PUBLIC LAW 111-203--JULY 21, 2010

        (5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new para-
    graphs:
        ‘‘(3) REQUIREMENT UNDER HUD PROGRAMS.—Any homeown-
    ership counseling or rental housing counseling (as such terms
    are defined in subsection (g)(1)) required under, or provided
    in connection with, any program administered by the Depart-
    ment of Housing and Urban Development shall be provided
    only by organizations or counselors certified by the Secretary
    under this subsection as competent to provide such counseling.
        ‘‘(4) OUTREACH.—The Secretary shall take such actions as
    the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure that individuals
    and organizations providing homeownership or rental housing
    counseling are aware of the certification requirements and
    standards of this subsection and of the training and certification
    programs under subsection (f).’’.

    SEC. 1446. STUDY OF DEFAULTS AND FORECLOSURES.

        The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall conduct
    an extensive study of the root causes of default and foreclosure
    of home loans, using as much empirical data as are available.
    The study shall also examine the role of escrow accounts in helping
    prime and nonprime borrowers to avoid defaults and foreclosures,
    and the role of computer registries of mortgages, including those
Deadlines.    used for trading mortgage loans. Not later than 12 months after
Reports.    the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit
    to the Congress a preliminary report regarding the study. Not
    later than 24 months after such date of enactment, the Secretary
    shall submit a final report regarding the results of the study,
    which shall include any recommended legislation relating to the
    study, and recommendations for best practices and for a process
    to identify populations that need counseling the most.

    SEC. 1447. DEFAULT AND FORECLOSURE DATABASE.

12 USC 1701p-2.  (a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban
Public    Development and the Director of the Bureau, in consultation with
information. the Federal agencies responsible for regulation of banking and
    financial institutions involved in residential mortgage lending and
    servicing, shall establish and maintain a database of information
    on foreclosures and defaults on mortgage loans for one- to four-
    unit residential properties and shall make such information publicly
    available, subject to subsection (e).
        (b) CENSUS TRACT DATA.—Information in the database may
    be collected, aggregated, and made available on a census tract
    basis.
        (c) REQUIREMENTS.—Information collected and made available
    through the database shall include—
            (1) the number and percentage of such mortgage loans
        that are delinquent by more than 30 days;
            (2) the number and percentage of such mortgage loans
        that are delinquent by more than 90 days;
            (3) the number and percentage of such properties that
        are real estate-owned;
            (4) number and percentage of such mortgage loans that
        are in the foreclosure process;
            (5) the number and percentage of such mortgage loans
        that have an outstanding principal obligation amount that is
        greater than the value of the property for which the loan
        was made; and