PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

(II) fair and open competition and equitable treatment in the consideration and selection of individuals to positions;
(III) fair, credible, and transparent methods of assigning, reassigning, detailing, transferring, and promoting employees.
(ii) VETERANS PREFERENCES.—In implementing this subparagraph, the Director shall comply with the provisions of section 2302(b)(11), regarding veterans’ preference requirements, in a manner consistent with that in which such provisions are applied under chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. The authority under this subparagraph to waive the requirements of that chapter 33 shall expire 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act.
(2) COMPENSATION.—Notwithstanding any otherwise applicable provision of title 5, United States Code, concerning compensation, including the provisions of chapter 51 and chapter 53, the following provisions shall apply with respect to employees of the Bureau:
(A) The rates of basic pay for all employees of the Bureau may be set and adjusted by the Director.
(B) The Director shall at all times provide compensation (including benefits) to each class of employees that, at a minimum, are comparable to the compensation and benefits then being provided by the Board of Governors for the corresponding class of employees.
(C) All such employees shall be compensated (including benefits) on terms and conditions that are consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in section 11(l) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(l)).
(3) BUREAU PARTICIPATION IN FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM RETIREMENT PLAN AND FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM THRIFT PLAN.—
(A) EMPLOYEE ELECTION.—Employees appointed to the Bureau may elect to participate in either—
(i) both the Federal Reserve System Retirement Plan and the Federal Reserve System Thrift Plan, under the same terms on which such participation is offered to employees of the Board of Governors who participate in such plans and under the terms and conditions specified under section 1064(b)(1)(C); or
(ii) the Civil Service Retirement System under chapter 83 of title 5, United States Code, or the Federal Employees Retirement System under chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, if previously covered under one of those Federal employee retirement systems.
(B) ELECTION PERIOD.—Bureau employees shall make an election under this paragraph not later than 1 year after the date of appointment by, or transfer under subtitle F to, the Bureau. Participation in, and benefit accruals under, any other retirement plan established or maintained by the Federal Government shall end not later than the date on which participation in, and benefit accruals under, the Federal Reserve System Retirement Plan and Federal Reserve System Thrift Plan begin.