124 STAT. 1846

PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

the Commission based upon or related to such information; or
“(iii) in making disclosures that are required or protected under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.), including section 10A(m) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78f(m)), section 1513(e) of title 18, United States Code, and any other law, rule, or regulation subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission.
“(B) ENFORCEMENT.—
“(i) CAUSE OF ACTION.—An individual who alleges discharge or other discrimination in violation of subparagraph (A) may bring an action under this subsection in the appropriate district court of the United States for the relief provided in subparagraph (C).
“(ii) SUBPOENAS.—A subpoena requiring the attendance of a witness at a trial or hearing conducted under this section may be served at any place in the United States.
“(iii) STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS.—
“(I) IN GENERAL.—An action under this subsection may not be brought—
“(aa) more than 6 years after the date on which the violation of subparagraph (A) occurred; or
“(bb) more than 3 years after the date when facts material to the right of action are known or reasonably should have been known by the employee alleging a violation of subparagraph (A).
“(II) REQUIRED ACTION WITHIN 10 YEARS.—Notwithstanding subclause (I), an action under this subsection may not in any circumstance be brought more than 10 years after the date on which the violation occurs.
“(C) RELIEF.—Relief for an individual prevailing in an action brought under subparagraph (B) shall include—
“(i) reinstatement with the same seniority status that the individual would have had, but for the discrimination;
“(ii) 2 times the amount of back pay otherwise owed to the individual, with interest; and
“(iii) compensation for litigation costs, expert witness fees, and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
“(2) CONFIDENTIALITY.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Commission and any officer or employee of the Commission shall not disclose any information, including information provided by a whistleblower to the Commission, which could reasonably be expected to reveal the identity of a whistleblower, except in accordance with the provisions of section 552a of title 5, United States Code, unless and until required to be disclosed to a defendant or respondent in connection with a public proceeding instituted by the Commission or any entity described in subparagraph (C). For purposes of section