PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 2019

been engaged in any conduct that is a violation, as defined in this section.
(2) BUREAU INVESTIGATOR.—The term ‘‘Bureau investigator’’ means any attorney or investigator employed by the Bureau who is charged with the duty of enforcing or carrying into effect any Federal consumer financial law.
(3) CUSTODIAN.—The term ‘‘custodian’’ means the custodian or any deputy custodian designated by the Bureau.
(4) DOCUMENTARY MATERIAL.—The term ‘‘documentary material’’ includes the original or any copy of any book, document, record, report, memorandum, paper, communication, tabulation, chart, log, electronic files, or other data or data compilations stored in any medium.
(5) VIOLATION.—The term ‘‘violation’’ means any act or omission that, if proved, would constitute a violation of any provision of Federal consumer financial law.

SEC. 1052. INVESTIGATIONS AND ADMINISTRATIVE DISCOVERY.
12 USC 5562.
(a) JOINT INVESTIGATIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau or, where appropriate, a Bureau investigator, may engage in joint investigations and requests for information, as authorized under this title.
(2) FAIR LENDING.—The authority under paragraph (1) includes matters relating to fair lending, and where appropriate, joint investigations with, and requests for information from, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Attorney General of the United States, or both.
(b) SUBPOENAS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau or a Bureau investigator may issue subpoenas for the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the production of relevant papers, books, documents, or other material in connection with hearings under this title.
(2) FAILURE TO OBEY.—In the case of contumacy or refusal to obey a subpoena issued pursuant to this paragraph and served upon any person, the district court of the United States for any district in which such person is found, resides, or transacts business, upon application by the Bureau or a Bureau investigator and after notice to such person, may issue an order requiring such person to appear and give testimony or to appear and produce documents or other material.
(3) CONTEMPT.—Any failure to obey an order of the court under this subsection may be punished by the court as a contempt thereof.
(c) DEMANDS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Whenever the Bureau has reason to believe that any person may be in possession, custody, or control of any documentary material or tangible things, or may have any information, relevant to a violation, the Bureau may, before the institution of any proceedings under the Federal consumer financial law, issue in writing, and cause to be served upon such person, a civil investigative demand requiring such person to—

(A) produce such documentary material for inspection and copying or reproduction in the form or medium requested by the Bureau;
(B) submit such tangible things;
(C) file written reports or answers to questions;