124 STAT. 1980        PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

for consumer financial products and services and that markets for consumer financial products and services are fair, transparent, and competitive.
(b) OBJECTIVES.—The Bureau is authorized to exercise its authorities under Federal consumer financial law for the purposes of ensuring that, with respect to consumer financial products and services—
(1) consumers are provided with timely and understandable information to make responsible decisions about financial transactions;
(2) consumers are protected from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices and from discrimination;
(3) outdated, unnecessary, or unduly burdensome regulations are regularly identified and addressed in order to reduce unwarranted regulatory burdens;
(4) Federal consumer financial law is enforced consistently, without regard to the status of a person as a depository institution, in order to promote fair competition; and
(5) markets for consumer financial products and services operate transparently and efficiently to facilitate access and innovation.
(c) FUNCTIONS.—The primary functions of the Bureau are—
(1) conducting financial education programs;
(2) collecting, investigating, and responding to consumer complaints;
(3) collecting, researching, monitoring, and publishing information relevant to the functioning of markets for consumer financial products and services to identify risks to consumers and the proper functioning of such markets;
(4) subject to sections 1024 through 1026, supervising covered persons for compliance with Federal consumer financial law, and taking appropriate enforcement action to address violations of Federal consumer financial law;
(5) issuing rules, orders, and guidance implementing Federal consumer financial law; and
(6) performing such support activities as may be necessary or useful to facilitate the other functions of the Bureau.

12 USC 5512. SEC. 1022. RULEMAKING AUTHORITY.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau is authorized to exercise its authorities under Federal consumer financial law to administer, enforce, and otherwise implement the provisions of Federal consumer financial law.
(b) RULEMAKING, ORDERS, AND GUIDANCE.—
(1) GENERAL AUTHORITY.— The Director may prescribe rules and issue orders and guidance, as may be necessary or appropriate to enable the Bureau to administer and carry out the purposes and objectives of the Federal consumer financial laws, and to prevent evasions thereof.
(2) STANDARDS FOR RULEMAKING.—In prescribing a rule under the Federal consumer financial laws—
(A) the Bureau shall consider—
(i) the potential benefits and costs to consumers and covered persons, including the potential reduction of access by consumers to consumer financial products or services resulting from such rule; and