PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010	124 STAT. 1457

broker or dealer to any bridge financial company established in accordance with this title.
(2) LIMITATION OF POWERS.—The exercise by SIPC of powers and functions as trustee under subsection (a) shall not impair or impede the exercise of the powers and duties of the Corporation with regard to—
(A) any action, except as otherwise provided in this title—
(i) to make funds available under section 204(d);
(ii) to organize, establish, operate, or terminate any bridge financial company;
(iii) to transfer assets and liabilities;
(iv) to enforce or repudiate contracts; or
(v) to take any other action relating to such bridge financial company under section 210; or
(B) determining claims under subsection (e).
(3) PROTECTIVE DECREE.—SIPC and the Corporation, in consultation with the Commission, shall jointly determine the terms of the protective decree to be filed by SIPC with any court of competent jurisdiction under section 21 or 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u, 78aa), as required by subsection (a).
(4) QUALIFIED FINANCIAL CONTRACTS.—Notwithstanding any provision of the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78aaa et seq.) to the contrary (including section 5(b)(2)(C) of that Act (15 U.S.C. 78eee(b)(2)(C))), the rights and obligations of any party to a qualified financial contract (as that term is defined in section 210(c)(8)) to which a covered broker or dealer for which the Corporation has been appointed receiver is a party shall be governed exclusively by section 210, including the limitations and restrictions contained in section 210(c)(10)(B).
(c) LIMITATION ON COURT ACTION.—Except as otherwise provided in this title, no court may take any action, including any action pursuant to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78aaa et seq.) or the Bankruptcy Code, to restrain or affect the exercise of powers or functions of the Corporation as receiver for a covered broker or dealer and any claims against the Corporation as such receiver shall be determined in accordance with subsection (e) and such claims shall be limited to money damages.
(d) ACTIONS BY CORPORATION AS RECEIVER.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, no action taken by the Corporation as receiver with respect to a covered broker or dealer shall—
(A) adversely affect the rights of a customer to customer property or customer name securities;
(B) diminish the amount or timely payment of net equity claims of customers; or
(C) otherwise impair the recoveries provided to a customer under the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78aaa et seq.).
(2) NET PROCEEDS.—The net proceeds from any transfer, sale, or disposition of assets of the covered broker or dealer, or proceeds thereof by the Corporation as receiver for the covered broker or dealer shall be for the benefit of the estate of the covered broker or dealer, as provided in this title.