124 STAT. 1792          PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

            “(7) APPLICABILITY.—This subsection shall not apply with
        respect to a transaction that is—
                “(A) initiated by a special entity on an exchange or
            security-based swaps execution facility; and
                “(B) the security-based swap dealer or major security-
            based swap participant does not know the identity of the
            counterparty to the transaction.”

                “(i) DOCUMENTATION STANDARDS.—
                “(1) IN GENERAL.—Each registered security-based swap
            dealer and major security-based swap participant shall conform
            with such standards as may be prescribed by the Commission,
            by rule or regulation, that relate to timely and accurate con-
            firmation, processing, netting, documentation, and valuation
            of all security-based swaps.
                “(2) RULES.—The Commission shall adopt rules governing
            documentation standards for security-based swap dealers and
            major security-based swap participants.
            
            
                “(j) DUTIES.—Each registered security-based swap dealer and
Compliance.         major security-based swap participant shall, at all times, comply
            with the following requirements:
                “(1) MONITORING OF TRADING.—The security-based swap
            dealer or major security-based swap participant shall monitor
            its trading in security-based swaps to prevent violations of
            applicable position limits.
                “(2) RISK MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES.—The security-based
            swap dealer or major security-based swap participant shall
            establish robust and professional risk management systems
            adequate for managing the day-to-day business of the security-
            based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant.
                “(3) DISCLOSURE OF GENERAL INFORMATION.—The security-
            based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant
            shall disclose to the Commission and to the prudential regulator
            for the security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap
            participant, as applicable, information concerning—
                    “(A) terms and conditions of its security-based swaps;
                    “(B) security-based swap trading operations, mecha-
                nisms, and practices;
                    “(C) financial integrity protections relating to security-
                based swaps; and
                    “(D) other information relevant to its trading in secu-
                rity-based swaps.
                “(4) ABILITY TO OBTAIN INFORMATION.—The security-based
Procedures.      swap dealer or major security-based swap participant shall—
                    “(A) establish and enforce internal systems and proce-
                dures to obtain any necessary information to perform any
                of the functions described in this section; and
                    “(B) provide the information to the Commission and
                to the prudential regulator for the security-based swap
                dealer or major security-based swap participant, as
                applicable, on request.
                “(5) CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.—The security-based swap
            dealer and major security-based swap participant shall imple-
            ment conflict-of-interest systems and procedures that—
                    “(A) establish structural and institutional safeguards
                to ensure that the activities of any person within the firm
                relating to research or analysis of the price or market
                for any security-based swap or acting in a role of providing