PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1785

‘‘SEC. 15F. REGISTRATION AND REGULATION OF SECURITY-BASED 
SWAP DEALERS AND MAJOR SECURITY-BASED SWAP PARTICIPANTS.
15 USC 78o-8.

‘‘(a) REGISTRATION.—
‘‘(1) SECURITY-BASED SWAP DEALERS.—It shall be unlawful 
for any person to act as a security-based swap dealer unless 
the person is registered as a security-based swap dealer with 
the Commission.
‘(2) MAJOR SECURITY-BASED SWAP PARTICIPANTS.—It shall 
be unlawful for any person to act as a major security-based 
swap participant unless the person is registered as a major 
security-based swap participant with the Commission.
‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—A person shall register as a security- 
based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant 
by filing a registration application with the Commission.
‘‘(2) CONTENTS.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The application shall be made in 
such form and manner as prescribed by the Commission, 
and shall contain such information, as the Commission 
considers necessary concerning the business in which the 
applicant is or will be engaged.
‘‘(B) CONTINUAL REPORTING.—A person that is reg- 
istered as a security-based swap dealer or major security- 
based swap participant shall continue to submit to the 
Commission reports that contain such information per- 
taining to the business of such person as the Commission 
may require.
‘‘(3) EXPIRATION.—Each registration under this section shall 
expire at such time as the Commission may prescribe by rule 
or regulation.
‘‘(4) RULES.—Except as provided in subsections (d) and (e), the Commission may prescribe rules applicable to security- 
based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants, 
including rules that limit the activities of non-bank security- 
based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants.
‘‘(5) TRANSITION.—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of the Wall Street Transparency and Account- 
ability Act of 2010, the Commission shall issue rules under 
this section to provide for the registration of security-based 
swap dealers and major security-based swap participants.
‘‘(6) STATUTORY DISQUALIFICATION.—Except to the extent 
otherwise specifically provided by rule, regulation, or order 
of the Commission, it shall be unlawful for a security-based 
swap dealer or a major security-based swap participant to 
permit any person associated with a security-based swap dealer 
or a major security-based swap participant who is subject to 
a statutory disqualification to effect or be involved in effecting 
security-based swaps on behalf of the security-based swap 
dealer or major security-based swap participant, if the security- 
based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant 
knew, or in the exercise of reasonable care should have known, 
of the statutory disqualification.
‘‘(c) DUAL REGISTRATION.—
‘‘(1) SECURITY-BASED SWAP DEALER.—Any person that is 
required to be registered as a security-based swap dealer under 
this section shall register with the Commission, regardless