124 STAT. 1674         PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

15 USC 8322.
7 USC 1b.
on a registered entity or trading facility that is not 
owned or operated by a regional transmission organiza-
tion or independent system operator (as defined by 
sections 3(27) and (28) of the Federal Power Act (16 
U.S.C. 796(27), 796(28)).’’.
(f) PUBLIC INTEREST WAIVER.—Section 4(c) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6(c)) (as amended by section 721(d)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(6) If the Commission determines that the exemption 
would be consistent with the public interest and the purposes 
of this Act, the Commission shall, in accordance with para-
graphs (1) and (2), exempt from the requirements of this Act 
an agreement, contract, or transaction that is entered into—
‘‘(A) pursuant to a tariff or rate schedule approved 
or permitted to take effect by the Federal Energy Regu-
latory Commission;
‘‘(B) pursuant to a tariff or rate schedule establishing 
rates or charges for, or protocols governing, the sale of 
electric energy approved or permitted to take effect by 
the regulatory authority of the State or municipality having 
jurisdiction to regulate rates and charges for the sale of 
electric energy within the State or municipality; or
‘‘(C) between entities described in section 201(f) of the 
Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824(f)).’’.
(g) AUTHORITY OF FERC.—Nothing in the Wall Street Trans-
parency and Accountability Act of 2010 or otherwise in the amend-
ments to the Commodity Exchange Act made by such Act shall limit or 
affect any statutory enforcement authority of the Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission pursuant to section 222 of the Federal 
Power Act and section 4A of the Natural Gas Act that existed 
prior to the date of enactment of the Wall Street Transparency 
and Accountability Act of 2010.
(h) DETERMINATION.—The Commodity Exchange Act is 
amended by inserting after section 1a (7 U.S.C. 1a) the following:

‘‘SEC. 1b. REQUIREMENTS OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY 
REGARDING EXEMPTION OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE SWAPS 
AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE FORWARDS FROM DEFINITION 
OF THE TERM ‘SWAP’.
‘‘(a) REQUIRED CONSIDERATIONS.—In determining whether to 
exempt foreign exchange swaps and foreign exchange forwards from 
the definition of the term ‘swap’, the Secretary of the Treasury 
(referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’) shall consider—
‘‘(1) whether the required trading and clearing of foreign 
exchange swaps and foreign exchange forwards would create 
systemic risk, lower transparency, or threaten the financial 
stability of the United States;
‘‘(2) whether foreign exchange swaps and foreign exchange 
forwards are already subject to a regulatory scheme that is 
materially comparable to that established by this Act for other 
classes of swaps;
‘‘(3) the extent to which bank regulators of participants 
in the foreign exchange market provide adequate supervision, 
including capital and margin requirements;
‘‘(4) the extent of adequate payment and settlement sys-
tems; and