124 STAT. 2032            PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010

rule, order, standard, or prohibition, subject to the jurisdiction of, or enforceable by, the Bureau.
     (b) DEFINITION OF COVERED EMPLOYEE.—For the purposes of this section, the term “covered employee” means any individual performing tasks related to the offering or provision of a consumer financial product or service.
     (c) PROCEDURES AND TIMETABLES.—
Deadlines.                  (1) COMPLAINT.—
                                       (A) IN GENERAL.—A person who believes that he or
                               she has been discharged or otherwise discriminated against
                               by any person in violation of subsection (a) may, not later
                               than 180 days after the date on which such alleged violation
                               occurs, file (or have any person file on his or her behalf)
                               a complaint with the Secretary of Labor alleging such
                               discharge or discrimination and identifying the person
                               responsible for such act.
Notification.                 (B) ACTIONS OF SECRETARY OF LABOR.—Upon receipt
                               of such a complaint, the Secretary of Labor shall notify,
                               in writing, the person named in the complaint who is
                               alleged to have committed the violation, of—
                                           (i) the filing of the complaint;
                                           (ii) the allegations contained in the com-
                                                  plaint;
                                           (iii) the substance of evidence supporting the com-
                                                  plaint; and
                                           (iv) opportunities that will be afforded to such
                                                  person under paragraph (2).
                               (2) INVESTIGATION BY SECRETARY OF LABOR.—
Determination.                         (A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days after the
                                             date of receipt of a complaint filed under paragraph (1),
                                             and after affording the complainant and the person named
                                             in the complaint who is alleged to have committed the
                                             violation that is the basis for the complaint an opportunity
                                             to submit to the Secretary of Labor a written response
                                             to the complaint and an opportunity to meet with a rep-
                                             resentative of the Secretary of Labor to present statements
                                             from witnesses, the Secretary of Labor shall—
                                                      (i) initiate an investigation and determine whether
                                                      there is reasonable cause to believe that the complaint
                                                      has merit; and
Notification.                                   (ii) notify the complainant and the person alleged
                                                      to have committed the violation of subsection (a), in
                                                      writing, of such determination.
Order.                                    (B) NOTICE OF RELIEF AVAILABLE.—If the Secretary
                                           of Labor concludes that there is reasonable cause to believe
                                           that a violation of subsection (a) has occurred, the Secretary
                                           of Labor shall, together with the notice under subparagraph
                                           (A)(ii), issue a preliminary order providing the relief pre-
                                           scribed by paragraph (4)(B).
                               (C) REQUEST FOR HEARING.—Not later than 30 days
                               after the date of receipt of notification of a determination
                               of the Secretary of Labor under this paragraph, either
                               the person alleged to have committed the violation or the
                               complainant may file objections to the findings or prelimi-
                               nary order, or both, and request a hearing on the record.
                               The filing of such objections shall not operate to stay any
                               reinstatement remedy contained in the preliminary order.
                               Any such hearing shall be conducted expeditiously, and