PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

124 STAT. 1641

period the following: ‘‘, other than credit card loans that are made to businesses that meet the criteria for a small business concern to be eligible for business loans under regulations established by the Small Business Administration under part 121 of title 13, Code of Federal Regulations’’. 
  
TITLE VII—WALL STREET 
TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
  
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010’’. 
  
Subtitle A—Regulation of Over-the-Counter Swaps Markets 
  
PART I—REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
  
SEC. 711. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle, the terms ‘‘prudential regulator’’, ‘‘swap’’, ‘‘swap 
dealer’’, ‘‘major swap participant’’, ‘‘swap data repository’’ ‘‘associ- 
ated person of a swap dealer or major swap participant’’, ‘‘eligible 
contract participant’’, ‘‘swap execution facility’’, ‘‘security-based 
swap’’, ‘‘security-based swap dealer’’, ‘‘major security-based swap 
participant’’, and ‘‘associated person of a security-based swap dealer 
or major security-based swap participant’’ have the meanings given 
the terms in section 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 
1a), including any modification of the meanings under section 721(b) 
of this Act. 
  
SEC. 712. REVIEW OF REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
(a) CONSULTATION.— 
(1) COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION.—Before 
commencing any rulemaking or issuing an order regarding 
swaps, swap dealers, major swap participants, swap data 
repositories, derivative clearing organizations with regard to 
swaps, persons associated with a swap dealer or major swap 
participant, eligible contract participants, or swap execution 
facilities pursuant to this subtitle, the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission shall consult and coordinate to the extent 
possible with the Securities and Exchange Commission and 
the prudential regulators for the purposes of assuring regu- 
latory consistency and comparability, to the extent possible. 
(2) SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.—Before com- 
mencing any rulemaking or issuing an order regarding security- 
based swaps, security-based swap dealers, major security-based 
swap participants, security-based swap data repositories, 
clearing agencies with regard to security-based swaps, persons 
associated with a security-based swap dealer or major security- 
based swap participant, eligible contract participants with 
regard to security-based swaps, or security-based swap execu- 
tion facilities pursuant to subtitle B, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission shall consult and coordinate to the 