PUBLIC LAW 111–203—JULY 21, 2010      
124 STAT. 2173        

(6) such other information as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Director of the Bureau consider appropriate.

(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to encourage discriminatory or unsound allocation of credit or lending policies or practices.

(e) PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY.—In establishing and maintaining the database described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Director of the Bureau shall—      
(1) be subject to the standards applicable to Federal agencies for the protection of the confidentiality of personally identifiable information and for data security and integrity;  
(2) implement the necessary measures to conform to the standards for data integrity and security prescribed in paragraph (1); and        
(3) collect and make available information under this section, in accordance with paragraphs (5) and (6) of section 1022(c) and the rules prescribed under such paragraphs, in order to protect privacy and confidentiality.    

SEC. 1448. DEFINITIONS FOR COUNSELING-RELATED PROGRAMS.    
Section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x), as amended by the preceding provisions of this subtitle, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:      

“(h) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section:        
(1) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION.—The term ‘nonprofit organization’ has the meaning given such term in section 104(5) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12704(5)), except that subparagraph (D) of such section shall not apply for purposes of this section.       
(2) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Trust Territories of the Pacific, or any other possession of the United States.      
(3) UNIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERNMENT.—The term ‘unit of general local government’ means any city, county, parish, town, township, borough, village, or other general purpose political subdivision of a State.        
(4) HUD-APPROVED COUNSELING AGENCY.—The term ‘HUD-approved counseling agency’ means a private or public nonprofit organization that is—          
“(A) exempt from taxation under section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and  
“(B) certified by the Secretary to provide housing counseling services.        
(5) STATE HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY.—The term ‘State housing finance agency’ means any public body, agency, or instrumentality specifically created under State statute that is authorized to finance activities designed to provide housing and related facilities throughout an entire State through land acquisition, construction, or rehabilitation.”.