124 STAT. 1712         PUBLIC LAW 111-203—JULY 21, 2010

    "(G) establish and follow appropriate procedures for 
        the handling, management response, remediation, re-
        testing, and closing of noncompliance issues. 
    "(3) ANNUAL REPORTS.— 
        "(A) IN GENERAL.—In accordance with rules prescribed 
            by the Commission, the chief compliance officer shall 
            annually prepare and sign a report that contains a descrip- 
            tion of— 
                "(i) the compliance of the swap dealer or major 
                    swap participant with respect to this Act (including 
                    regulations); and 
                "(ii) each policy and procedure of the swap dealer 
                    or major swap participant of the chief compliance 
                    officer (including the code of ethics and conflict of 
                    interest policies). 
            "(B) REQUIREMENTS.—A compliance report under 
                subparagraph (A) shall— 
                "(i) accompany each appropriate financial report 
                    of the swap dealer or major swap participant that 
                    is required to be furnished to the Commission pursuant 
                    to this section; and 
                "(ii) include a certification that, under penalty of 
                    law, the compliance report is accurate and complete.".
        
SEC. 732. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.

Section 4d of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6d) is 
amended— 
    (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (e); and 
    (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: 
    "(c) CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.—The Commission shall require 
that futures commission merchants and introducing brokers imple- 
ment conflict-of-interest systems and procedures that— 
        "(1) establish structural and institutional safeguards to 
            ensure that the activities of any person within the firm relating 
            to research or analysis of the price or market for any commodity 
            are separated by appropriate informational partitions within  
            the firm from the review, pressure, or oversight of persons 
            whose involvement in trading or clearing activities might poten- 
            tially bias the judgment or supervision of the persons; and 
        "(2) address such other issues as the Commission deter- 
            mines to be appropriate. 
    "(d) DESIGNATION OF CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER.—Each 
future commission merchant shall designate an individual to serve 
as its Chief Compliance Officer and perform such duties and respon- 
sibilities as shall be set forth in regulations to be adopted by 
the Commission or rules to be adopted by a futures association 
registred under section 17.".

SEC. 733. SWAP EXECUTION FACILITIES.

The Commodity Exchange Act is amended by inserting after 
section 5g (7 U.S.C. 7b-2) the following:

"SEC. 5h. SWAP EXECUTION FACILITIES.

    "(a) REGISTRATION.— 
        "(1) IN GENERAL.—No person may operate a facility for 
            the trading or processing of swaps unless the facility is reg- 
            istered as a swap execution facility or as a designated contract 
            market under this section.