105 STAT. 2342 PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

    (1) the minimum and maximum amounts of liability under
  subsection (a)(2)(A) for any failure to comply with the require-
  ments of this Act shall apply with respect to such account; and
    (2) the court shall determine the manner in which the amount
  of any such liability with respect to such account shall be
  distributed among such persons.
  (i) CONTINUING FAILURE TO DISCLOSE.—
    (1) CERTAIN CONTINUING FAILURES TREATED AS 1 VIOLATION.—
  Except as provided in paragraph (2), the continuing failure of
  any depository institution to disclose any particular term re-
  quired to be disclosed under this Act with respect to a particular
  account shall be treated as a single violation for purposes of
  determining the amount of any liability of such institution
  under subsection (a) for such failure to disclose.
    (2) SUBSEQUENT FAILURE TO DISCLOSE.—The continuing failure
  of any depository institution to disclose any particular term
  required to be disclosed under this Act with respect to a particu-
  lar account after judgment has been rendered in favor of the
  account holder in connection with a prior failure to disclose
  such term with respect to such account shall be treated as a
  subsequent violation for purposes of determining liability under
  subsection (a).
    (3) COORDINATION WITH SECTION 270.—This subsection shall
  not limit or otherwise affect the enforcement power under
  section 270 of any agency referred to in subsection (a) of such
  section.
12 USC 4311. SEC. 272. CREDIT UNIONS.
  (a) IN GENERAL.—No regulation prescribed by the Board under
  this Act shall apply directly with respect to any depository institu-
  tion described in clause (iv) of section 19(b)(1)(A) of the Federal
  Reserve Act.
  (b) REGULATIONS PRESCRIBED BY THE NCUA.—Within 90 days of
  the effective date of any regulation prescribed by the Board under
  this Act, the National Credit Union Administration Board shall
  prescribe a regulation substantially similar to the regulation pre-
  scribed by the Board taking into account the unique nature of credit
  unions and the limitations under which they may pay dividends on
  member accounts.
12 USC 4312. SEC. 273. EFFECT ON STATE LAW.
  The provisions of this Act do not supersede any provisions of the
  law of any State relating to the disclosure of yields payable or terms
  for accounts to the extent such State law requires the disclosure of
  such yields or terms for accounts, except to the extent that those
  laws are inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, and then only
  to the extent of the inconsistency. The Board may determine
  whether such inconsistencies exist.
12 USC 4313. SEC. 274. DEFINITIONS.
  For the purposes of this Act—
    (1) ACCOUNT,—The term "account" means any account
  offered to 1 or more individuals or an unincorporated
  nonbusiness association of individuals by a depository institu-
  tion into which a customer deposits funds, including demand
  accounts, time accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal ac-
  counts, and share draft accounts.