105 STAT. 2340        PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

(2) ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY UNDER OTHER ACTS.—In addition to the powers of any agency referred to in subsection (a) under any provision of law specifically referred to in such subsection, each such agency may exercise, for purposes of enforcing compliance with any requirement imposed under this Act, any other authority conferred on such agency by law.

(c) REGULATIONS BY AGENCIES OTHER THAN THE BOARD.—The authority of the Board to issue regulations under this Act does not impair the authority of any other agency referred to in subsection (a) to make rules regarding its own procedures in enforcing compliance with the requirements imposed under this Act. 

                12 USC 4310.          SEC. 271. CIVIL LIABILITY.

(a) CIVIL LIABILITY.—Except as otherwise provided in this section, any depository institution which fails to comply with any requirement imposed under this Act or any regulation prescribed under this Act with respect to any person who is an account holder is liable to such person in an amount equal to the sum of—
(1) any actual damage sustained by such person as a result of the failure;
(2)(A) in the case of an individual action, such additional amount as the court may allow, except that the liability under this subparagraph shall not be less than $100 nor greater than $1,000; or
(B) in the case of a class action, such amount as the court may allow, except that—
(i) as to each member of the class, no minimum recovery shall be applicable; and
(ii) the total recovery under this subparagraph in any class action or series of class actions arising out of the same failure to comply by the same depository institution shall not be more than the lesser of $500,000 or 1 percent of the net worth of the depository institution involved; and 
(3) in the case of any successful action to enforce any liability under paragraph (1) or (2), the costs of the action, together with a reasonable attorney’s fee as determined by the court.

(b) CLASS ACTION AWARDS.—In determining the amount of any award in any class action, the court shall consider, among other relevant factors—
(1) the amount of any actual damages awarded;
(2) the frequency and persistence of failures of compliance;
(3) the resources of the depository institution;
(4) the number of persons adversely affected; and
(5) the extent to which the failure of compliance was intentional. 
(c) BONA FIDE ERRORS.—

(1) GENERAL RULE.—A depository institution may not be held liable in any action brought under this section for a violation of this Act if the depository institution demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that the violation was not intentional and resulted from a bona fide error, notwithstanding the maintenance of procedures reasonably adapted to avoid any such error.
(2) EXAMPLES.—Examples of a bona fide error include clerical, calculation, computer malfunction and programming, and printing errors, except that an error of legal judgment with