105 STAT. 2332       PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991 

    (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 33(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831j(a)) is amended to read as follows:
"(a) IN GENERAL.—
        ‘‘(1) EMPLOYEES OF DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.—No insured depository institution may discharge or otherwise discriminate against any employee with respect to compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment because the employee (or any person acting pursuant to the request of the employee) provided information to any Federal banking agency or to the Attorney General regarding any possible violation of any law or regulation by the depository institution or any director, officer, or employee of the institution.
        ‘‘(2) EMPLOYEES OF BANKING AGENCIES.—No Federal banking agency, Federal home loan bank, or Federal Reserve bank may discharge or otherwise discriminate against any employee with respect to compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment because the employee (or any person acting pursuant to the request of the employee) provided information to any such agency or bank or to the Attorney General regarding any possible violation of any law or regulation by—
‘‘(A) any depository institution or any such bank or agency;
‘‘(B) any director, officer, or employee of any depository institution or any such bank; or
‘‘(C) any officer or employee of the agency which employs such employee.’’.

    (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 33(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831j(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, Federal home loan bank, Federal Reserve bank, or Federal banking agency’’ after ‘‘depository institution’’.

    (3) DEFINITION.—Section 33 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831j) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
  ‘‘(e) FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY DEFINED.—For purposes of subsections (a) and (c), the term ‘Federal banking agency’ means the Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Housing Finance Board, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision.’’.

    (4) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Paragraph (2) of section 33(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (as added under the amendment made by paragraph (1)) shall be treated as having taken effect on January 1, 1987, and for purposes of any cause of action arising under such paragraph (as so effective) before the date of the enactment of this Act, the 2-year period referred to in section 33(b) of such Act shall be deemed to begin on such date of enactment.

12 USC 1831j note. 
(b) ADDITIONAL COVERAGE ESTABLISHED UNDER FEDERAL CREDIT UNION ACT.—
    (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 213(a) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1790b(a)) is amended to read as follows:
  ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—
        ‘‘(1) EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT UNIONS.—No insured credit union may discharge or otherwise discriminate against any employee with respect to compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment because the employee (or any person acting pursuant to the request of the employee) provided information to the