PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991 105 STAT. 2323

feasible. The owner of the property shall make a good-faith effort to return low-income occupancy to the level required under paragraph (7), and the Secretary or the State housing finance agency, as appropriate, shall review the reduction annually to determine whether financial infeasibility continues to exist.
''(e) RENT LIMITATIONS.—
''(1) IN GENERAL.—With respect to properties under paragraph (2), rents charged to tenants for units made available for occupancy by very low-income families shall not exceed 30 percent of the adjusted income of a family whose income equals 50 percent of the median income for the area, as determined by the Secretary, with adjustment for family size. Rents charged to tenants for units made available for occupancy by low-income families other than very low-income families shall not exceed 30 percent of the adjusted income of a family whose income equals 65 percent of the median income for the area, as determined by the Secretary, with adjustment for family size.
''(2) APPLICABILITY.—The rent limitations under this subsection shall apply to any eligible single family property sold pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(B)(i) and to any eligible multifamily housing property sold pursuant to subsection (d).
''(f) PREFERENCES FOR SALES.—
''(1) IN GENERAL.—In selling any eligible multifamily housing property or combinations of eligible residential properties, the Corporation shall give preference, among substantially similar offers, to the offer that would reserve the highest percentage of dwelling units for occupancy or purchase by very low-income and low-income families and would retain such affordability for the longest term.
''(2) MULTIPROPERTY PURCHASES.—The Corporation shall give preference, among substantially similar offers made under paragraph (4) or (5) of subsection (d) to purchase more than one eligible multifamily housing property as a part of the same negotiation, to offers made by purchasers who agree to maintain low-income occupancy in each separate property purchased in compliance with the levels required for properties under subsection (d)(7)(A).
''(3) DEFINITION OF SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR OFFERS.—For purposes of this subsection, a given offer to purchase eligible multifamily housing property or combinations of such properties shall be considered to be substantially similar to another offer if the purchase price under such given offer is not less than 85 percent of the purchase price under the other offer.
''(g) FINANCING SALES.—
''(1) ASSISTANCE BY CORPORATION.—
''(A) SALE PRICE.—The Corporation shall establish a market value for each eligible multifamily housing property. The Corporation shall sell eligible multifamily housing property at the net realizable market value, except that the Corporation may agree to sell eligible multifamily housing property at a price below the net realizable market value to the extent necessary to facilitate an expedited sale of such property and enable a public agency or nonprofit organization to comply with the low-income occupancy requirements applicable to such property under subsection (d)(7). The Corporation may sell eligible single family prop-