105 STAT. 2364              PUBLIC LAW 102-242 - DEC. 19, 1991

        "(A) IN GENERAL. - The Corporation shall insure the de-
  posits of all insured depository institutions as provided in
  this Act.
        "(B) NET AMOUNT OF INSURED DEPOSIT. - The net amount
  due to any depositor at an insured depository institution
  shall not exceed $100,000 as determined in accordance with
  subparagraphs (C) and (D).
        "(C) AGGREGATION OF DEPOSITS. - For the purpose of deter-
  mining the net amount due to any depositor under subpara-
  graph (B), the Corporation shall aggregate the amounts of
  all deposits in the insured depository institution which are
  maintained by a depositor in the same capacity and the
  same right for the benefit of the depositor either in the
  name of the depositor or in the name of any other person,
  other than any amount in a trust fund described in section
  7(i)(1).
        "(D) COVERAGE ON PRO RATA OR 'PASS-THROUGH' BASIS. -
              "(i) IN GENERAL. - Except as provided in clause (ii),
  for the purpose of determining the amount of insurance
  due under subparagraph (B), the Corporation shall pro-
  vide deposit insurance coverage with respect to deposits
  accepted by any insured depository institution on a pro
  rata or 'pass-through' basis to a participant in or bene-
  ficiary of an employee benefit plan (as defined in sec-
  tion 11(a)(8)(B)(ii)), including any eligible deferred com-
  pensation plan described in section 457 of the Internal
  Revenue Code of 1986.
              "(ii) EXCEPTION. - After the end of the 1-year period
  beginning on the date of the enactment of the Federal
  Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of
  1991, the Corporation shall not provide insurance cov-
  erage on a pro rata or 'pass-through' basis pursuant to
  clause (i) with respect to deposits accepted by any
  insured depository institution which, at the time such
  deposits are accepted, may not accept brokered deposits
  under section 29.
              "(iii) COVERAGE UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. -
  Clause (ii) shall not apply with respect to any deposit
  accepted by an insured depository institution described
  in such clause if, at the time the deposit is accepted -
                    "(I) the institution meets each applicable capital
  standard; and
                    "(II) the depositor receives a written statement
  from the institution that such deposits at such
  institution are eligible for insurance coverage on a
  pro rata or 'pass-through' basis."
  (2) CERTAIN RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS. - Section 11(a)(3) of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1821(a)(3)) is amended
to read as follows:
       "(3) CERTAIN RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS. -
             "(A) IN GENERAL. - Notwithstanding any limitation in
this Act relating to the amount of deposit insurance avail-
able for the account of any 1 depositor, deposits in an
insured depository institution made in connection with-
                    "(i) any individual retirement account described in
          section 408(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986;