PUBLIC LAW 102-242--DEC. 19, 1991
serious interest shall be in such form and include such informa-
tion as the Corporation may prescribe.
“(8) NOTICE OF READINESS FOR SALE.—Upon the expiration of
the period referred to in paragraph (2) for a property, the
Corporation shall provide written notice to any qualifying
multifamily purchaser that has expressed serious interest in the
property. Such notice shall specify the minimum terms and
conditions for sale of the property.
“(4) OFFERS BY QUALIFYING MULTIFAMILY PURCHASERS.—A
qualifying multifamily purchaser receiving notice in accordance
with paragraph (3) shall have 45 days (from the date notice is
received) to make a bona fide offer to purchase the property.
The Corporation shall accept an offer that complies with the
terms and conditions established by the Corporation. If, before
the expiration of such 45-day period, any offer to purchase a
property initially accepted by the Corporation is subsequently
rejected or fails (for any reason), the Corporation shall accept
another offer to purchase the property made during such period
that complies with the terms and conditions established by the
Corporation (if such another offer is made). The preceding
sentence may not be construed to require a qualifying multifam-
ily purchaser whose offer is accepted during the 45-day period to
purchase the property before the expiration of the period.
(5) EXTENSION OF RESTRICTED OFFER PERIODS.—The Corpora-
tion may provide notice to clearinghouses regarding, and offer
for sale under the provisions of paragraphs (1) through (4), any
eligible multifamily housing property—
(A) in which no qualifying multifamily purchaser has
expressed serious interest during the period referred to in
paragraph (2), or
(B) for which no qualifying multifamily purchaser has
made a bona fide offer before the expiration of the period
referred to in paragraph (4),
except that the Corporation may, in the discretion of the Cor-
poration, alter the duration of the periods referred to in para-
graphs (2) and (4) in offering any property for sale under this
paragraph.
**(6) SALE OF MULTIFAMILY PROPERTIES TO OTHER PURCHASERS.—
(A) TIMING.—If, upon the expiration of the period re-
ferred to in paragraph (2), no qualifying multifamily pur-
chaser has expressed serious interest in a property, the
Corporation may offer to sell the property, individually or
in combination with other properties, to any purchaser.
(8) LIMITATION ON COMBINATION SALES.—The Corpora-
tion may not sell in combination with other properties any
property for which a qualifying multifamily purchaser has
expressed serious interest in purchasing individually.
(0) EXPIRATION OF OFFER PERIOD.—If, upon the expira-
tion of the period referred to in paragraph (4), no qualifying
multifamily purchaser has made an offer to purchase a
property, the Corporation may offer to sell the property,
individually or in combination with other properties, to any
purchaser.
(7) LOW-INCOME OCCUPANCY REQUIREMENTS.—
(A) SINGLE PROPERTY PURCHASES.—With respect to any
purchase of a single eligible multifamily housing property