105 STAT. 2370          PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

(D) ASSESSMENT PROCEDURE.—Any penalty imposed under this paragraph shall be assessed and collected by the Corporation in the manner provided in section 206(k)(2) (for penalties imposed under such section) and any such assessment (including the determination of the amount of the penalty) shall be subject to the provisions of such section.

(E) HEARING.—Any insured credit union against which any penalty is assessed under this paragraph shall be afforded an agency hearing if the institution submits a request for such hearing within 20 days after the issuance of the notice of the assessment. Section 206(j) shall apply to any proceeding under this subparagraph.

(F) SPECIAL RULE FOR DISPUTED PAYMENTS.—No penalty may be assessed for the failure of any insured credit union to pay any deposit or premium for insurance if—

(i) the failure is due to a dispute between the credit union and the Board over the amount of the deposit or premium which is due from the credit union; and 
(ii) the credit union deposits security satisfactory to the Board for payment of the deposit or insurance premium upon final determination of the dispute.”.

Subtitle C—Demonstration Project and Studies

12 USC 1811 note. SEC. 321. FEASIBILITY STUDY ON AUTHORIZING INSURED AND UNINSURED DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS.

(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall study the feasibility of authorizing insured depository institutions to offer both insured and uninsured deposit accounts to customers. 
(b) FACTORS TO CONSIDER.—In conducting the study required under subsection (a), the Corporation shall consider the following factors:
     (1) The risk a 2-window deposit system would pose to the deposit insurance system.
     (2) The disclosure standards which would be necessary to prevent customer confusion over the insured status of deposits and fraudulent or misleading practices with respect to such insured status.
     (3) The extent to which accounting standards would have to be revised or changed.
     (4) The manner in which a 2-window deposit plan could be implemented with the least disruption to the stability of, and the confidence of consumers in, the banking system.
     
(c) REPORT.—Before the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Corporation shall submit a report to the Congress containing the Corporation’s conclusions with respect to the study under subsection (a) and any recommendations for legislative or administrative action the Corporation may determine to be appropriate.

12 USC 1811 note. SEC. 322. PRIVATE REINSURANCE STUDY.
 
(a) STUDY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury and individuals from the private sector with expertise in private insurance, private reinsurance, depository