105 STAT. 2372	                               PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

                    (4) such netting procedures would reduce the systemic risk
              within the banking system and financial markets; and
                    (5) the effectiveness of such netting procedures can be assured
              only if they are recognized as valid and legally binding in the
              event of the closing of a financial institution participating in
              the netting procedures.

12 USC 4402. SEC. 402.  DEFINITIONS.

       For purposes of this subtitle—
              (1) BROKER OR DEALER.—The term "broker or dealer" means—
                     (A) any company that is registered or licensed under
              Federal or State law to engage in the business of brokering,
              underwriting, or dealing in securities in the United States;
              and
                     (B) to the extent consistent with this title, as determined
              by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,
              any company that is an affiliate of a company described in
              subparagraph (A) and that is engaged in the business of
              entering into netting contracts.
              (2) CLEARING ORGANIZATION.—The term "clearing organiza-
       tion" means a clearinghouse, clearing association, clearing cor-
       poration, or similar organization—
                     (A) that provides clearing, netting, or settlement services
              for its members and—
                           (i) in which all members other than the clearing
                     organization itself are financial institutions or other
                     clearing organizations; or
                        (ii) which is registered as a clearing agency under the
              Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or
                     (B) that performs clearing functions for a contract market
              designated pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act.
       (3) COVERED CLEARING OBLIGATION.—The term "covered clear-
ing obligation" means an obligation of a member of a clearing
organization to make payment to another member of a clearing
organization, subject to a netting contract.
       (4) COVERED CONTRACTUAL PAYMENT ENTITLEMENT.—The term
"covered contractual payment entitlement" means—
                     (A) an entitlement of a financial institution to receive a
              payment, subject to a netting contract from another finan-
              cial institution; and
                     (B) an entitlement of a member of a clearing organization
              to receive payment, subject to a netting contract, from
              another member of a clearing organization of a covered
              clearing obligation.
       (5) COVERED CONTRACTUAL PAYMENT OBLIGATION.—The term
"covered contractual payment obligation" means—
                     (A) an obligation of a financial institution to make pay-
              ment, subject to a netting contract to another financial
              institution; and
                     (B) a covered clearing obligation.
       (6) DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION.—The term "depository institu-
tion" means—
                     (A) a depository institution as defined in section
              19(b)( 1)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (other than clause
              (viii));
                     (B) a branch or agency as defined in section 1(b) of the
              International Banking Act of 1978;