PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991    105 STAT. 2243

"(iii) establishing and maintaining an adequate in-
ternal control structure and procedures for financial 
reporting; and
"(iii) complying with the laws and regulations relat-
ing to safety and soundness which are designated by 
the Corporation or the appropriate Federal banking
agency; and
"(B) an assessment, as of the end of the institution’s most
recent fiscal year, of—
"(i) the effectiveness of such internal control struc-
ture and procedures; and
"(ii) the institution's compliance with the laws and
regulations relating to safety and soundness which are
designated by the Corporation and the appropriate Fed-
eral banking agency.
"(c) INTERNAL CONTROL EVALUATION AND REPORTING REQUIRE-
MENTS FOR INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—With respect to any internal control report
required by subsection (b)(2) of any institution, the institution’s
independent public accountant shall attest to, and report sepa-
rately on, the assertions of the institution’s management con-
tained in such report.
"(2) ATTESTATION REQUIREMENTS.—Any attestation pursuant
to paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with generally
accepted standards for attestation engagements.
"(d) ANNUAL INDEPENDENT AUDITS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.—
"(1) AUDITS REQUIRED.—The Corporation, in consultation with
the appropriate Federal banking agencies, shall prescribe regu-
lations requiring that each insured depository institution shall
have an annual independent audit made of the institution’s
financial statements by an independent public accountant in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and
section 37.
"(2) SCOPE OF AUDIT.—In connection with any audit under this
subsection, the independent public accountant shall determine
and report whether the financial statements of the institution—
"(A) are presented fairly in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and
"(B) comply with such other disclosure requirements as
the Corporation and the appropriate Federal banking
agency may prescribe.
"(3) REQUIREMENTS FOR INSURED SUBSIDIARIES OF HOLDING
COMPANIES.—The requirements for an independent audit under 
this subsection may be satisfied for insured depository institu-
tions that are subsidiaries of a holding company by an
independent audit of the holding company.
(e) DETECTING AND REPORTING VIOLATIONS OF LAWS AND
REGULATIONS.
"(1) IN GENERAL.—An independent public accountant shall
apply procedures agreed upon by the Corporation to objectively
determine the extent of the compliance of any insured deposi-
tory institution or depository institution holding company with
laws and regulations designated by the Corporation, in consulta-
tion with the appropriate Federal banking agencies.
"(2) ATTESTATION REQUIREMENTS.—Any attestation pursuant
to paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with generally
accepted standards for attestation engagements.