PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991  105 STAT. 2271

tion to become adequately capitalized (as defined in section 
38(b)) without Federal assistance.
"(H) VIOLATIONS OF LAW.—Any violation of any law or 
regulation, or any unsafe or unsound practice or condition 
that is likely to—
"(i) cause insolvency or substantial dissipation of 
assets or earnings;
"(ii) weaken the institution's condition; or
"(iii) otherwise seriously prejudice the interests of 
the institution's depositors or the deposit insurance 
fund.
"(I) CONSENT.—The institution, by resolution of its board 
of directors or its shareholders or members, consents to the 
appointment.
(J) CESSATION OF INSURED STATUS.—The institution 
ceases to be an insured institution.
(K) UNDERCAPITALIZATION.—The institution is 
undercapitalized (as defined in section 38(b)), and—
(i) has no reasonable prospect of becoming ade¬
quately capitalized (as defined in that section);
(ii) fails to become adequately capitalized when re¬
quired to do so under section 38(f)(2)(A);
(iii) fails to submit a capital restoration plan accept¬
able to that agency within the time prescribed under 
section 38(e)(2)(D); or
(iv) materially fails to implement a capital restora¬
tion plan submitted and accepted under section 38(e)(2).
(L) The institution—
(i) is critically undercapitalized, as defined in sec¬
tion 38(b); or
(ii) otherwise has substantially insufficient capital.’’.
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO AUTHORITY TO APPOINT RECEIVER 
FOR NATIONAL BANK.—Section 1 of the Act of June 30, 1876 (12 
U.S.C. 191) is amended to read as follows:
"SECTION 1. The Comptroller of the Currency may, without prior 
notice or hearings, appoint the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora¬
tion as receiver for any national banking association if the 
Comptroller determines, in the Comptroller’s discretion, that—
(1) 1 or more of the grounds specified in section 11(c)(5) of the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act exist; or 
(2) the association’s board of directors consists of fewer than 
5 members.’’.
(c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO THE BANK CONSERVATION ACT.—
Section 203(a) of the Bank Conservation Act (12 U.S.C. 203(a)) is 
amended to read as follows:
"(a) APPOINTMENT.—The Comptroller of the Currency may, with¬
out prior notice or hearings, appoint a conservator (which may be 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation) to the possession and 
control of a bank whenever the Comptroller of the Currency deter¬
mines that 1 or more of the grounds specified in section 11(c)(5) of 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act exist.’’.
(d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO THE HOME OWNERS’ LOAN 
ACT.—Section 5(d)(2) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 
1464(d)(2)) is amended—
(1) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (D) and inserting 
the following:
