105 STAT. 2324          PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

erty or eligible condominium property to qualifying house-
holds, nonprofit organizations, and public agencies without
regard to any minimum sale price.
  "(B) PURCHASE LOAN.—The Corporation may provide a
loan at market interest rates to any purchaser of eligible
residential property for all or a portion of the purchase
price, which loan shall be secured by a first or second
mortgage on the property. The Corporation may provide
the loan at below market interest rates to the extent nec-
essary to facilitate an expedited sale of eligible residential
property and permit (i) a low-income family to purchase an
eligible single family property under subsection (c), or (ii) a
public agency or nonprofit organization to comply with the
low-income occupancy requirements applicable to the pur-
chase of an eligible residential property under subsection (c)
or (d). The Corporation shall provide loans under this
subparagraph in a form permitting sale or transfer of the
loan to a subsequent holder. In providing financing for
combinations of eligible multifamily housing properties
under this section, the Corporation may hold a participat-
ing share, including a subordinate participation.
   "(2) ASSISTANCE BY HUD.—The Secretary shall take such
action as may be necessary to expedite the processing of applica-
tions for assistance under section 202 of the Housing Act of
1959, the United States Housing Act of 1937, title IV of the
Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act, and the Na-
tional Housing Act, to enable any organization or individual to
purchase eligible residential property.
   "(3) ASSISTANCE BY FMHA.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall
take such action as may be necessary to expedite the processing
of applications for assistance under title V of the Housing Act of
1949 to enable any organization or individual to purchase eligi-
ble residential property.
   "(4) EXCEPTION TO DISPOSITION RULES.—Notwithstanding the
requirements under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), and (8) of
subsection (d), the Corporation may provide for the disposition
of eligible multifamily housing properties as necessary to facili-
tate purchase of such properties for use in connection with
section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959.
   "(5) BULK ACQUISITIONS UNDER HOME INVESTMENT PARTNER-
SHIPS ACT—
  "(A) PURCHASE PRICE.—In providing for bulk acquisition
of eligible single family properties by participating jurisdic-
tions for inclusion in affordable housing activities under
title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Hous-
ing Act, the Corporation shall agree to an amount to be
paid for acquisition of such properties. The acquisition price
shall include discounts for bulk purchase and for holding of
the property such that the acquisition price for each prop-
erty shall not exceed the fair market value of the property,
as valued individually.
  "(B) EXEMPTIONS.—To the extent necessary to facilitate
sale of properties under this paragraph, the requirements
of subsections (c) and (f) and of paragraph (1) of this subsec-
tion shall not apply to such transactions and properties
involved in such transactions.