PUBLIC LAW 102-242-DEC. 19, 1991	105 STAT. 2329

"(1) IN GENERAL.-The provisions of this section, or any fail- 
ure by the Corporation to comply with such provisions, may not 
be used by any person to attack or defeat any title to property 
after it is conveyed by the Corporation.

"(2) LOW-INCOME OCCUPANCY.-The low-income occupancy 
requirements Under subsections (c), (d), Q)(3), (k)(2), and (l)(3) 
shall be judicially enforceable against purchasers of property 
under this section and their successors in interest by affected 
very low- and low-income families, State housing finance agen- 
cies, and any agency, corporation, or authority of the United 
States. The parties specified in the preceding sentence shall be 
entitled to reasonable attorney fees upon prevailing in any such 
judicial action.

"(3) CLEARINGHOUSES.-A clearinghouse shall not be subject 
to suit for its failure to comply with the requirements of this 
section.

"(4} CoRPORATION.-The Corporation shall not be liable to any 
depositor, creditor, or shareholder of any insured depository 
institution for which the Corporation has been appointed re- 
ceiver, or any claimant against such an institution, because the 
disposition of assets of the institution under this section affects 
the amount of return from the assets.

"(n) AFFORDABLE HOUSING PROGRAM OFFICE.-The Corporation 
shall establish an Affordable Housing Program Office within the 
Corporation to carry out the provisions of this section and shall 
dedicate certain staff of the Corporation to the office.

"(o) REPORT.-To the extent applicable, in the annual report 
submitted by the Secretary to the Congress under section 8 of the 
Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, the Secretary 
shall include a detailed description of any activities under this 
section, including recommendations for any additional authority the 
Secretary considers necessary to implement the provisions of this 
section.

"(p) DEFINITIONS.-For purposes of this section:

"(1) ADJUSTED INCOME AND INCOME.-The terms 'adjusted 
income' and 'income' shall have the meaning given such terms 
in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937.

"(2) CLEARINGHOUSE.-The term 'clearinghouse' means- 
"(A) the State housing finance agency for the State in 
which an eligible residential property or eligible condomin- 
ium property is located; 
"(B) the Office of Community Investment (or other com- 
parable division) within the Federal Housing Finance 
Board; and 
"(C) any national nonprofit organizations (including any 
nonprofit entity established by the corporation established 
under title IX of the Housing and Community Development 
Act of 1968) that the Corporation determines has the capac- 
ity to act as a clearinghouse for information.

"(3) CORPORATION.-The term 'Corporation' means the Fed- 
eral Deposit Insurance Corporation acting in its corporate 
capacity or its capacity as receiver.

"(4) ELIGIBLE CONDOMINIUM PROPERTY.-The term 'eligible 
condominium property' means a condominium unit, as such 
term is defined in section 604 of the Housing and Community 
Development Act of 1980- 
"(A) to which such Corporation acquires title; and