PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991 105 STAT. 2245

(A) IN GENERAL.—All audit services required by this section shall be performed only by an independent public accountant who—
(i) has agreed to provide related working papers, policies, and procedures to the Corporation, an appropriate Federal banking agency, any State bank supervisor, if requested; and
(ii) has received a peer review that meets guidelines acceptable to the Corporation.
(B) REPORTS ON PEER REVIEWS—Reports on peer reviews shall be filed with the Corporation and made available for public inspection. 

(4) ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—In addition to authority contained in section 8, the Corporation or an appropriate Federal banking agency may remove suspend, or bar an independent public accountant, upon a showing of good cause from performing audit services required by this section.
(B) JOINT RULEMAKING.—The appropriate Federal banking agencies shall jointly issue rules of practice to implement this paragraph.

(5) NOTICE BY ACCOUNTANT OF TERMINATION OF SERVICES.—Any independent public accountant performing an audit under this section who subsequently ceases to be the accountant for the institution shall promptly notify the Corporation pursuant to such rules as the Corporation shall prescribe.
(h) EXCHANGE OF REPORTS AND INFORMATION.—
(1) REPORT TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR—
(A) IN GENERAL. —Each insured depository institution which has engaged the services of an independent auditor to audit such institution shall transmit to the auditor a copy of the most recent report of condition made by the institution (pursuant to this Act or any other provision of law) and a copy of the most recent report of examination received by the institution.
(B) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. —In addition to the copies of the reports required to be provided under subparagraph (A), each insured depository institution shall provide the auditor with—
(i) a copy of any supervisory memorandum of understanding with such institution and any written agreement between such institution and any appropriate Federal banking agency or any appropriate State bank supervisor which is in effect during the period covered by the audit; and
(ii) a report of—
(1) any action initiated or taken by the appropriate Federal banking agency or the Corporation during such period under subsection (a), (b), (c), (e), (g), (i), (s), or (t) of section 8;
(II) any action taken by any appropriate State bank supervisor under State law which is similar to any action referred to in such law; or
(III) any assessment of any civil money penalty under any other provision of law with respect to the institution or any institution-affiliated party.

(2) REPORTS TO BANKING AGENCIES.—