105 STAT. 2368         PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

owned or controlled by the United States may not, directly or indirectly, make any payment or provide any assistance, guarantee, or transfer under this Act or any other provision of law in connection with any insured depository institution which would have the direct or indirect effect of satisfying, in whole or in part, any claim against the institution for obligations of the institution which would constitute deposits as defined in section 3(1) but for subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 3(1)(5).”.
    “(b) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any payment, assistance, guarantee, or transfer made or provided by the Corporation if the Board of Directors determines in writing that such action is not inconsistent with any requirement of section 13(c).
    “(c) DISCOUNT WINDOW LENDING.—No provision of this section shall be construed as prohibiting any Federal Reserve bank from making advances or otherwise extending credit pursuant to the Federal Reserve Act to any insured depository institution to the extent that such advance or extension of credit is consistent with the conditions and limitations imposed under section 10B of such Act.”.

SEC. 313. PENALTY FOR FALSE ASSESSMENT REPORTS.
    (a) INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.—Section 7(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
            “(5) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO MAKE ACCURATE CERTIFIED STATEMENT.—
                “(A) FIRST TIER.—Any insured depository institution which—
                    “(i) maintains procedures reasonably adapted to avoid any inadvertent error and, unintentionally and as a result of such an error, fails to submit the certified statement under paragraph (1) or (2) within the period of time required under paragraph (1) or (2) or submits a false or misleading certified statement; or
                    “(ii) submits the statement at a time which is minimally after the time required in such paragraph,
                shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $2,000 for each day during which such failure continues or such false and misleading information is not corrected. The institution shall have the burden of proving that an error was inadvertent or that a statement was inadvertently submitted late.
                “(B) SECOND TIER.—Any insured depository institution which fails to submit the certified statement under paragraph (1) or (2) within the period of time required under paragraph (1) or (2) or submits a false or misleading certified statement in a manner not described in subparagraph (A) shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $20,000 for each day during which such failure continues or such false and misleading information is not corrected.
                “(C) THIRD TIER.—Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) and (B), if any insured depository institution knowingly or with reckless disregard for the accuracy of any certified statement described in paragraph (1) or (2) submits a false or misleading certified statement under paragraph (1) or (2), the Corporation may assess a penalty of not more than $1,000,000 or not more than 1 percent of the total assets of