PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991                                                                                                              105 STAT. 2367

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, in conjunction with such consultants and technical experts as the Corporation determines to be appropriate, shall conduct a study of the cost and feasibility of tracking the insured and uninsured deposits of any individual and the exposure, under any Act of Congress or any regulation of any appropriate Federal banking agency, of the Federal Government with respect to all insured depository institutions.
(2 ) ANALYSIS OF COSTS AND BENEFITS.—The study under paragraph (1) shall include detailed, technical analysis of the costs and benefits associated with the least expensive way to implement the system.
(3) SPECIFIC FACTORS TO BE STUDIED.—As part of the study under paragraph (1), the Corporation shall investigate, review, and evaluate—
(A) the data systems that would be required to track deposits in all insured depository institutions;
(B) the reporting burdens of such tracking on individual depository institutions;
(C) the systems which exist or which would be required to be developed to aggregate such data on an accurate basis;
(D) the implications such tracking would have for individual privacy; and
(E) the manner in which systems would be administered and enforced.
(4) FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD SURVEY.—As part of the informational study required under paragraph (1), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall conduct, in conjunction with other Federal departments and agencies as necessary, a survey of the ownership of deposits held by individuals ineluding the dollar amount of deposits held, the type of deposit accounts held, and the type of financial institutions in which the deposit accounts are held.
(5) ANALYSIS BY FDIC.—The results of the survey under paragraph (4) shall be provided to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act for analysis and inclusion in the informational study.
(6) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Before the end of the 18-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall submit to the Congress a report containing a detailed statement of findings made and conclusions drawn from the study conducted under this section, including such recommendations for administrative and legislative action as the Corporation determines to be appropriate.

SEC. 312. FOREIGN DEPOSITS.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 40 (as added by preceding provisions of this Act) the following new section:

"SEC. 41. PAYMENTS ON FOREIGN DEPOSITS PROHIBITED.
                                                                                                                               12 USC 1831r.

"(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Resolution Trust Corporation, any other agency, department, and instrumentality of the United States, and any corporation