105 STAT. 2268 PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

(b) ASSET QUALITY, EARNINGS, AND STOCK VALUATION STAND-
ARDS. — Each appropriate Federal banking agency shall, for all in-
sured depository institutions and depository institution holding
companies, prescribe —
(1) standards specifying —
(A) a maximum ratio of classified assets to capital;
(B) minimum earnings sufficient to absorb losses with-
out impairing capital; and
(C) to the extent feasible, a minimum ratio of market
value to book value for publicly traded shares of the institu-
tion or company; and
(2) such other standards relating to asset quality, earnings,
and valuation as the agency determines to be appropriate.
(c) COMPENSATION STANDARDS. – Each appropriate Federal bank-
ing agency shall, for all insured depository institutions, prescribe —
(1) standards prohibiting as an unsafe and unsound practice
any employment contract, compensation or benefit agreement,
fee arrangement, perquisite, stock option plan, post-employment
benefit, or other compensatory arrangement that—
(A) would provide any executive officer, employee, direc-
tor, or principal shareholder of the institution with exces-
sive compensation, fees or benefits; or
(B) could lead to material financial loss to the institu-
tion;
(2) standards specifying when compensation, fees, or benefits
referred to in paragraph (1) are excessive, which shall require
the agency to determine whether the amounts are unreasonable
or disproportionate to the services actually performed by the
individual by considering—
(A) the combined value of all cash and noncash benefits
provided to the individual;
(B) the compensation history of the individual and other
individuals with comparable expertise at the institution;
(C) the financial condition of the institution;
(D) comparable compensation practices at comparable
institutions, based upon such factors as asset size, geo-
graphic location, and the complexity of the loan portfolio or
other assets;
(E) for postemployment benefits, the projected total cost
and benefit to the institution;
(F) any connection between the individual and any
fraudulent act or omission, breach of trust or fiduciary
duty, or insider abuse with regard to the institution; and
(G) other factors that the agency determines to be rel-
evant; and
(3) such other standards relating to compensation, fees, and
benefits as the agency determines to be appropriate.
(d) STANDARDS TO BE PRESCRIBED BY REGULATION. – Standards
under subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall be prescribed by regulation.
(e) FAILURE TO MEET STANDARDS. –
(1) PLAN REQUIRED. —
(A) IN GENERAL. – If the appropriate Federal banking
agency determines that an insured depository institution or
depository institution holding company fails to meet any
standard prescribed under subsection (a), (b), or (c) the
agency shall require the institution or company to submit