105 STAT. 2328		PUBLIC LAW 102–242–DEC. 19, 1991
useful life of the property, or (ii) made available for pur- chase by any such family who, except as provided in para- graph (5), agrees to occupy the property as a principal residence for at least 12 months and certifies in writing that the family intends to occupy the property for at least 12 months. The restriction described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence shall be contained in the deed or other recorded instrument.
“(C)  SALE TO OTHER PURCHASERS.—If, upon the expiration of the 180-day period referred to in paragraph (2), no pur- chaser described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of para-  graph (2) has made a bona fide offer to purchase the property, the Corporation may offer to sell the property to any other purchaser.
“(4)  RECAPTURE OF PROFITS FROM RESALE.—Except as provided in paragraph (5), if any eligible condominium property sold (A) to a qualifying household, or (B) to a low-income family pursu- ant to paragraph (3)(A)(ii) or (3)(B)(ii), is resold by the qualifying household or low-income family during the 1-year period begin- ning upon initial acquisition by the household or family, the Corporation shall recapture 75 percent of the amount of any proceeds from the resale that exceed the sum of (i) the original sale price for the acquisition of the property by the qualifying household, low-income family, (ii) the costs of any improve- ments to the property made after the date of the acquisition, and (iii) any closing costs in connection with the acquisition. 
“(5)  EXCEPTION TO RECAPTURE REQUIREMENT.—The Corpora- tion (or its successor) may in its discretion waive the applicabil- ity to any qualifying household or low-income family of the requirement under paragraph (4) and the requirements relating to residency of a qualifying household or low-income family (under subsection (p)(12) and paragraph (3) of this subsection, respectively). The Corporation may grant any such a waiver only for good cause shown, including any necessary relocation of the qualifying household or low-income family.
“(6)  LIMITATIONS ON MULTIPLE UNIT PURCHASES.—The Corpora- tion may not sell or offer to sell as part of the same negotiation or purchase any eligible condominium properties that are not located in the same condominium project (as such term is defined in section 604 of the Housing and Community Develop- ment Act of 1980). The proceeding sentence may not be construed to require all eligible condominium properties offered or sold as part of the same negotiation or purchase to be located in the same structure.
“(7)  RENT LIMITATIONS.—Rents charged to tenants of eligible condominium properties made available for occupancy by very low-income families shall not exceed 30 percent of the adjusted income of a family whose income equals 50 percent of the median income for the area, as determined by the Secretary, with adjustment for family size. Rents charged to tenants of eligible condominium properties made available for occupancy by low-income families other than very low-income families shall not exceed 30 percent of the adjusted income of a family whose income equals 65 percent of the median income for the area, as determined by the Secretary, with adjustment for family size.
“(m)  LIABILITY PROVISIONS.— 