PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991                105 STAT. 2369

the institution, whichever is less, per day for each day 
during which the failure continues or the false or mislead-
ing information in such statement is not corrected.
   "(D) ASSESSMENT PROCEDURE.—Any penalty imposed
under this paragraph shall be assessed and collected by the
Corporation in the manner provided in subparagraphs (E),
(F), (G), and (I) of section 8(i)(2) (for penalties imposed under
such section) and any such assessment (including the deter-
mination of the amount of the penalty) shall be subject to
the provisions of such section.
    "(E) HEARING.—Any insured depository institution
against which any penalty is assessed under this paragraph
shall be afforded an agency hearing if the institution sub-
mits a request for such hearing within 20 days after the
issuance of the notice of the assessment. Section 8(h) shall
apply to any proceeding under this subparagraph.".
          (b) INSURED CREDIT UNIONS.—Section 202(d)(2) of the Federal 
Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1782(d)(2)) is amended to read as follows:
        "(2) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO MAKE ACCURATE CERTIFIED STATE-
       MENT OR TO PAY DEPOSIT OR PREMIUM.—
        "(A) FIRST TIER.—Any insured credit union which—
               "(i) maintains procedures reasonably adapted to
          avoid any inadvertent error and, unintentionally and
          as a result of such an error, fails to submit any certified
          statement under subsection (b)(1) within the period of
          time required or submits a false or misleading certified
          statement under such subsection; or
                "(ii) submits the statement at a time which is mini-
          mally after the time required,
       shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $2,000 for
      each day during which such failure continues or such false
      and misleading information is not corrected. The insured
      credit union shall have the burden of proving that an error
      was inadvertent or that a statement was inadvertently
       submitted late.
           "(B) SECOND TIER.—Any insured credit union which—
                 "(i) fails to submit any certified statement under
       subsection (b)(1) within the period of time required or
       submits a false or misleading certified statement in a
       manner not described in subparagraph (A); or
                 "(ii) fails or refuses to pay any deposit or premium
       for insurance required under this title,
      shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $20,000 for
      each day during which such failure continues, such false
      and misleading information is not corrected, or such deposit
      or premium is not paid.
          "(C) THIRD TIER.—Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A)
      and (B), if any insured depository institution knowingly or
      with reckless disregard for the accuracy of any certified
     statement under subsection (b)(1) or submits a false or
     misleading certified statement under such subsection, the
    Corporation may assess a penalty of not more than
    $1,000,000 or not more than 1 percent of the total assets of
    the institution, whichever is less, per day for each day
    during which the failure continues or the false or mislead-
    ing information in such statement is not corrected.