PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991                105 STAT. 2273

to the institution’s shareholders or creditors for acquiescing in 
or consenting in good faith to—
            “(A) the appointment of the Corporation or the Resolu-
tion Trust Corporation as conservator or receiver for that 
institution; or
            “(B) an acquisition or combination under section 
38(f)(2)(A)(iii).
            (13) ADDITIONAL POWERS.—In any case in which the Corpora-
tion is appointed conservator or receiver under paragraph (4),
(6), (9), or (10) for any insured State depository institution—
            “(A) subject to subparagraph (B), this section shall apply 
to the Corporation as conservator or receiver in the same 
manner and to the same extent as if that institution were a
Federal depository institution for which the Corporation
had been appointed conservator or receiver;
            “(B) the Corporation shall apply the law of the State in 
which the institution is chartered insofar as that law gives 
the claims of depositors priority over those of other credi-
tors or claimants; and
            “(C) the Corporation as receiver of the institution may—
                        “(i) liquidate the institution in an orderly manner; 
and
                        “(ii) make any other disposition of any matter
concerning the institution, as the Corporation deter-
mines is in the best interests of the institution, the 
depositors of the institution, and the Corporation.”.
            (f) CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL RESERVE ACT.—
Section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new subsection:
            “(p) AUTHORITY TO APPOINT CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER.—The 
Board may appoint the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as 
conservator or receiver for a State member bank under section
11(c)(9) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.”.
            (g) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall 
become effective 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act.  12 USC 191
                                                                                                note.

Subtitle E—Least-Cost Resolution
SEC. 141. LEAST-COST RESOLUTION.
            (a) LEAST-COST RESOLUTIONS REQUIRED.—
                       (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 13(c) of the Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1823(c)) is amended—
                                    (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), (7), (8), and (9), as 
paragraphs (6), (7), (8), (9), and (10), respectively;
                                    (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) of paragraph (4) as 
paragraph (5); and
                                    (C) by amending paragraph (4) (as amended by subpara-
graph (B) of this paragraph) to read as follows:
                                    “(4) LEAST-COST RESOLUTION REQUIRED.—
                                    “(A) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Act, the Corporation may not exercise any authority 
under this subsection or subsection (d), (f), (h), (i), or (k) with
respect to any insured depository institution unless—
                                                “(i) the Corporation determines that the exercise of 
such authority is necessary to meet the obligation of