105 STAT. 2378    PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

Subtitle E—Utilization of Private Sector

SEC. 426. UTILIZATION OF PRIVATE SECTOR.

Section 11(d)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
1821(d)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following new
subparagraph:

"(K) UTILIZATION OF PRIVATE SECTOR.—In carrying out its
responsibilities in the management and disposition of assets
from insured depository institutions, as conservator, re-
ceiver, or in its corporate capacity, the Corporation shall
utilize the services of private persons, including real estate
and loan portfolio asset management, property manage-
ment, auction marketing, and brokerage services, if such
services are available in the private sector and the Corpora-
tion determines utilization of such services is practicable,
efficient, and cost effective.".


SEC. 427. REPORTING.

Section 17 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1827) is
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:

"(h) ADDITIONAL REPORTS.
    
"(1) IN GENERAL. In addition to the reports required under
subsections (a), (b), and (c), the Corporation shall submit to
Congress not later than April 30 and October 31 of each year, a
semiannual report on the activities and efforts of the Corpora-
tion for the 6-month period ending on the last day of the month
prior to the month in which such report is required to be
submitted.


"(2) CONTENTS OF REPORT. Each semiannual report required
under this subsection shall include the following information
with respect to the Corporation's assets and liabilities and the
assets and liabilities of institutions for which the Corporation
serves as a conservator or receiver:

"(A) A statement of the total book value of all assets held
or managed by the Corporation at the beginning and end of
the reporting period.

"(B) A statement of the total book value of such assets
which are under contract to be managed by private persons
and entities at the beginning and end of the reporting
period.

"(C) The number of employees of the Corporation at the
beginning and end of the reporting period.

"(D) A statement of the total amount expended on private
contractors for the management of such assets.

"(E) A statement of the efforts of the Corporation to
maximize the efficient utilization of the resources of the
private sector during the reporting period and in future
reporting periods and a description of the policies and
procedures adopted to ensure adequate competition and fair
and consistent treatment of qualified third parties seeking
to provide services to the Corporation.".