PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19,1991
 105 STAT. 2311

SEC. 233. ASSESSMENT CREDITS FOR QUALIFYING ACTIVITIES RELATING
 TO DISTRESSED COMMUNITIES.

 12 use 1834a
(a) DETERMINATION OF CREDITS FOR INCREASES IN COMMUNITY
 ENTERPRISE ACTIVITIES. —
(1) IN GENERAL. — The Community Enterprise Assessment
 Credit Board established under subsection (d) shall issue guide¬
 lines for insured depository institutions eligible under this
 subsection for any community enterprise assessment credit with
 respect to any semiannual period. Such guidelines shall —
 (A) designate the eligibility requirements for any institu¬
 tion meeting applicable capital standards to receive an
 assessment credit under section 7(d)(4) of the Federal De¬
 posit Insurance Act; and
 (B) determine the community enterprise assessment
 credit available to any eligible institution under paragraph
(3).
(2) QUALIFYING ACTIVITIES. — An insured depository institution
 shall be eligible for any community enterprise assessment
 credit for any semiannual period for —
 (A) any increase during such period in the amount of new
 originations of qualified loans and other financial assist- \
 ance provided for low- and moderate-income persons in
 distressed communities, or enterprises integrally involved
 with such neighborhoods, which the Board determines are
 qualified to be taken into account for purposes of this
 subsection; and
 (B) any increase during such period in the amount of
 deposits accepted fi'om persons domiciled in the distressed
 community, at any office of the institution (including any
 branch) located in any qualified distressed community, and
 any increase during such period in the amount of new
 originations of loans and other financial assistance made
 within that community, except that in no case shall the
 credit for increased deposits at any institution or branch
 exceed the credit for increased loan and other financial
 assistance by the bank or branch in the distressed
 community.

(3) AMOUNT OF ASSESSMENT CREDIT. — The amount of any
 community enterprise assessment credit available under section
 7(d)(4) for any insured depository institution, or a qualified
 portion thereof, for any semiannual period shall be the amount
 which is equal to 5 percent, in the case of an institution which
 does not meet the community development organization
 requirements under section 235, and 15 percent, in the case of
 an institution, or a qualified portion thereof, which meets such
 requirements (or any percentage designated under paragraph (5)) of the sum of—
 (A) the amounts of assets described in paragraph (2)(A);
 and
 (B) the amounts of" deposits, loans, and other extensions of
 credit described in paragraph (2)(B).

(4) DETERMINATION OF QUALIFIED LOANS AND OTHER FINANCIAL
 ASSISTANCE. — Except as provided in paragraph (6), the types of
 loans and other financial assistance which the Board may
 determine to be qualified to be taken into account under para-