105 STAT, 2334

PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

the 2-year period beginning on the date of such discharge or discrimination.
"(3) REMEDIES.—If the district court determines that a violation has occurred, the court may order the Corporation or the person which committed the violation to—
"(A) reinstate the employee to the employee's former position;
"(B) pay compensatory damages; or 
"(C) take other appropriate actions to remedy any past discrimination.
"(4) LIMITATION.—The protections of this section shall not apply to any employee who—
"(A) deliberately causes or participates in the alleged violation of law or regulation; or 
"(B) knowingly or recklessly provides substantially false 
information to the Corporation, the Attorney General, or
any appropriate Federal banking agency."
12 USC 1441a 
note.

(2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (q) of section 21A of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (as added under the amendment made by paragraph (1)) shall be treated as having taken effect on August 9,1989, and for purposes of any cause of action arising under such subsection (as so effective) before the date of the enactment of this Act, the 2-year period referred to in section 21A(q)(2) of such Act shall be deemed to begin on such date of enactment.

Truth in Savings Act.
Consumer protection.
Public information.
12 USC 4301
note.
12 USC 4301.
SEC. 261. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the "Truth in Savings Act".

SEC. 262. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE.
(a) FINDINGS.—The Congress hereby finds that economic stability would be enhanced, competition between depository institutions would be improved, and the ability of the consumer to make informed decisions regarding deposit accounts, and to verify accounts, would be strengthened if there was uniformity in the disclosure of terms and conditions on which interest is paid and fees are assessed in connection with such accounts.
(b) PURPOSE.—It is the purpose of this subtitle to require the clear and uniform disclosure of—
(1) the rates of interest which are payable on deposit accounts by depository institutions; and
(2) the fees that are assessable against deposit accounts, so that consumers can make a meaningful comparison between the competing claims of depository institutions with regard to deposit accounts.

12 USC 4302.
SEC. 263. DISCLOSURE OF INTEREST RATES AND TERMS OF ACCOUNTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsection (b), each advertisement, announcement, or solicitation initiated by any depository institution or deposit broker relating to any demand or interest-bearing account offered by an insured depository institution which includes any reference to a specific rate of interest payable on amounts deposited in such account, or to a specific yield or rate of