PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991                    105 STAT. 2251

liabilities, including contingent assets and liabilities, of insured depository institutions be reported in, or otherwise taken into account in the preparation of any balance sheet, financial statement, report of condition, or other report of such institution, required to be filed with a Federal banking agency.

    "(D) MARKET VALUE DISCLOSURE.—Develop jointly with the other appropriate Federal banking agencies a method for insured depository institutions to provide supplemental disclosure of the estimated fair market value of assets and liabilities, to the extent feasible and practicable, in any balance sheet, financial statement, report of condition, or other report of any insured depository institution required to be filed with a Federal banking agency.
    "(b) UNIFORM ACCOUNTING OF CAPITAL STANDARDS.—
        "(1) IN GENERAL.—Each appropriate Federal banking agency shall maintain uniform accounting standards to be used for determining compliance with statutory or regulatory requirements of depository institutions.
        "(2) TRANSITION PROVISION.—Any standards in effect on the date of the enactment of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 under section 1215 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 shall continue in effect after such date of enactment until amended by the appropriate Federal banking agency under paragraph (1).
    "(c) REPORTS TO BANKING COMMITTEES.—
        "(1) ANNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED.—Each appropriate Federal banking agency shall annually submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate containing a description of any difference between any accounting or capital standard used by such agency and any accounting or capital standard used by any other agency.
        "(2) EXPLANATION OF REASONS FOR DISCREPANCY.—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall contain an explanation of the reasons for any discrepancy between any accounting or capital standard used by such agency and any accounting or capital standard used by any other agency.
        "(3) PUBLICATION.—Each report under this subsection shall be published in the Federal Register."
(b) REPEAL OF PROVISION SUPERSEDED BY SUBSECTION (a) AMENDMENTS.—Section 1215 of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1833d) is hereby repealed.

SEC. 122. SMALL BUSINESS AND SMALL FARM LOAN INFORMATION.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—Before the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the appropriate Federal banking agency shall prescribe regulations requiring insured depository institutions to annually submit information on small business and small farm lending in their reports of condition.
    (b) CREDIT AVAILABILITY.—The regulations prescribed under subsection (a) shall require insured depository institutions to submit such information as the agency may need to assess the availability of credit to small businesses and small farms.

                                                                                                                   Federal Register

                                                                                                                   publication.

                                                                                                                   Regulations
                                                                                                                   12 USC 1817 note.