PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991                       105 STAT.  2339

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Board shall publish model forms and
clauses for common disclosures to facilitate compliance with
this Act. In devising such forms, the Board shall consider the
use by depository institutions of data processing or similar
automated machines.
(2) USE  OF FORMS AND CLAUSES DEEMED IN COMPLIANCE.—
Nothing in this Act may be construed to require a depository
institution to use any such model form or clause prescribed by
the Board under this subsection. A depository institution shall
be deemed to be in compliance with the disclosure provisions of
this Act if the depository institution—
 
(A) uses any appropriate model form or clause as pub-
lished by the Board; or
 
(B) uses any such model form or clause and changes it
by—
 (i) deleting any information which is not required by
this Act; or
 (ii) rearranging the format,
if in making such deletion or rearranging the format, the
depository institution does not affect the substance, clarity,
or meaningful sequence of the disclosure.
(3) PUBLIC NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR COMMENT.—Model 
disclosure forms and clauses shall be adopted by the Board after
duly given notice in the Federal Register and an opportunity for
Federal public comment in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United Register,
States Code. publication.

SEC. 270. ADMINISTRATIVE ENFORCEMENT.
12 USC 4309.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Compliance with the requirements imposed
under this Act shall be enfoiced under—
(1) section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act—
(A) by the appropriate Federal banking agency (as de-
fined in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act)
in the case of insured depository institutions (as defined in
section 3(c)(2) of such Act);
(B) by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in the
case of depository institutions described in clause (i), (ii), or
(iii) of section 19(b)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act which
are not insured depository institutions (as defined in section
3(c)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act); and
(C) by the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision in
the case of depository institutions described in clause (v)
and or (vi) of section 19(b)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act
which are not insured depository institutions (as defined in
section 3(c)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act); and
(2) the Federal Credit Union Act, by the National Credit
Union Administration Board in the case of depository institu-
tions described in clause (iv) of section 19(b)(1)(A) of the Federal
Reserve Act.
(b) ADDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT POWERS.— 
(1) VIOLATION OF THIS ACT TREATED AS VIOLATION OF OTHER 
ACTS.—For purposes of the exercise by any agency referred to in
subsection (a) of such agency’s powers under any Act referred to
in such subsection, a violation of a requirement imposed under
this Act shall be deemed to be a violation of a requirement
imposed under that Act.