105 STAT. 2314     PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

national poverty level (as determined pursuant to criteria established by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget).
(C) UNEMPLOYMENT.—The unemployment rate for the area is one and one-half times greater than the national average (as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistic's most recent figures).
(c) ASSESSMENT CREDIT PROVIDED.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 7(d) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(d)) is amended—
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraphs:“(4)  COMMUNITY ENTERPRISE ASSESSMENT CREDITS.—Notwithstanding paragraphs (2)(A) and (3)(A) and in addition to any assessment credit authorized under paragraph (2)(B) or (3)(B), the Corporation shall allow an assessment credit for any semiannual assessment period to any Bank Insurance Fund member or Savings Association Insurance Fund member satisfying the requirements of the Community Enterprise Assessment Credit Board under section 233(a)(1) of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991 in the amount determined by such Board through regulation for such period pursuant to such section. “(5) MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF CREDIT.—The total amount of assessment credits allowed under this subsection (including community enterprise assessment credits pursuant to paragraph (4)) for any insured depository institution for any semiannual period shall not exceed the amount which is equal to 20 percent, in the case of an institution which does not meet the community development organization requirements under section 235 of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991, and 50 percent, in the case of an institution which meets such requirements, of the assessment imposed on such institution for the semiannual period.".
(2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—
(A) Subparagraph (A) of section 7(d)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(d)(1)) is amended by inserting "(other than credits allowed pursuant to paragraph (4))" after "amount to be credited". 
(B) Subparagraph (B) of section 7(d)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(d)(1)) is amended by inserting "(taking into account any assessment credit allowed pursuant to paragraph (4))" after "should be reduced".
(d) COMMUNITY ENTERPRISE ASSESSMENT CREDIT BOARD.—
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is hereby established the "Community Enterprise Assessment Credit Board."
(2) NUMBER AND APPOINTMENT.—The Board shall be composed of 5 members as follows:
(A) The Secretary of the Treasury or a designee of the Secretary.
(B) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or a designee of the Secretary.
(C) The Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or a designee of the Chairperson.