PUBLIC LAW 102-242-DEC. 19, 1991 
105 STAT. 2379

Subtitle F.-Emergency Assistance for Rhode Island

SEC. 431. EMERGENCY LOAN GUARANTEE.

(a) IN GENERAL.- 
(1) PROVISION FOR GUARANTEE.-Subject to the terms and conditions established by or under this subsection, the Secretary of the Treasury shall guarantee the repayment of any amount not to exceed $180,000,000 borrowed by the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations (hereafter in this section referred to as the "State of Rhode Island"), or the Depositors Economic Protection Corporation established by such State, to expedite the repayment of depositors at State-chartered banks and credit unions in receivership in such State and to facilitate the resolution of such receiverships. 

(2) LOAN COLLATERAL REQUIRED AS CONDITION FOR GUARANTEE.-The Secretary of the Treasury may not guarantee the repayment of any amount under paragraph (1) unless the amount of any loan for which the guarantee is sought is fully secured as follows: 
(A) A first lien on assets held or controlled by the Depositors Economic Protection Corporation and the proceeds from the sale of such assets, are irrevocably pledged to the extent necessary to provide collateral for the guarantee. 
(B) If the liens and assets described in subparagraph (A) are insufficient to fully secure the guarantee, then a first lien on any assets held or controlled by the State of Rhode Island or any instrumentality of the State of Rhode Island and the proceeds from the sale of such assets, are irrevocably pledged to the extent necessary to provide collateral for the guarantee. 
(C) If the liens and assets described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) are insufficient to fully secure the guarantee, then any revenue from the State sales tax which is dedicated to the Depositors Economic Protection Corporation under the law of the State of Rhode Island in excess of the amount necessary to pay principal and interest on any obligation of the State or the Corporation issued before the date of the loan is irrevocably dedicated to the extent necessary to provide collateral for the guarantee.

(3) GUARANTEE FEES.-The Secretary may assess and collect with respect to loans guaranteed under this subsection an annual guarantee fee computed daily at a rate which may not exceed one-half of 1 percent of the outstanding principal amount of the guaranteed loan. 

(4) PLEDGE OF CERTAIN INCOME FOR REPAYMENT.-The Secretary may not guarantee under this section the repayment of any loan proposed to be made to the Depositors Economic Protection Corporation unless, for each fiscal year of the Depositors Economic Protection Corporation, all rents, issues, profits, products, proceeds, revenues, and other income (including insurance proceeds and condemnation awards) received by the Corporation from, or attributable to, the assets pledged to the United States in accordance with this subsection, in excess of the amount necessary to pay the interest, or principal and