105 STAT. 2320 PUBLIC LAW 102-242-DEC. 19, 1991

after the date of the acquisition, and (iii) any closing costs in 
connection with the acquisition.
"(4) EXCEPTIONS TO RECAPTURE REQUIREMENT.— 
"(A) RELOCATION.—The Corporation may in its discretion 
waive the applicability (i) to any qualifying household of the 
requirement under paragraph (3) and the requirements 
relating to residency of a qualifying household under 
subsections (p)(12) (B) and (C), and (ii) to any low-income 
family of the requirement under paragraph (3) and the 
residency requirements under paragraph (2)(B)(ii). The Cor- 
poration may grant any such waiver only for good cause 
shown, including any necessary relocation of the qualifying 
household or low-income family. 

"(B) OTHER RECAPTURE PROVISIONS.—The requirement 
under paragraph (3) shall not apply to any eligible single 
family property for which, upon resale by the qualifying 
household or low-income family during the 1-year period 
beginning upon initial acquisition by the household or 
family, a portion of the sale proceeds or any subsidy pro- 
vided in connection with the acquisition of the property by 
the household or family is required to be recaptured or 
repaid under any other Federal, State, or local law (includ- 
ing section 143(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) or 
regulation or under any sale agreement. 

"(5) EXCEPTION TO AVOID DISPLACEMENT OF EXISTING RESI- 
DENTS.—Notwithstanding the first sentence of paragraph (2), 
during the 180-day period following the date on which the 
Corporation makes an eligible single family property available 
for sale, the Corporation may sell the property to the household 
residing in the property, but only if (A) such household was 
residing in the property at the time notice regarding the prop- 
erty was provided to clearinghouses under paragraph (1), (B) 
such sale is necessary to avoid the displacement of, and un- 
necessary hardship to, the resident household, (C) the resident 
household intends to occupy the property as a principal resi- 
dence for at least 12 months, and (D) the resident household 
certifies in writing that the household intends to occupy the 
property for at least 12 months. 

"(d) RULES GOVERNING DISPOSITION OF ELIGIBLE MULTIFAMILY 
HOUSING PROPERTIES.— 
"(1) NOTICE TO CLEARINGHOUSES.—Within a reasonable period 
of time after acquiring title to an eligible multifamily housing 
property, the Corporation shall provide written notice to 
clearinghouses. Such notice shall contain basic information 
about the property, including but not limited to location, 
number of units (identified by number of bedrooms), and 
information relating to the estimated fair market value of the 
property. Each clearinghouse shall make such information 
available, upon request, to qualifying multifamily purchasers. 
The Corporation shall allow qualifying multifamily purchasers 
reasonable access to eligible multifamily housing properties for 
purposes of inspection. 

"(2) EXPRESSION OF SERIOUS INTEREST.--Qualifying multifamily 
purchasers may give written notice of serious interest in a 
property during a period ending 90 days after the time the 
Corporation provides notice under paragraph (1). The notice of