105 STAT. 2376	 PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991
	
"No supervisory agency which transfers any such record under this
subsection shall be deemed to have waived any privilege applicable 
to that record under law.".

Subtitle C—Final Settlement Payment
	Procedure
	
SEC. 416. FINAL SETTLEMENT PAYMENT PROCEDURE.
Section 11(d)(4) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
1821(d)) is amended to read as follows:

"(4) RULEMAKING AUTHORITY RELATING TO DETERMINATION OF
            CLAIMS.—
	
            "(A) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation may prescribe regu-
            lations regarding the allowance or disallowance of claims
            by the receiver and providing for administrative determina-
            tions of claims and review of such determination.
	
            "(B) FINAL SETTLEMENT PAYMENT PROCEDURE.—
	
               ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—In the handling of receiverships of
               insured depository institutions, to maintain essential
               liquidity and to prevent financial disruption, the Cor-
               poration may, after the declaration of an institution’s
               insolvency, settle all uninsured and unsecured claims
               on the receivership with a final settlement payment
               which shall constitute full payment and disposition of
               the Corporation’s obligations to such claimants.
	
               ‘‘(ii) FINAL SETTLEMENT PAYMENT.—For purposes of
               clause (i), a final settlement payment shall be payment
               of an amount equal to the product of the final settle-
               ment payment rate and the amount of the uninsured
               and unsecured claim on the receivership; and
				
               ‘‘(iii) FINAL SETTLEMENT PAYMENT RATE.—For pur-
               poses of clause (ii), the final settlement payment rate
               shall be a percentage rate reflecting an average of the
               Corporation’s receivership recovery experience, deter-
               mined by the Corporation in such a way that over such
               time period as the Corporation may deem appropriate,
               the Corporation in total will receive no more or less
               than it would have received in total as a general credi-
               tor standing in the place of insured depositors in each
               specific receivership.
					
               ‘‘(iv) CORPORATION AUTHORITY.—The Corporation may
               undertake such supervisory actions and promulgate
               such regulations as may be necessary to assure that the
               requirements of this section can be implemented with
               respect to each insured depository institution in the
               event of its insolvency.".