PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991 105 STAT. 2385

"(n) Any employee who—
"(1) served in a position in which the employee was excluded from coverage under this subchapter because the employee was covered under a retirement system established under section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act; and
"(2) transferred without a break in service to a position to which the employee was appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, and in which position the employee is subject to this subchapter,
shall be treated for all purposes of this subchapter as if any service that would have been creditable under the retirement system established under section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act was service performed while subject to this subchapter if any employee and employer deductions, contributions or rights with respect to the employee's service are transferred from such retirement system to the Fund.".

(b) CHAPTER 84. —Section 8411 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
"(g) Any employee who—
"(1) served in a position in which the employee was excluded from coverage under this subchapter because the employee was covered under a retirement system established under section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act; and
"(2) transferred without a break in service to a position to which the employee was appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, and in which position the employee is subject to this subchapter,
shall be treated for all purposes of this subchapter as if any service that would have been creditable under the retirement system established under section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act was service performed while subject to this subchapter if any employee and employer deductions, contributions or rights with respect to the employee's service are transferred from such retirement system to the Fund.".

(c) APPLICABILITY.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to any individual who transfers to a position in which he or she is subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, on or after October 1, 1991.

Subtitle M—Other Miscellaneous Provisions

SEC. 471. PROVIDING SERVICES TO INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.
Section 21A of the Home Owners' Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a) is amended by adding at the end the following:

"(c) CONTINUATION OF OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE SERVICES.—No person obligated to provide services to an insured depository institution at the time the Resolution Trust Corporation is appointed conservator or receiver for the institution shall fail to provide those services to any person to whom the right to receive those services was transferred by the Resolution Trust Corporation after August 9, 1989, unless the refusal is based on the transferee's failure to comply with any material term or condition of the original obligation. This subsection does not limit any authority of the Resolution Trust Corporation as conservator or receiver under section 11(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.".