PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991 105 STAT. 2387

this Act relating to annual percentage yield as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act in the case of—
(1) accounts with respect to which determination of annual percentage yield is based on an annual rate of interest that is guaranteed for a period of less than 1 year;
(2) variable rate accounts;
(3) accounts which, pursuant to law, do not guarantee payment of a stated rate;
(4) multiple rate accounts; and
(5) accounts with respect to which determination of annual percentage yield is based on an annual rate of interest that is guaranteed for a stated term.

SEC. 266. DISTRIBUTION OF SCHEDULES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—A schedule required under section 264 for an appropriate account shall be—
(1) made available to any person upon request;
(2) provided to any potential customer before an account is opened or a service is rendered; and
(3) provided to the depositor, in the case of any time deposit which is renewable at maturity without notice from the depositor, at least 30 days before the date of maturity.
(b) DISTRIBUTION IN CASE OF CERTAIN INITIAL DEPOSITS.—If—
(1) a depositor is not physically present at an office of a depository institution at the time an initial deposit is accepted with respect to an account established by or for such person;
(2) the schedule required under section 264(a) has not been furnished previously to such depositor,
the depository institution shall mail the schedule to the depositor at the address shown on the records of the depository institution for such account no later than 10 days after the date of the initial deposit.
(c) DISTRIBUTION OF NOTICE OF CERTAIN CHANGES.—If—
(1) any change is made in any term or condition which is required to be disclosed in the schedule required under section 264(a) with respect to any account; and
(2) the change may reduce the yield or adversely affect any holder of the account,
all account holders who may be affected by such change shall be notified and provided with a description of the change by mail at least 30 days before the change takes effect.
(d) DISTRIBUTION IN CASE OF ACCOUNTS ESTABLISHED BY MORE THAN 1 INDIVIDUAL OR BY A GROUP.—If an account is established by more than 1 individual or for a person other than an individual, any distribution described in this section with respect to such account meets the requirements of this section if the distribution is made to 1 of the individuals who established the account or 1 individual representative of the person on whose behalf such account was established.
(e) NOTICE TO ACCOUNT HOLDERS AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF REGULATIONS.—For any account for which the depository institution delivers an account statement on a quarterly or more frequent basis, the depository institution shall include on or with any regularly scheduled mailing posted or delivered within 180 days after publication of regulations issued by the Board in final form, a statement that the account holder has the right to request an account schedule