105 STAT. 2318

PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

(A) IN GENERAL.—In each fiscal year during the 3-year period referred to in paragraph (1), the provisions of this section shall apply only—

(i) to such extent or in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts for any losses resulting during the fiscal year from the sale of properties under this section, except that such amounts for losses may not exceed $30,000,000 in any fiscal year; and

(ii) to the extent that amounts are provided in appropriations Acts pursuant to subparagraph (C) for any other costs relating to the program under this section.

(B) DEFINITION OF LOSSES.—For purposes of this paragraph, the amount of losses resulting from the sale of properties under this section during any fiscal year shall be the amount equal to the sum of any affordable housing discounts reasonably anticipated to accrue during the fiscal year.

(C) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated, for each fiscal year during the 3-year period referred to in paragraph (1), such sums as may be necessary for any costs of the program under this section other than losses resulting from the sale of properties under this section.

(D) OTHER DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this paragraph:

(i) AFFORDABLE HOUSING DISCOUNT.—The term ‘affordable housing discount’ means, with respect to any eligible residential or eligible condominium property transferred under this section by the Corporation, the difference (if any) between the realizable disposition value of the property and the actual sale price of the property under this section.

(ii) REALIZABLE DISPOSITION VALUE.—The term ‘realizable disposition value’ means the estimated sale price that the Corporation reasonably would be able to obtain upon the sale of a property by the Corporation under the provisions of this Act, not including this section, and any other applicable laws. Not later than the expiration of the 120-day period beginning upon the commencement of the first fiscal year for which amounts are provided pursuant to paragraph (2)(A), the Corporation shall establish, and publish in the Federal Register, procedures for determining the realizable disposition value of a property transferred under this section, which shall take into consideration such factors as the Corporation considers appropriate, including the actual sale prices of properties disposed of by the Resolution Trust Corporation under section 21A(c) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, the prices of other properties sold under similar programs, and the appraised value of the property transferred under this section. Until such procedures are established, the Corporation may consider the realizable disposition value of any eligible residential or condominium property to be equal to the appraised value of the property.

(3) EXISTING CONTRACTS.—The provisions of this section shall not apply to any eligible residential property or any eligible

Federal Register, publication.