105 STAT. 2312         PUBLIC LAW 102-242--DEC. 19, 1991

graph (2)(A) for purposes of the community enterprise assess-
ment credit, may include the following:
      (A) Loans insured or guaranteed by the Secretary of
Housing and Urban Development, the Secretary of the
Department of Veterans Affairs, the Administrator of the
Small Business Administration, and the Secretary of Agri-
culture.
      (B) Loans or financing provided in connection with activi-
ties assisted by the Administrator of the Small Business
Administration or any small business investment company
and investments in small business investment companies.
      (C) Loans or financing provided in connection with any
neighborhood housing service program assisted under the
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation Act.
      (D) Loans or financing provided in connection with any
activities assisted under the community development block
grant program under title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974.
      (E) Loans or financing provided in connection with activi-
ties assisted under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-
tional Affordable Housing Act.
      (F) Loans or financing provided in connection with a
homeownership program assisted under title III of the
United States Housing Act of 1937 or subtitle B or C of title
IV of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing
Act.
      (G) Financial assistance provided through community
development corporations.
      (H) Federal and State programs providing interest rate
assistance for homeowners.
      (I) Extensions of credit to nonprofit developers or pur-
chasers of low-income housing and small business develop-
ments.
      (J) In the case of members of any Federal home loan
bank, participation in the community investment fund pro-
gram established by the Federal home loan banks.
      (K) Conventional mortgages targeted to low- or moderate-
income persons.
  (5) ADJUSTMENT OF PERCENTAGE.--The Board may increase or
decrease the percentage referred to in paragraph (3) for deter-
mining the amount of any community enterprise assessment
credit pursuant to such paragraph, except that the percentage
established for insured depository institutions which meet the
community development organization requirements under sec-
tion 235 shall not be less than 3 times the amount of the
percentage applicable for insured depository institutions which
do not meet such requirements.
  (6) CERTAIN INVESTMENTS NOT ELIGIBLE TO BE TAKEN INTO
ACCOUNT.--Investments by any insured depository institution in
loans and securities that are not the result of originations by
the institution shall not be taken into account for purposes of
determining the amount of any credit pursuant to this
subsection.
  (b) QUALIFIED DISTRESSED COMMUNITY DEFINED.--
  (1) IN GENERAL.--For purposes of this section, the term
"qualified distressed community" means any neighborhood or
community which--