PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991
105 STAT. 2365

(ii) subject to the exception contained in paragraph 
(1)(D)(ii), any eligible deferred compensations plan described in section 457 of such Code; and

(iii) any individual account plan defined in section 
3(34) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, 
and any plan described in section 401(d) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, to the extent that participants 
and beneficiaries under such plan have the right to 
direct the investment of assets held in individual accounts maintained on their behalf by the plan, 
shall be aggregated and insured in an amount not to exceed 
$100,000 per participant per insured depository institution.
(B) AMOUNTS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT.— For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), the amount aggregated for insurance 
coverage under this paragraph shall consist of the present 
vested and ascertainable interest of each participant under 
the plan, excluding any remainder interest created by, or as 
a result of, the plan."
(3) CERTAIN TRUST FUNDS.— Section 7(i) of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(i)) is amended to read as follows:
"(i) INSURANCE OF TRUST FUNDS.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.— Trust funds held on deposit by an insured 
depository institution in a fiduciary capacity as trustee pursuant to any irrevocable trust established pursuant to any statute 
or written trust agreement shall be insured in an amount not to 
exceed $100,000 for each trust estate. 
"(2) INTERBANK DEPOSITS.— Trust funds described in paragraph (1) which are deposited by the fiduciary depository 
institution in another insured depository institution shall be 
similarly insured to the fiduciary depository institution according to the trust estates represented.
"(3) REGULATIONS.— The Board of Directors may prescribe 
such regulations as may be necessary to clarify the insurance 
coverage under this subsection and to prescribe the manner of 
reporting and depositing such trust funds.".
(4) EXPANDED COVERAGE BY REGULATION.— 
(A) REVIEW OF COVERAGE.— For the purpose of prescribing 
regulations, during the 1-year period beginning on the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Directors shall 
review the capacities and rights in which deposit accounts 
are maintained and for which deposit insurance coverage is 
provided by the Corporation.
(B) REGULATIONS.— After the end of the 1-year period 
referred to in subparagraph (A), the Board of Directors may
prescribe regulations that provide for separate insurance 
coverage for the different capacities and rights in which 
deposit accounts are maintained if a determination is made 
by the Board of Directors that such separate insurance 
coverage is consistent with—
(i) the purpose of protecting small depositors and 
limiting the undue expansion of deposit insurance cov-
erage; and
(ii) the insurance provisions of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act.
(C) DELAYED EFFECTIVE DATE FOR REGULATIONS.— No regulation prescribed under subparagraph (B) may take effect