105 STAT. 2248

PUBLIC LAW 102-242—DEC. 19, 1991

(2) Section 10(b)(4)(A) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(b)(4)(A)) is amended by striking "insured" each place such term appears.

SEC. 114. EXAMINATION AND SUPERVISION FEES FOR NATIONAL BANKS
                                     AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 5240 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C
482) is amended—
      (1) by striking the 4th undesignated paragraph and inserting the following:
            "The Comptroller of the Currency may impose and collect assessments, fees, or other charges as necessary or appropriate to carry out the responsibilities of the duties of the Comptroller. Such assessments, fees, and other charges shall be set to meet the Comptroller's expenses in carrying out authorized activities.";
      (2) by striking "In addition to the expense of examination" and all that follows through "to cover the expense thereof.". 
(b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—Section 5240 of the Revised Statues is amended in the 2d undesignated paragraph (12 U.S.C.  481)—
      (1) by striking the 2d sentence;
      (2) by striking the 3d sentence and inserting "If any affiliate of a national bank refuses to pay any assessments, fees, or other charges imposed by the Comptroller of the Currency pursuant to this section or fails to make such payment not later than 60 days after the date on which they are imposed, the Comptroller of the Currency may impose such assessments, fees, or charges against the affiliated national bank, and such assessments, fees, or charges shall be paid by such national bank. If the affiliation is with 2 or more national banks, such assessments, fees, or charges may be imposed on, and collected from, any or all of such national banks in such proportions as the Comptroller of the Currency may prescribe.";
      (3) in the 4th sentence, by inserting "or from other fees or charges imposed pursuant to this section" after "assessments on banks or affiliates thereof; and 
      (4) in the 5th sentence—
            (A) by inserting ", fees, or charges" before "may be deposited"; and
            (B) by inserting "or of other fees or charges imposed pursuant to this section" before the period.
(c) ASSESSMENT AUTHORITY OF THE OFFICE OF THRIFT SUPERVISION.—Section 9 of the Home Owners' Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467) is amended—
      (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following:
            ''(a) EXAMINATION OF SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.—The cost of conducting examinations of savings associations pursuant to section 5(d) shall be assessed by the Director against each such savings association as the Director deems necessary or appropriate.
            "(b) EXAMINATION OF AFFILIATES.—The cost of conducting examinations of affiliates of savings associations pursuant to this Act may be assessed by the Director against each affiliate that is examined as the Director deems necessary or appropriate.";
      (2) by amending subsection (k) to read as follows:
            "(k) FEES FOR EXAMINATIONS AND SUPERVISORY ACTIVITIES.—The Director may assess against institutions for which the Director is the appropriate Federal banking agency, as defined in section 3 of