122 STAT. 2769          PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

(iv) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following:
‘‘(B) the violation or practice involved a reckless disregard for the law or any applicable regulations or prior order of the Director.”; and
(C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘loan or” before ‘‘asset”;
(5) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘or entity-affiliated party”

(A) before ‘‘or any executive”; and (B) before the period at the end; and
(6) in subsection (f)—
(A) by striking ‘‘enterprise” and inserting ‘‘regulated entity, finance facility,”; and

(B) by striking ‘‘or director” and inserting ‘‘director, or entity-affiliated party”.

SEC. 1152. TEMPORARY CEASE AND DESIST PROCEEDINGS.
Section 1372 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4632) is amended—
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) GROUNDS FOR ISSUANCE.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—If the Director determines that the actions specified in the notice of charges served upon a regulated entity or any entity-affiliated party pursuant to section 1371(a), or the continuation thereof, is likely to cause insolvency or significant dissipation of assets or earnings of that entity, or is likely to weaken the condition of that entity prior to the completion of the proceedings conducted pursuant to sections 1371 and 1373, the Director may—

‘‘(A) issue a temporary order requiring that regulated entity or entity-affiliated party to cease and desist from any such violation or practice; and

‘‘(B) require that regulated entity or entity-affiliated party to take affirmative action to prevent or remedy such insolvency, dissipation, condition, or prejudice pending completion of such proceedings.

‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS.—An order issued under paragraph (1) may include any requirement authorized under subsection 1371(d).’’;

(2) in subsection (b)—

(A) by striking ‘‘or director” and inserting ‘‘director, or entity-affiliated party”; and

(B) by striking ‘‘enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘regulated entity”;
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘regulated entity”;

(4) in subsection (d)—

(A) by striking ‘‘or director” each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘director, or entity-affiliated party”; and

(B) by striking ‘‘An enterprise” and inserting ‘‘A regulated entity”; and

(5) in subsection (e)—

(A) by striking ‘‘request the Attorney General of the United States to”; and

122 STAT. 2770          PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

(B) by striking ‘‘or may, under the direction and control of the Attorney General, bring such action”.

SEC. 1153. REMOVAL AND PROHIBITION AUTHORITY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Part 1 of subtitle C of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4631 et seq.) is amended—

(1) by redesignating sections 1377 through 1379B (12 U.S.C. 4637–4641) as sections 1379 through 1379D, respectively; and

(2) by inserting after section 1376 (12 U.S.C. 4636) the following:
“SEC. 1377. REMOVAL AND PROHIBITION AUTHORITY.

“(a) AUTHORITY TO ISSUE ORDER.—

“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director may serve upon a party described in paragraph (2), or any officer, director, or management of the Office of Finance a written notice of the intention of the Director to suspend or remove such party from office, or prohibit any further participation by such party, in any manner, in the conduct of the affairs of the regulated entity.
“(2) APPLICABILITY.—A party described in this paragraph is an entity-affiliated party or any officer, director, or management of the Office of Finance, if the Director determines that—
“(A) that party, officer, or director has, directly or indirectly—

“(i) violated—

“(I) any law or regulation;
“(II) any cease and desist order which has become final;
“(III) any condition imposed in writing by the Director in connection with the grant of any application or other request by such regulated entity; or
“(IV) any written agreement between such regulated entity and the Director;
“(ii) engaged or participated in any unsafe or unsound practice in connection with any regulated entity or business institution; or
“(iii) committed or engaged in any act, omission, or practice which constitutes a breach of such party’s fiduciary duty;
“(B) by reason of the violation, practice, or breach described in subparagraph (A)—

“(i) such regulated entity or business institution has suffered or will probably suffer financial loss or other damage; or
“(ii) such party has received financial gain or other benefit; and
“(C) the violation, practice, or breach described in subparagraph (A)—

“(i) involves personal dishonesty on the part of such party; or
“(ii) demonstrates willful or continuing disregard by such party for the safety or soundness of such regulated entity or business institution.

“(b) SUSPENSION ORDER.—

122 STAT. 2771          PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

“(1) SUSPENSION OR PROHIBITION AUTHORITY.—If the Director serves written notice under subsection (a) upon a party subject to that subsection (a), the Director may, by order, suspend or remove such party from office, or prohibit such party from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the regulated entity, if the Director—

“(A) determines that such action is necessary for the protection of the regulated entity; and “(B) serves such party with written notice of the order.

“(2) EFFECTIVE PERIOD.—Any order issued under this subsection—

“(A) shall become effective upon service; and “(B) unless a court issues a stay of such order under subsection (g), shall remain in effect and enforceable until— the date on which the Director dismisses the charges contained in the notice served under subsection (a) with respect to such party; or the effective date of an order issued under subsection (b).

“(3) COPY OF ORDER.—If the Director issues an order under subsection (b) to any party, the Director shall serve a copy of such order on any regulated entity with which such party is affiliated at the time such order is issued.

“(c) NOTICE, HEARING, AND ORDER.—

“(1) NOTICE.—A notice under subsection (a) of the intention of the Director to issue an order under this section shall contain a statement of the facts constituting the grounds therefor, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held on such action.

“(2) TIMING OF HEARING.—A hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than 30 days, nor later than 60 days, after the date of service of notice under subsection (a), unless an earlier or a later date is set by the Director at the request of—

‘‘(A) the party receiving such notice, and good cause is shown; or ‘‘(B) the Attorney General of the United States. 
  
 ‘‘(3) CONSENT.—Unless the party that is the subject of a notice delivered under subsection (a) appears at the hearing in person or by a duly authorized representative, such party shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of an order under this section. 
  
 ‘‘(4) ISSUANCE OF ORDER OF SUSPENSION.—The Director may issue an order under this section, as the Director may deem appropriate, if— 
  
 ‘‘(A) a party is deemed to have consented to the issuance of an order under paragraph (3); or 
  
 ‘‘(B) upon the record made at the hearing, the Director finds that any of the grounds specified in the notice have been established. 
  
 ‘‘(5) EFFECTIVENESS OF ORDER.—Any order issued under paragraph (4) shall become effective at the expiration of 30 days after the date of service upon the relevant regulated entity and party (except in the case of an order issued upon consent under paragraph (3), which shall become effective at the time specified therein). Such order shall remain effective and enforceable except to such extent as it is stayed, modified, 

122 STAT. 2772          PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

terminated, or set aside by action of the Director or a reviewing court.

‘‘(d) PROHIBITION OF CERTAIN SPECIFIC ACTIVITIES.—Any person subject to an order issued under this section shall not—

‘‘(1) participate in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of any regulated entity or the Office of Finance;

(2) solicit, procure, transfer, attempt to transfer, vote, or attempt to vote any proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any voting rights in any regulated entity; 

 ‘‘(3) violate any voting agreement previously approved by the Director; or

 ‘‘(4) vote for a director, or serve or act as an entity-affiliated party of a regulated entity or as an officer or director of the Office of Finance.

 ‘‘(e) INDUSTRY-WIDE PROHIBITION.—

 (1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), any person who, pursuant to an order issued under this section, has been removed or suspended from office in a regulated entity or the Office of Finance, or prohibited from participating in the conduct of the affairs of a regulated entity or the Office of Finance, may not, while such order is in effect, continue or commence to hold any office in, or participate in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of, any regulated entity or the Office of Finance described in the written consent. Any such consent shall be publicly disclosed. 

 (3) VIOLATION OF PARAGRAPH (1) TREATED AS VIOLATION OF ORDER.—Any violation of paragraph (1) by any person who is subject to an order issued under subsection (h) shall be treated as a violation of the order.

 (f) APPLICABILITY.—This section shall only apply to a person who is an individual, unless the Director specifically finds that it should apply to a corporation, firm, or other business entity.

 (g) STAY OF SUSPENSION AND PROHIBITION OF ENTITY-AFFILIATED PARTY.—Not later than 10 days after the date on which any entity-affiliated party has been suspended from office or prohibited from participating in the conduct of the affairs of a regulated entity under this section, such party may apply to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial district in which the headquarters of the regulated entity is located, for a stay of such suspension or prohibition pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to subsection (c). The court shall have jurisdiction to stay such suspension or prohibition.

(h) SUSPENSION OR REMOVAL OF ENTITY-AFFILIATED PARTY CHARGED WITH FELONY.—

‘‘(1) SUSPENSION OR PROHIBITION.—

‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Whenever any entity-affiliated party is charged in any information, indictment, or complaint,