122 STAT. 2798 PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

(A) continue to provide such services, on a reimbursable basis, until the transfer of such functions is complete; and
(B) consult with any such agency to coordinate and facilitate a prompt and reasonable transition.
(e) CONTINUATION OF SERVICES.—The Director may use the services of employees and other personnel of the Board, on a reimbursable basis, to perform functions which have been transferred to the Director for such time as is reasonable to facilitate the orderly transfer of functions pursuant to any other provision of this Act or any amendment made by this Act to any other provision of law.
(f) SAVINGS PROVISIONS.—
(1) EXISTING RIGHTS, DUTIES, AND OBLIGATIONS NOT
AFFECTED.—Subsection (a) shall not affect the validity of any right, duty, or obligation of the United States, a member of the Board, or any other person, which—
(A) arises under the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, or any other provision of law applicable with respect to the Board; and
(B) existed on the day before the effective date of the abolishment under subsection (a).
(2) CONTINUATION OF SUITS.—No action or other proceeding commenced by or against the Board in connection with functions that are transferred under this Act to the Director shall abate by reason of the enactment of this Act, except that the Director shall be substituted for the Board or any member thereof as a party to any such action or proceeding.

12 USC 4511 note.
SEC. 1312. CONTINUATION AND COORDINATION OF CERTAIN ACTIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—All regulations, orders, determinations, and resolutions described under subsection (b) shall remain in effect according to the terms of such regulations, orders, determinations, and resolutions, and shall be enforceable by or against the Director until modified, terminated, set aside, or superseded in accordance with applicable law by the Director, any court of competent jurisdiction, or operation of law.
(b) APPLICABILITY.—A regulation, order, determination, or resolution is described under this subsection if it—
(1) was issued, made, prescribed, or allowed to become effective by—
(A) the Board; or
(B) a court of competent jurisdiction and relates to functions transferred by this Act; and
(2) is in effect on the effective date of the abolishment under section 1311(a).

12 USC 4511 note. SEC. 1313. TRANSFER AND RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES OF THE FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE BOARD.
(a) TRANSFER.—Each employee of the Board shall be transferred to the Agency for employment, not later than the effective date of the abolishment under section 1311(a), and such transfer shall be deemed a transfer of function for purposes of section 3503 of title 5, United States Code.
(b) GUARANTEED POSITIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Each employee transferred under subsection (a) shall be guaranteed a position with the same status, tenure, grade, and pay as that held on the day immediately preceeding the transfer.

Effective date.

Deadline.

122 STAT. 2799

(2) NO INVOLUNTARY SEPARATION OR REDUCTION.—An employee holding a permanent position on the day immediately preceding the transfer may not be involuntarily separated or reduced in grade or compensation during the 12-month period beginning on the date of transfer, except for cause, or, if the employee is a temporary employee, sepaarated in accordance with the terms of the appointment of the employee.
(c) APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY FOR EXCEPTED EMPLOYEES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of an employee occupying a position in the excepted service, any appointment authority esstablished under law or by regulations of the Office of Personnel Management for filling such position shall be transgerred, subject to paragraph (2).
(2) DECLINE OF TRANSFER.—The Director may declire a transfer of authority under paragraph (1), to the extent that such authority relates to a position excepted from the compentitive sesrvice because of its confidential, policymaking, policy-determining, or policy-advocating character.
(d) REORGANIZATION.—If the Director determines, after the end of the 1-year period beginning on the effective date of the abloishment under section 1311(a), that a reorganization of the combined workforce is required, that reorganization shall be deemed a major reorganization for purposes of affording affected employee reitrement under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code.
(e) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Any employee of the Board accepting employment with the Agency as a result of a transfer under subsection (a) may retain, for 12 months after the date on which such transfer occurs, membership in any employee benefit program of the Agency or the Board, as applicable, including insurance, to which such employee belongs on the effective date of the abolishment under section 1311(a) if—
(A) the employee does not elect to give up the benefit or membership in the program; and
(B) the benefit or program is continued by the Director.
(2) COST DIFFERENTIAL.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The differences in the costs between the benefits which would have been provided by the Board and those provided by this section shall be paid by the Director.
(B) HEALTH INSURANCE.—If any employee elects to give up memebership in a health insurance program or the health insurance program is not contiuned by the Director, the employee shall be permitted to select an alternate Federal health insurance program not later than 30 days after the date of such election or notice, without regard to any otherwise regularly scheduled open season.

28. 1314. TRANSFER OF PROPERTY AND FACILITIES

Effective date. Upon the effective date of the abolishment under section 1311(a), all property of the Board shall tramsfer to the Agency.

Effective date. 12 USC 4511 note.

122 STAT. 2800 PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

TITLE IV—HOPE FOR HOMEOWNERS 

12 USC 1701 note.
SEC. 1401. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the ‘‘HOPE for Homeowners Act of 2008’’.
SEC. 1402. ESTABLISHMENT OF HOPE FOR HOMEOWNERS PROGRAM.

12 USC 1715z–23.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Title II of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1707 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following:

‘‘SEC. 257. HOPE FOR HOMEOWNERS PROGRAM.
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established in the Federal Housing Administration a HOPE for Homeowners Program.
‘‘(b) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the HOPE for Homeowners Program is—
‘‘(1) to create an FHA program, participation in which is voluntary on the part of homeowners and existing loan holders to insure refinanced loans for distressed borrowers to support long-term, sustainable homeownership;
‘‘(2) to allow homeowners to avoid foreclosure by reducing the principle balance outstanding, and interest rate charged, on their mortagages;
‘‘(3) to help stabilize and provide confidence in mortgage markets by bringing transparency to the value of assets based on mortgage assets;
‘‘(4) to target mortgage assistance under this section to homeowners for their principal residence;
‘‘(5) to enhance the administrative capacity of the FHA to carry out its expanded role under the HOPE for Homeowners Program;
‘‘(6) to ensure the HOPE for Homeowners Program remains in effect only for as long as is neccessary to provide stability to the housing market; and 
‘‘(7) to provide servicers of deliquent mortages with addtional methods and appraoches to avoid foreclosure.
‘‘(c) ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.—
‘‘(1) DUTIES OF THE BOARD.—In order to carry out the purposes of the HOPE for Homeowners Program, the Board shall—
‘‘(A) establish requirements and standards for the program; and
‘‘(B) prescribe such regulations and provide such guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to implement such requirements and standards.
‘‘(2) DUTIES OF THE SECRETARY.—In carrying out any of the program requirements or standards established under paragraph (1), the Secretary may issue such interim guidance and mortgagee letters as the Secretary determines necessary or appropriate.
‘‘(d) INSURANCE OF MORTGAGES.—The Secretary is authorized upon application of a mortgagee to make commitments to insure or to insure any eligible mortgage that has been refinanced in a manner meeting the requirements under subsection (e).
‘‘(e) REQUIREMENTS OF INSURED MORTGAGES.—To be eligible for insurance under this section, a refinanced eligible mortgage shall comply with all of the following requirements:

22 STAT. 2801 PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008 

‘‘(1) LACK OF CAPACITY TO PAY EXISTING MORTGAGE.—
‘‘(A) BORROWER CERTIFICATION—
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The mortgagor shall provide certification to the Secretary that the mortgagor has not intentionally defaulted on the mortgage or any other debt, and has not knowingly, or willfully and with actual knowledge, furnished material information known to be false for the purpose of obtaining any eligible mortgage.
‘‘(ii) PENALTIES.—
‘‘(I) FALSE STATEMENT.—Any certification filed pursuant to clause (i) shall contain an acknowledgment that any willful false statement made in such certification is punishable under section 1001, of title 18, United States Code, by fine or imprisonment of not more than 5 years, or both.
‘‘(II) LIABILITY FOR REPAYMENT.—The mortgagor shall agree in writing that the mortgagor shall be liable to repay to the Federal Housing Administration any direct financial benefit achieved from the reduction of indebtedness on the existing mortgages on the residence refinanced under this section derived from misrepresentations made in the certifications and documentation required under this subparagraph, subject to the discretion of the Secretary.
‘‘(B) CURRENT BORROWER DEBT-TO-INCOME RATIO.—As of March 1, 2008, the mortgagor shall have had a ratio of mortgage debt to income, taking into consideration all existing mortgages of that mortgagor at such time, greater than 31 percent (or such higher amount as the Board determines appropriate).
‘‘(2) DETERMINATION OF PRINCIPAL OBLIGATION AMOUNT.—The principal obligation amount of the refinanced eligible mortgage to be insured shall—
‘‘(A) be determined by the reasonable ability of the mortgagor to make his or her mortgage payments, as such ability is determined by the Secretary pursuant to section 203(b)(4) or by any other underwriting standards established by the Board; and
‘‘(B) not exceed 90 percent of the appraised value of the property to which such mortgage relates.
‘‘(3) REQUIRED WAIVER OF PREPAYMENT PENALTIES AND FEES.—All penalties for prepayment or refinancing of the eligible mortgage, and all fees and penalties related to defualt or deliquency on the eligible mortgage, shall be waived or forgiven.
‘‘(4) EXTINGUISHMENT OF SUBORDINATE LIENS.—
‘‘(A) REQUIRED AGREEMENT.—All holders of outstanding mortgage liens on the property to which the eligible mortgage relates shall agree to accept the proceeds of the insured loan as payment in full of indebtedness under the eligible mortgage, and all encumbrances related to such eligible mortgage shall be removed. The Secretary may take such actions, subject to standards established by the Board under subparagraph (B), as may be necessary and appropriate to facilitate coordination and agreement

122 STAT. 2802 PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008 

between the holders of the existing senior mortgage and any existing subordinate mortgages, taking into consideration the subordinate lien status of such subordinate mortgages.
‘‘(B) SHARED APPRECIATION.—
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The Board shall establish standards and policies that will allow for the payment to the holder of any existing subordinate mortgage of a portion of any future appreciation in the property secured by such eligible mortgage that is owed to the Secretary pursuant to subsection (k).
‘‘(ii) FACTORS.—In establishing the standards and policies required under clause (i), the Board shall take into consideration—
‘‘(I) the status of any subordinate mortgage;
‘‘(II) the outstanding principal balance of and accrued interest on the existing senior mortgage and any outstanding subordinate mortgages;
‘‘(III) the extent to which the current appraised value of the property securing a subordinate mortgage is less than the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest on any other liens that are senior to such subordinate mortgage; and
‘‘(IV) such other factors as the Board determines to be appropriate.
‘‘(C) VOLUNTARY PROGRAM.—This paragraph shall not be construed to require any holder of any existing mortgage to participate in the program under this section generally, or with respect to any particular loan.
‘‘(5) TERM OF MORTGAGE.—The refinanced eligible mortgage to be insured shall—
‘‘(A) bear interest at a single rate that is fixed for the entire term of the mortgage; and
‘‘(B) have a maturity of not less than 30 years from the date of the beginning of amortization of such refinanced eligible mortgage.
‘‘(6) MAXIMUM LOAN AMOUNT.—The principal obligation amount of the eligible mortgage to be insured shall exceed 132 percent of the dollar amount limitation in effect for 2007 under section 305(a)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1454(a)(2)) for a property of the applicable size.
‘‘(7) PROHIBITION ON SECOND LIENS.—A mortgagor may not grant a new second lien on the mortgaged property during the first 5 years of the term of the mortgage insured under this section, except as the Board determines to be neccessary to ensure the maintenance of property standards; and as provided that such new outstanding liens (A) do not reduce the value of the Government’s equity in the borrower’s home; and (B) when combined with the mortgagor’s existing mortgage indebptedness, do not exceed 95 percent of the home’s appraised value at the time of the new second lien.
‘‘(8) APPRAISALS.—Any appraisal conducted in connection with a mortgage insured under this section shall—
‘‘(A) be based on the current value of the property;
