122 STAT. 2890           PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

    “(2) the residence is financed by the proceeds of a qualified
mortgage issue the interest on which is exempt from tax under
section 103,
    “(3) the taxpayer is a nonresident alien, or
    “(4) the taxpayer disposes of such residence (or such resi-
dence ceases to be the principal residence of the taxpayer
(and, if married, the taxpayer’s spouse)) before the close of
such taxable year.
    “(e) REPORTING.—If the Secretary requires information
reporting under section 6045 by a person described in subsection
(e)(2) thereof to verify the eligibility of taxpayers for the credit
allowable by this section, the exception provided by section 6045(e)
shall not apply.
    “(f) RECAPTURE OF CREDIT.—
        “(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided in this
subsection, if a credit under subsection (a) is allowed to a
taxpayer, the tax imposed by this chapter shall be increased
by 6 2 ⁄ 3 percent of the amount of such credit for each taxable
year in the recapture period.
        “(2) ACCELERATION OF RECAPTURE.—If a taxpayer disposes
of the principal residence with respect to which a credit was
allowed under subsection (a) (or such residence ceases to be
the principal residence of the taxpayer (and, if married, the
taxpayer’s spouse)) before the end of the recapture period—
            “(A) the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable
year of such disposition or cessation shall be increased
by the excess of the amount of the credit allowed over
the amounts of tax imposed by paragraph (1) for preceding
taxable years, and
            “(B) paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to such
credit for such taxable year or any subsequent taxable
year.
        “(3) LIMITATION BASED ON GAIN.—In the case of the sale
of the principal residence to a person who is not related to
the taxpayer, the increase in tax determined under paragraph
(2) shall not exceed the amount of gain (if any) on such sale.
Solely for purposes of the preceding sentence, the adjusted
basis of such residence shall be reduced by the amount of
the credit allowed under subsection (a) to the extent not pre-
viously recaptured under paragraph (1).
        “(4) EXCEPTIONS.—
            “(A) DEATH OF TAXPAYER.—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall
not apply to any taxable year ending after the date of
the taxpayer’s death.
            “(B) INVOLUNTARY CONVERSION.—Paragraph (2) shall
not apply in the case of a residence which is compulsorily
or involuntarily converted (within the meaning of section
1033(a)) if the taxpayer acquires a new principal residence
during the 2-year period beginning on the date of the
disposition or cessation referred to in paragraph (2). Para-
graph (2) shall apply to such new principal residence during
the recapture period in the same manner as if such new
principal residence were the converted residence.
            “(C) TRANSFERS BETWEEN SPOUSES OR INCIDENT TO
DIVORCE.—In the case of a transfer of a residence to which
section 1041(a) applies—