PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008 122 STAT. 2909

‘‘(ii) such intermediary shall be treated as the pay­
 ment settlement entity with respect to the settlement
 of such transactions with the participating payees.
 ‘‘(B) ELECTRONIC PAYMENT FACILITATORS.—In any case
 where an electronic payment facilitator or other third party
 makes payments in settlement of reportable payment trans­
 actions on behalf of the payment settlement entity, the
 return under subsection (a) shall be made by such electronic
 payment facilitator or other third party in lieu of the pay­
 ment settlement entity.
 ‘‘(c) REPORTABLE PAYMENT TRANSACTION.—For purposes of this
 section—
 ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘reportable payment trans­
 action’ means any payment card transaction and any third
 party network transaction.
 ‘‘(2) PAYMENT CARD TRANSACTION.—The term ‘payment card
 transaction’ means any transaction in which a payment card
 is accepted as payment.
 ‘‘(3) THIRD PARTY NETWORK TRANSACTION.—The term ‘third
 party network transaction’ means any transaction which is
 settled through a third party payment network.
 ‘‘(d) OTHER DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section—
 ‘‘(1) PARTICIPATING PAYEE.—
 ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘participating payee’
 means—
 ‘‘(i) in the case of a payment card trans­
 action, any person who accepts a payment card as payment,
 and
 ‘‘(ii) in the case of a third party network trans­
 action, any person who accepts payment from a third
 party settlement organization in settlement of such
 transaction.
 ‘‘(B) EXCLUSION OF FOREIGN PERSONS.—Except as pro­
 vided by the Secretary in regulations or other guidance,
 such term shall not include any person with a foreign
 address.
 ‘‘(C) INCLUSION OF GOVERNMENTAL UNITS.—The term
 ‘person’ includes any governmental unit (and any agency
 or instrumentality thereof).
 ‘‘(2) PAYMENT CARD.—The term ‘payment card’ means any
 card which is issued pursuant to an agreement or arrangement
 which provides for—
 ‘‘(A) one or more issuers of such cards,
 ‘‘(B) a network of persons unrelated to each other,
 and to the issuer, who agree to accept such cards as pay­
 ment, and
 ‘‘(C) standards and mechanisms for settling the trans­
 actions between the merchant acquiring entities and the
 persons who agree to accept such cards as payment.
 The acceptance as payment of any account number or other
 indicia associated with a payment card shall be treated for
 purposes of this section in the same manner as accepting such
 payment card as payment.
 ‘‘(3) THIRD PARTY PAYMENT NETWORK.—The term ‘third
 party payment network’ means any agreement or arrange­
 ment—