PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2703 

‘‘(29) MINORITY CENSUS TRACT.—The term ‘minority census tract’ means a census tract that has a minority population of at least 30 percent and a median family income of less than 100 percent of the area family median income.

‘‘(30) SHORTAGE OF STANDARD RENTAL UNITS BOTH AFFORDABLE AND AVAILABLE TO EXTREMELY LOW-INCOME RENTER HOUSEHOLDS.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘shortage of standard rental units both affordable and available to extremely low-income renter households’ means the gap between—
‘‘(i) the number of units with complete plumbing and kitchen facilities with a rent that is 30 percent or less of 30 percent of the adjusted area median income as determined by the Director that are occupied by extremely low-income renter households or are vacant for rent; and
‘‘(ii) the number of extremely low-income renter households.

‘‘(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—If the number of units described in subparagraph (A)(i) exceeds the number of extremely low-income households as described in subparagraph (A)(ii), there is no shortage.

‘‘(31) SHORTAGE OF STANDARD RENTAL UNITS BOTH AFFORDABLE AND AVAILABLE TO VERY LOW-INCOME RENTER HOUSEHOLDS.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘shortage of standard rental units both affordable and available to very low-income renter households’ means the gap between—
‘‘(i) the number of units with complete plumbing and kitchen facilities with a rent that is 30 percent or less of 50 percent of the adjusted area median income as determined by the Director that are occupied by either extremely low- or very low-income renter households or are vacant for rent; and
‘‘(ii) the number of extremely low- and very low-income renter households.

‘‘(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—If the number of units described in subparagraph (A)(i) exceeds the number of extremely low- and very low-income households as described in subparagraph (A)(ii), there is no shortage.’’.

SEC. 1129. DUTY TO SERVE UNDERSERVED MARKETS.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT AND EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE.—Section 1335 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4565) is amended—
(1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘DUTY TO SERVE UNDERSERVED MARKETS AND’’ before ‘‘OTHER’’;
(2) by striking subsection (b);
(3) in subsection (a)—
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and to carry out the duty under subsection (a) of this section’’ before ‘‘, each enterprise shall’’;
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end;
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a period;
(D) by striking paragraph (5); and

122 STAT. 2704

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

(E) by redesignating such subsection as subsection (b);
(4) by inserting before subsection (b) (as so redesignated by paragraph (3)(E) of this subsection) the following new subsection:

‘‘(a) DUTY TO SERVE UNDERSERVED MARKETS.—
‘‘(1) DUTY.—To increase the liquidity of mortgage investments and improve the distribution of investment capital available for mortgage financing for underserved markets, each enterprise shall provide leadership to the market in developing loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary market for mortgages for very low-, low-, and moderate-income families with respect to the following underserved markets:
‘‘(A) MANUFACTURED HOUSING.—The enterprise shall develop loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary market for mortgages on manufactured homes for very low-, low-, and moderate-income families.
‘‘(B) AFFORDABLE HOUSING PRESERVATION.—The enterprise shall develop loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary market to preserve housing affordable to very low-, low-, and moderate-income families, including housing projects subsidized under—
‘‘(i) the project-based and tenant-based rental assistance programs under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937;
‘‘(ii) the program under section 236 of the National Housing Act;
‘‘(iii) the below-market interest rate mortgage program under section 221(d)(4) of the National Housing Act;
‘‘(iv) the supportive housing for the elderly program under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959;
‘‘(v) the supportive housing program for persons with disabilities under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act;
‘‘(vi) the programs under title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11361 et seq.), but only permanent supportive housing projects subsidized under such programs;
‘‘(vii) the rural rental housing program under section 515 of the Housing Act of 1949;
‘‘(viii) the low-income housing tax credit under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and
‘‘(ix) comparable state and local affordable housing programs.
‘‘(C) RURAL MARKETS.—The enterprise shall develop loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary market for mortgages for housing for very low-, and low-, and moderate-income families in rural areas.’’; and
(5) by adding at the end the following new subsections:

‘‘(c) ADDITIONAL CATEGORIES.—The Director may submit recommendations to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate for the establishment of additional categories under subsection (a), provided that the Director makes

122 STAT. 2705

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

a preliminary determination that any such category is important to the mission of the enterprises, that the category is an underserved market, and that the establishment of such category is warranted.

‘‘(d) EVALUATION AND REPORTING OF COMPLIANCE.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall, by regulation, establish effective for 2010 and thereafter a manner for evaluating whether, and the extent to which, the enterprises have complied with the duty under subsection (a) to serve underserved markets and for rating the extent of such compliance. Using such method, the Director shall, for 2010 and each year thereafter, evaluate such compliance and rate the performance of each enterprise as to extent of compliance. The Director shall include such evaluation and rating for each enterprise for a year in the report for that year submitted pursuant to section 1319B(a).
‘‘(2) SEPARATE EVALUATIONS.—In determining whether an enterprises has complied with the duty referred to in paragraph (1), the Director shall separately evaluate whether the enterprise has complied with such duty with respect to each of the underserved markets identified in subsection (a), taking into consideration—
‘‘(A) the development of loan products, more flexible underwriting guidelines, and other innovative approaches to providing financing to each of such underserved markets;
‘‘(B) the extent of outreach to qualified loan sellers and other market participants in each of such underserved markets;
‘‘(C) the volume of loans purchased in each of such underserved markets relative to the market opportunities available to the enterprise, except that the Director shall not establish specific quantitative targets nor evaluate the enterprises based solely on the volume of loans purchased; and
‘‘(D) the amount of investments and grants in projects which assist in meeting the needs of such underserved markets.
‘‘(3) MANUFACTURED HOUSING MARKET.—In determining whether an enterprise has complied with the duty under subparagraph (A) of subsection (a)(1), the Director may consider loans secured by both real and personal property.
‘‘(4) PROHIBITION OF CONSIDERATION OF AFFORDABLE HOUSING FUND GRANTS FOR MEETING DUTY TO SERVE.—In determining whether an enterprise has complied with the duty referred to in paragraph (1), the Director may not consider any affordable housing fund grant amounts used under section 1337 for eligible activities under subsection (g) of such section.’’.
(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (a) of section 1336 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4566(a)) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and with the duty under section 1335(a) of each enterprise with respect to underserved markets,’’ before ‘‘as provided in this section’’; and
(2) by adding at the end of such subsection, as amended by the preceding provisions of this title, the following new paragraph:

‘‘(4) ENFORCEMENT OF DUTY TO PROVIDE MORTGAGE CREDIT TO UNDERSERVED MARKETS.—The duty under section 1335(a)

122 STAT. 2706

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

of each enterprise to serve underserved markets (as determined in accordance with section 1335(c)) shall be enforceable under this section to the same extent and under the same provisions that the housing goals established under this subpart are enforceable. Such duty shall be enforceable only under this section, except that such duty shall not be subject to subsection (c)(7) of this section and shall not be enforceable under any other provision of this title (including subpart C of this part) or under any provision of the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act.’’.

(c) ADDITIONAL CREDIT FOR CERTAIN MORTGAGES.—Section 1336(a) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4566(a)) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in paragraph (5),’’ after ‘‘which’’; and
(2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(5) ADDITIONAL CREDIT.—The Director may assign additional credit toward achievement, under this section, of the housing goals for mortgage purchase activities of the enterprises that comply with the requirements of such goals and support housing that includes a licensed childcare center. The availability of additional credit under this paragraph shall not be used to increase any housing goal, subgoal, or target established under this subpart.’’.

SEC. 1130. MONITORING AND ENFORCING COMPLIANCE WITH HOUSING GOALS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1336 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4566) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following:
‘‘(b) NOTICE AND PRELIMINARY DETERMINATION OF FAILURE TO MEET GOALS.—
‘‘(1) NOTICE.—If the Director preliminarily determines that an enterprise has failed, or that there is a substantial probability that an enterprise will fail, to meet any housing goal under this subpart, the Director shall provide written notice to the enterprise of such a preliminary determination, the reasons for such determination, and the information on which the Director based the determination.
‘‘(2) RESPONSE PERIOD.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—During the 30-day period beginning on the date on which an enterprise is provided notice under paragraph (1), the enterprise may submit to the Director any written information that the enterprise considers appropriate for consideration by the Director in finally determining whether such failure has occurred or whether the achievement of such goal was or is feasible.
‘‘(B) EXTENDED PERIOD.—The Director may extend the period under subparagraph (A) for good cause for not more than 30 additional days.
‘‘(C) SHORTENED PERIOD.—The Director may shorten the period under subparagraph (A) for good cause.
‘‘(D) FAILURE TO RESPOND.—The failure of an enterprise to provide information during the 30-day period under this paragraph (as extended or shortened) shall waive any right

122 STAT. 2707

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

of the enterprise to comment on the proposed determination or action of the Director.
‘‘(3) CONSIDERATION OF INFORMATION AND FINAL DETERMINATION.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—After the expiration of the response period under paragraph (2), or upon receipt of information provided during such period by the enterprise, whichever occurs earlier, the Director shall issue a final determination on—
‘‘(i) whether the enterprise has failed, or there is a substantial probability that the enterprise will fail, to meet the housing goal; and
‘‘(ii) whether (taking into consideration market and economic conditions and the financial condition of the enterprise) the achievement of the housing goal was or is feasible.
‘‘(B) CONSIDERATIONS.—In making a final determination under subparagraph (A), the Director shall take into consideration any relevant information submitted by the enterprise during the response period.
‘‘(C) NOTICE.—The Director shall provide written notice, including a response to any information submitted during the response period, to the enterprise, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, of—
‘‘(i) each final determination that an enterprise has failed, or that there is a substantial probability that the enterprise will fail, to meet a housing goal;
‘‘(ii) each final determination that the achievement of a housing goal was or is feasible; and
‘‘(iii) the reasons for each such final determination.
‘‘(c) CEASE AND DESIST, CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES, AND REMEDIES INCLUDING HOUSING PLANS.—
‘‘(1) REQUIREMENT.—If the Director finds, pursuant to subsection (b), that there is a substantial probability that an enterprise will fail, or has actually failed, to meet any housing goal under this subpart, and that the achievement of such housing goal was or is feasible, the Director may require that the enterprise submit a housing plan under this subsection. If the Director makes such a finding and the enterprise refuses to submit such a plan, submits an unacceptable plan, or fails to comply with the plan, the Director may issue a cease and desist order in accordance with section 1341 and impose civil money penalties in accordance with section 1345.
‘‘(2) HOUSING PLAN.—If the Director requires a housing plan under this subsection, such a plan shall be—
‘‘(A) a feasible plan describing the specific actions the enterprise will take—
‘‘(i) to achieve the goal for the next calendar year; and
‘‘(ii) if the Director determines that there is a substantial probability that the enterprise will fail to meet a goal in the current year, to make such improvements and changes in its operations as are reasonable in the remainder of such year; and

122 STAT. 2708

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

‘‘(B) sufficiently specific to enable the Director to monitor compliance periodically.
‘‘(3) DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION.—The Director shall establish a deadline for an enterprise to submit a housing plan to the Director, which may not be more than 45 days after the enterprise is provided notice. The Director may extend the deadline to the extent that the Director determines necessary. Any extension of the deadline shall be in writing and for a time certain.
‘‘(4) APPROVAL.—The Director shall review each submission by an enterprise, including a housing plan submitted under this subsection, and, not later than 30 days after submission, approve or disapprove the plan or other action. The Director may extend the period for approval or disapproval for a single additional 30-day period if the Director determines it necessary. The Director shall approve any plan that the Director determines is likely to succeed, and conforms with the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (as applicable), this title, and any other applicable provision of law.
‘‘(5) NOTICE OF APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL.—The Director shall provide written notice to any enterprise submitting a housing plan of the approval or disapproval of the plan (which shall include the reasons for any disapproval of the plan) and of any extension of the period for approval or disapproval.
‘‘(6) RESUBMISSION.—If the initial housing plan submitted by an enterprise under this section is disapproved, the enterprise shall submit an amended plan acceptable to the Director not later than 15 days after such disapproval, or such longer period that the Director determines in the public interest.
‘‘(7) CEASE AND DESIST ORDERS; CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES.— Solely with respect to the housing goals established under sections 1332(a) and 1333(a)(1), if the Director requires an enterprise to submit a housing plan under this subsection and the enterprise refuses to submit such a plan, submits an unacceptable plan, or fails to comply with the plan, the Director may issue a cease and desist order in accordance with section 1341, impose civil money penalties in accordance with section 1345, exercise other appropriate enforcement authority or seek other appropriate actions.’’.
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The heading for subpart C of part 2 of subtitle A of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 is amended to read as follows:
‘‘Subpart C—Enforcement’’.
(c) CEASE AND DESIST PROCEEDINGS —
(1) REPEAL.—Section 1341 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4581) is hereby repealed.
(2) CEASE AND DESIST PROCEEDINGS.—The Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 is amended by inserting before section 1342 the following:

‘‘SEC. 1341. CEASE AND DESIST PROCEEDINGS.

‘‘(a) GROUNDS FOR ISSUANCE.—The Director may issue and serve a notice of charges under this section upon an enterprise if the Director determines that—
