PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008            122 STAT. 2823

the respondent may apply to the United States district 
court for the district in which the respondent resides or 
has its principal place of business, or for the District of 
Columbia, for an order setting aside, limiting, or sus-
pending the effectiveness or enforcement of the order, and 
the court shall have jurisdiction to enter such an order. 
A respondent served with a temporary cease and desist 
order entered without a prior hearing before the Secretary 
may not apply to the court except after hearing and decision 
by the Secretary on the respondent’s application under 
subparagraph (A).
(C) NO AUTOMATIC STAY OF TEMPORARY ORDER.—The 
commencement of proceedings under subparagraph (B) 
shall not, unless specifically ordered by the court, operate 
as a stay of the Secretary’s order.
(5) AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY TO PROHIBIT PERSONS 
FROM SERVING AS LOAN ORIGINATORS.—In any cease and desist 
proceeding under paragraph (1), the Secretary may issue an 
order to prohibit, conditionally or unconditionally, and perma-
nently or for such period of time as the Secretary shall deter-
mine, any person who has violated this title or regulations 
thereunder, from acting as a loan originator if the conduct 
of that person demonstrates unfitness to serve as a loan origi-
nator.
(d) AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY TO ASSESS MONEY PEN-
ALTIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may impose a civil penalty 
on a loan originator operating in any State which is subject 
to a licensing system established by the Secretary under section 
1508, if the Secretary finds, on the record after notice and 
opportunity for hearing, that such loan originator has violated 
or failed to comply with any requirement of this title or any 
regulation prescribed by the Secretary under this title or order 
issued under subsection (c).
(2) MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY.—The maximum amount 
of penalty for each act or omission described in paragraph 
(1) shall be $25,000.
SEC. 1515. STATE EXAMINATION AUTHORITY.
In addition to any authority allowed under State law a State 
licensing agency shall have the authority to conduct investigations 
and examinations as follows:
(1) For the purposes of investigating violations or com-
plaints arising under this title, or for the purposes of examina-
tion, the State licensing agency may review, investigate, or 
examine any loan originator licensed or required to be licensed 
under this title, as often as necessary in order to carry out 
the purposes of this title.
(2) Each such loan originator shall make available upon 
request to the State licensing agency the books and records 
relating to the operations of such originator. The State licensing 
agency may have access to such books and records and inter-
view the officers, principals, loan originators, employees, inde-
pendent contractors, agents, and customers of the licensee con-
cerning their business.
(3) The authority of this section shall remain in effect, 
whether such a loan originator acts or claims to act under 

122 STAT. 2824           PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

any licensing or registration law of such State, or claims to 
act without such authority.
(4) No person subject to investigation or examination under 
this section may knowingly withhold, abstract, remove, muti-
late, destroy, or secrete any books, records, computer records, 
or other information. 
12 USC 5115. 
SEC. 1516. REPORTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS TO CONGRESS.
(a)  ANNUAL REPORTS.—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this title, and annually thereafter, the Secretary 
shall submit a report to Congress on the effectiveness of the provi-
sions of this title, including legislative recommendations, if any, 
for strengthening consumer protections, enhancing examination 
standards, streamlining communication between all stakeholders 
involved in residential mortgage loan origination and processing, 
and establishing performance based bonding requirements for mort-
gage originators or institutions that employ such brokers.
Deadline. 
(b) LEGISLATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall make 
recommendations to Congress on legislative reforms to the Real 
Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974, that the Secretary deems 
appropriate to promote more transparent disclosures, allowing con-
sumers to better shop and compare mortgage loan terms and settle-
ment costs.
12 USC 5116. 
SEC. 1517. STUDY AND REPORTS ON DEFAULTS AND FORECLOSURES.
(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Secretary shall conduct an extensive 
study of the root causes of default and foreclosure of home loans, 
using as much empirical data as is available.
Deadline. 
(b) PRELIMINARY REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary 
shall submit to Congress a preliminary report regarding the study 
required by this section.
Deadline. 
(c) FINAL REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall submit 
to Congress a final report regarding the results of the study required 
by this section, which shall include any recommended legislation 
relating to the study, and recommendations for best practices and 
for a process to provide targeted assistance to populations with 
the highest risk of potential default or foreclosure. 

TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS
12 USC 4514a. 
SEC. 1601. STUDY AND REPORTS ON GUARANTEE FEES.
(a) ONGOING STUDY OF FEES.—The Director shall conduct an 
ongoing study of fees charged by enterprises for guaranteeing a 
mortgage.
(b) COLLECTION OF DATA.—The Director shall, by regulation 
or order, establish procedures for the collection of data from enter-
prises for purposes of this subsection, including the format and 
the process for collection of such data.
(c) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—The Director shall annually submit 
a report to Congress on the results of the study conducted under 
subsection (a), based on the aggregated data collected under sub-
section (a) for the subject year, regarding the amount of such 
fees and the criteria used by the enterprises to determine such 
fees. 

122 STAT. 2825           PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

(d) CONTENTS OF REPORTS.—The reports required under sub-
section (c) shall identify and analyze—
(1) the factors considered in determining the amount of 
the guarantee fees charged;
(2) the total revenue earned by the enterprises from guar-
antee fees;
(3) the total costs incurred by the enterprises for providing 
guarantees;
(4) the average guarantee fee charged by the enterprises;
(5) an analysis of any increase or decrease in guarantee 
fees from the preceding year;
(6) a breakdown of the revenue and costs associated with 
providing guarantees, based on product type and risk classifica-
tions; and
(7) a breakdown of guarantee fees charged based on asset 
size of the originator and the number of loans sold or trans-
ferred to an enterprise.
(e) PROTECTION OF INFORMATION.—Nothing in this section may 
be construed to require or authorize the Director to publicly disclose 
information that is confidential or proprietary.
SEC. 1602. STUDY AND REPORT ON DEFAULT RISK EVALUATION.
(a) STUDY.—The Director shall conduct a study of ways to 
improve the overall default risk evaluation used with respect to 
residential mortgage loans. Particular attention shall be paid to 
the development and utilization of processes and technologies that 
provide a means to standardize the measurement of risk.
Deadline. 
(b) REPORT.—The Director shall submit a report on the study 
conducted under this section to the Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee 
on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act.
SEC. 1603. CONVERSION OF HUD CONTRACTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
the Secretary may, at the request of an owner of a multifamily 
housing project that exceeds 5,000 units to which a contract for 
project-based rental assistance under section 8 of the United States 
Housing Act of 1937 (“Act”) (42 U.S.C. 1437f) and a Rental Assist-
ance Payment contract is subject, convert such contracts to a con-
tract for project-based rental assistance under section 8 of the 
Act.
(b) INITIAL RENEWAL.—
(1) At the request of an owner under subsection (a) made 
no later than 90 days prior to a conversion, the Secretary 
may, to the extent sufficient amounts are made available in 
appropriation Acts and notwithstanding any other law, treat 
the contemplated resulting contract as if such contract were 
eligible for initial renewal under section 524(a) of the Multi-
family Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 
(42 U.S.C. 1437f note) (“MAHRA’’) (42 U.S.C. 1437f note).
(2) A request by an owner pursuant to paragraph (1) shall 
be upon such terms and conditions as the Secretary may 
require.
(c) RESULTING CONTRACT.—The resulting contract shall—
(1) be subject to section 524(a) of MAHRA (42 U.S.C. 1437f 
note);
 
122 STAT. 2826           PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

(2) be considered for all purposes a contract that has been 
renewed under section 524(a) of MAHRA (42 U.S.C. 1437f 
note) for a term not to exceed 20 years;
(3) be subsequently renewable at the request of an owner, 
under any renewal option for which the project is eligible under 
MAHRA (42 U.S.C. 1437f note);
(4) contain provisions limiting distributions, as the Sec-
retary determines appropriate, not to exceed 10 percent of 
the initial investment of the owner;
(5) be subject to the availability of sufficient amounts in 
appropriation Acts; and
(6) be subject to such other terms and conditions as the 
Secretary considers appropriate.
(d) INCOME TARGETING.—To the extent that assisted dwelling 
units, subject to the resulting contract under subsection (a), serve 
low-income families, as defined in section 3(b)(2) of the Act (42 
U.S.C. 1437a(b)(2)) the units shall be considered to be in compliance 
with all income targeting requirements under the Act (42 U.S.C. 
1437 et seq).
(e) TENANT ELIGIBILITY.—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, each family residing in an assisted dwelling unit on the 
date of conversion of a contract under this section, subject to the 
resulting contract under subsection (a), shall be considered to meet 
the applicable requirements for income eligibility and occupancy.
(f) DEFINITIONS.—As used in this section—
(1) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development;
(2) the term ‘‘conversion’’ means the action under which 
a contract for project-based rental assistance under section 
8 of the Act and a Rental Assistance Payment contract become 
a contract for project-based rental assistance under section 
8 of the Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f) pursuant to subsection (a);
(3) the term ‘‘resulting contract’’ means the new contract 
after a conversion pursuant to subsection (a); and
(4) the term ‘‘assisted dwelling unit’’ means a dwelling 
unit in a multifamily housing project that exceeds 5,000 units 
that, on the date of conversion of a contract under this section, 
is subject to a contract for project-based rental assistance under 
section 8 of the Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f) or a Rental Assistance 
Payment contract.
SEC. 1604. BRIDGE DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL.— Section 11 of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Act (12 U.S.C. 1821) is amended—
(1) in subsection (d)(2)—
(A) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘as receiver’’ and 
all that follows through clause (ii) and inserting the fol-
lowing: ‘‘as receiver, with respect to any insured depository 
institution, organize a new depository institution under 
subsection (m) or a bridge depository institution under 
subsection (n).’’;
(B) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘new bank or 
a bridge bank’’ and inserting ‘‘new depository institution 
or  a bridge depository institution’’;
(2) in the heading for subsection (e)(10)(C)(i), by striking 
‘‘BRIDGE  BANKS’’ and inserting ‘‘BRIDGE DEPOSITORY INSTITU-
TIONS’’;

122 STAT. 2827           PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

(3) in subsection (e)(10)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘bridge bank’’ 
and inserting ‘‘bridge depository institution’’;
(4) in subsection (m)—
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘BANKS’’ 
and inserting ‘‘DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS’’;
(B) by striking ‘‘insured bank’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘insured depository institution’’;
(C) by striking ‘‘new bank’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘new depository institution’’;
(D) by striking ‘‘such bank’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘such depository institution’’;
(E) by striking ‘‘the bank’’ each place such term appears 
and inserting ‘‘the insured depository institution’’;
(F) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or Federal savings 
association’’ after ‘‘national bank’’;
(G) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘only bank’’ and 
inserting ‘‘only depository institution’’;
(H) in paragraph (9), by inserting ‘‘or the Director 
of the Office of Thrift Supervision, as appropriate’’ after 
‘‘Comptroller of the Currency’’;
(I) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘, but in no event’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘located’’;
(J) in paragraph (16)—
(i) by inserting ‘‘or the Director of the Office 
of Thrift Supervision, as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘Comptroller 
of the Currency’’ each place such term appears;
(ii) by striking ‘‘the bank’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘the depository institution’’;
(K) in paragraph (18), by inserting ‘‘or the Director 
of the Office of Thrift Supervision, as appropriate,’’ after 
‘‘Comptroller of the Currency’’ each place such term 
appears;
(5) in subsection (n)—
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘BANKS’’ 
and inserting ‘‘DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS’’;
(B) by striking ‘‘bridge bank’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘bridge depository institution’’;
(C) by striking ‘‘bridge banks’’ each place such term 
appears (other than in paragraph (1)(A)) and inserting 
‘‘bridge depository institutions’’;
(D) by striking ‘‘insured bank’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘insured depository institution’’;
(E) by striking ‘‘insured banks’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘insured depository institutions’’;
(F) by striking ‘‘such bank’’ each place such term 
appears (other than in paragraph (4)(J)) and inserting 
‘‘such depository institution’’;
(G) by striking ‘‘the bank’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘the depository institution’’;
(H) by striking ‘‘bank or banks’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘depository institution or institu-
tions’’;
(I) in paragraph (1)(A)—
(i) by inserting ‘‘, with respect to 1 or more insured 
banks, or the Director of the Office of Thrift Super-
vision, with respect to 1 or more insured savings 
associations,’’ after ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency’’;
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or Federal savings associations, 
as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘national banks’’; and
(iii) by striking ‘‘as bridge bank’’ and inserting 
‘‘as bridge depository institutions’’;
(J) in paragraph (1)(B)—
(i) by inserting ‘‘of a bank’’; and
(ii) by striking ‘‘of that bank’’;
(K) in the heading for paragraph (1)(E), by inserting 
‘‘ OR FEDERAL SAVINGS ASSOCIATION’’ before the period;
(L) in paragraph (1)(E), by inserting before the period ‘‘, 
in the case of 1 or more insured banks, and as  a Federal 
savings association, in the case of 1 or more insured savings 
associations’’;
(M) in paragraph (2)—
(i) by inserting ‘‘or Federal savings association’’ 
after ‘‘national bank’’ each place such term appears;
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or the 
Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ after 
‘‘Comptroller of the Currency’’;
(iii) in the heading for subparagraph (B), by 
inserting ‘‘OR FEDERAL SAVINGS ASSOCIATION’’ before 
the  period;
(O) in paragraph (4)—
(i) in  the  matter preceding subparagraph (A), by 
inserting ‘‘or Federal savings association, as appro-
priate’’ after ‘‘national bank’’;
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘under section 5138 of the Revised Statutes or any other’’ and 
inserting ‘‘under any’’;
(iii) by inserting ‘‘and the Director of the Office 
of Thrift Supervision, as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘Comp-
troller of the Currency’’ each place such term appears;
(iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘banks’’ and 
inserting ‘‘depository institution’’;
(v) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘a bank in 
default’’ and inserting ‘‘a depository institution in 
default’’;
(P) in paragraph (8)—
(i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the banks’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the depository institutions’’;
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘banks’’ and 
inserting ‘‘depository institutions’’;
(Q) by striking ‘‘BRIDGE BANK’’ or ‘‘BRIDGE BANKS’’ as 
the case may be in the headings for paragraphs (9), (10), 
(12), and (13) and inserting ‘‘BRIDGE DEPOSITORY INSTITU-
TION’’ or ‘‘BRIDGE DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS’’ as appropriate;
