PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2809
Treasury and do not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount specified in subsection (m);
      ‘‘(B) provide the subsidy amounts necessary for loan guarantees under the HOPE for Homeowners Program, not to exceed the amount specified in subsection (m), in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), except as provided in this paragraph; and
      ‘‘(C) use the proceeds from HOPE bonds only to pay for the net costs to the Federal Government of the HOPE for Homeowners Program, including administrative costs.
      ‘‘(2) REIMBURSEMENTS TO TREASURY.—Funds received pursuant to section 1338(b) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Regulatory Reform Act of 1992 shall be used to reimburse the Secretary of the Treasury for amounts borrowed under paragraph (1).
      ‘‘(3) USE OF RESERVE FUND.—If the net cost to the Federal Government for the HOPE for Homeowners Program exceeds the amount of funds received under paragraph (2), remaining debts of the HOPE for Homeowners Program shall be paid from amounts deposited into the fund established by the Secretary under section 1337(e) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, remaining amounts in such fund to be used to reduce the National debt.
      ‘‘(4) REDUCTION OF NATIONAL DEBT.—Amounts collected under the HOPE for Homeowners Program in accordance with subsection (s) that are in excess of the net cost to the Federal Government for such Program shall be used to reduce the National debt.’’.

SEC. 1403. FIDUCIARY DUTY OF SERVICERS OF POOLED RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOANS.
      The Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 129 the following new section:
‘‘SEC. 129A. FIDUCIARY DUTY OF SERVICERS OF POOLED RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGES.
      ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as may be established in any investment contract between a servicer of pooled residential mortgages and an investor, a servicer of pooled residential mortgages—
      ‘‘(1) owes any duty to maximize the net present value of the pooled mortgages in an investment to all investors and parties having a direct or indirect interest in such investment, not to any individual party or group of parties; and
      ‘‘(2) shall be deemed to act in the best interests of all such investors and parties if the servicer agrees to or implements a modification or workout plan, including any modification or refinancing undertaken pursuant to the HOPE for Homeowners Act of 2008, for a residential mortgage or a class of residential mortgages that constitute a part or all of the pooled mortgages in such investment, provided that any mortgage so modified meets the following criteria:
            ‘‘(A) Default on the payment of such mortgage has occurred or is reasonably foreseeable.
            ‘‘(B) The property securing such mortgage is occupied by the mortgagor of such mortgage.
            ‘‘(C) The anticipated recovery on the principal outstanding obligation of the mortgage under the modification

122 STAT. 2810                                                         PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
or workout plan exceeds, on a net present value basis, the anticipated recovery on the principal outstanding obligation of the mortgage through foreclosure.
      ‘‘(b) DEFINITION.—As used in this section, the term ‘servicer’ means the person responsible for servicing of a loan (including the person who makes or holds a loan if such person also services the loan).’’.

SEC. 1404. REVISED STANDARDS FOR FHA APPRAISERS.
      Section 202(e) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1708(e)) Effective date. is amended by adding at the end the following:
      ‘‘(5) ADDITIONAL APPRAISER STANDARDS.—Beginning on the date of enactment of the Federal Housing Finance Regulatory Reform Act of 2008, any appraiser chosen or approved to conduct appraisals for mortgages under this title shall—
            ‘‘(A) be certified—
                  ‘‘(i) by the State in which the property to be appraised is located; or
                  ‘‘(ii) by a nationally recognized professional appraisal organization; and
            ‘‘(B) have demonstrated verifiable education in the appraisal requirements established by the Federal Housing Administration under this subsection.’’.

TITLE V—S.A.F.E. MORTGAGE LICENSING ACT
12 USC 5101
note.
SEC. 1501. SHORT TITLE.
      This title may be cited as the ‘‘Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008’’ or ‘‘S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008’’.

States.
12 USC 5101
note.
SEC. 1502. PURPOSES AND METHODS FOR ESTABLISHING A MORTGAGE LICENSING SYSTEM AND REGISTRY.
      In order to increase uniformity, reduce regulatory burden, enhance consumer protection, and reduce fraud, the States, through the Conference of State Bank Supervisors and the American Association of Residential Mortgage Regulators, are hereby encouraged to establish a Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry for the residential mortgage industry that accomplishes the following objectives:
      (1) Provides uniform license applications and reporting requirements for State-licensed loan originators.
      (2) Provides a comprehensive licensing and supervisory database.
      (3) Aggregates and improves the flow of information to and between regulators.
      (4) Provides increased accountability and tracking of loan originators.
      (5) Streamlines the licensing process and reduces the regulatory burden.
      (6) Enhances consumer protections and supports anti-fraud measures.
      (7) Provides consumers with easily accessible information, offered at no charge, utilizing electronic media, including the Internet, regarding the employment history of, and publicly

122 STAT. 2811                                                         PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
adjudicated disciplinary and enforcement actions against, loan originators.
      (8) Establishes a means by which residential mortgage loan originators would, to the greatest extent possible, be required to act in the best interests of the consumer.
      (9) Facilitates responsible behavior in the subprime mortgage market place and provides comprehensive training and examination requirements related to subprime mortgage lending.
      (10) Facilitates the collection and disbursement of consumer complaints on behalf of State and Federal mortgage regulators.

SEC. 1503. DEFINITIONS. 12 USC 5102.
      For purposes of this title, the following definitions shall apply:
      (1) FEDERAL BANKING AGENCIES.—The term ‘‘Federal banking agencies’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
      (2) DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION.—The term ‘‘depository institution’’ has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and includes any credit union.
      (3) LOAN ORIGINATOR.—
            (A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘loan originator’’—
                  (i) means an individual who—
                        (I) takes a residential mortgage loan application; and
                        (II) offers or negotiates terms of a residential mortgage loan for compensation or gain;
                  (ii) does not include any individual who is not otherwise described in clause (i) and who performs purely administrative or clerical tasks on behalf of a person who is described in any such clause;
                  (iii) does not include a person or entity that only performs real estate brokerage activities and is licensed or registered in accordance with applicable State law, unless the person or entity is compensated by a lender, a mortgage broker, or another loan originator or by any agent of such lender, mortgage broker, or other loan originator; and
                  (iv) does not include a person or entity solely involved in extensions of credit relating to timeshare plans, as that term is defined in section 101(53D) of title 11, United States Code.
            (B) OTHER DEFINITIONS RELATING TO LOAN ORIGINATOR.—For purposes of this subsection, an individual ‘‘assists a consumer in obtaining or applying to obtain a residential mortgage loan’’ by, among other things, advising on loan terms (including rates, fees, other costs), preparing loan packages, or collecting information on behalf of the consumer with regard to a residential mortgage loan.
            (C) ADMINISTRATIVE OR CLERICAL TASKS.—The term ‘‘administrative or clerical tasks’’ means the receipt, collection, and distribution of information common for the processing or underwriting of a loan in the mortgage industry

122 STAT. 2812                                                         PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
and communication with a consumer to obtain information necessary for the processing or underwriting of a residential mortgage loan.
            (D) REAL ESTATE BROKERAGE ACTIVITY DEFINED.—The term ‘‘real estate brokerage activity’’ means any activity that involves offering or providing real estate brokerage services to the public, including—
                  (i) acting as a real estate agent or real estate broker for a buyer, seller, lessor, or lessee of real property;
                  (ii) bringing together parties interested in the sale, purchase, lease, rental, or exchange of real property;
                  (iii) negotiating, on behalf of any party, any portion of a contract relating to the sale, purchase, lease, rental, or exchange of real property (other than in connection with providing financing with respect to any such transaction);
                  (iv) engaging in any activity for which a person engaged in the activity is required to be registered or licensed as a real estate agent or real estate broker under any applicable law; and
                  (v) offering to engage in any activity, or act in any capacity, described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv).
      (4) LOAN PROCESSOR OR UNDERWRITER.—
            (A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘loan processor or underwriter’’ means an individual who performs clerical or support duties at the direction of and subject to the supervision and instruction of—
                  (i) a State-licensed loan originator; or
                  (ii) a registered loan originator.
            (B) CLERICAL OR SUPPORT DUTIES.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘‘clerical or support duties’’ may include—
                  (i) the receipt, collection, distribution, and analysis of information common for the processing or underwriting of a residential mortgage loan; and
                  (ii) communicating with a consumer to obtain the information necessary for the processing or underwriting of a loan, to the extent that such communication does not include offering or negotiating loan rates or terms, or counseling consumers about residential mortgage loan rates or terms.
      (5) NATIONWIDE MORTGAGE LICENSING SYSTEM AND REGISTRY.—The term ‘‘Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry’’ means a mortgage licensing system developed and maintained by the Conference of State Bank Supervisors and the American Association of Residential Mortgage Regulators for the State licensing and registration of State-licensed loan originators and the registration of registered loan originators or any system established by the Secretary under section 1509.
      (6) NONTRADITIONAL MORTGAGE PRODUCT.—The term ‘‘nontraditional mortgage product’’ means any mortgage product other than a 30-year fixed rate mortgage.
      (7) REGISTERED LOAN ORIGINATOR.—The term ‘‘registered loan originator’’ means any individual who—
              (A) meets the definition of loan originator and is an employee of—
