PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2813

(i) a depository institution;
(ii) a subsidiary that is—
(I) owned and controlled by a depository institution; and 
(II) regulated by a Federal banking agency; 
or 
(iii) an institution regulated by the Farm Credit Administration; and 
(B) is registered with, and maintains a unique identifier through, the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.

(8) RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN.—The term “residential mortgage loan” means any loan primarily for personal, family, or household use that is secured by a mortgage, deed of trust, or other equivalent consensual security interest on a dwelling (as defined in section 103(v) of the Truth in Lending Act) or residential real estate upon which is constructed or intended to be constructed a dwelling (as so defined).

(9) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.

(10) STATE.—The term “State” means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, any territory of the United States, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, the Virgin Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands.

(11) STATE-LICENSED LOAN ORIGINATOR.—The term “State-licensed loan originator” means any individual who—
(A) is a loan originator;
(B) is not an employee of—
(i) a depository institution;
(ii) a subsidiary that is—
(I) owned and controlled by a depository institution; and
(II) regulated by a Federal banking agency;
or
(iii) an institution regulated by the Farm Credit Administration; and
(C) is licensed by a State or by the Secretary under section 1508 and registered as a loan originator with, and maintains a unique identifier through, the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.

(12) UNIQUE IDENTIFIER.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term “unique identifier” means a number or other identifier that—
(i) permanently identifies a loan originator;
(ii) is assigned by protocols established by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry and the Federal banking agencies to facilitate electronic tracking of loan originators and uniform identification of, and public access to, the employment history of and the publicly adjudicated disciplinary and enforcement actions against loan originators; and
(iii) shall not be used for purposes other than those set forth under this title.
(B) RESPONSIBILITY OF STATES.—To the greatest extent possible and to accomplish the purpose of this title, States

122 STAT. 2814
PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008

shall use unique identifiers in lieu of social security numbers.

12 USC 5103.
SEC. 1504. LICENSE OR REGISTRATION REQUIRED.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Subject to the existence of a licensing or registration regime, as the case may be, an individual may not engage in the business of a loan originator without first—
(1) obtaining, and maintaining annually—
(A) a registration as a registered loan originator; or
(B) a license and registration as a State-licensed loan originator; and
(2) obtaining a unique identifier.
(b) LOAN PROCESSORS AND UNDERWRITERS.—
(1) SUPERVISED LOAN PROCESSORS AND UNDERWRITERS.—
A loan processor or underwriter who does not represent to the public, through advertising or other means of communicating or providing information (including the use of business cards, stationery, brochures, signs, rate lists, or other promotional items), that such individual can or will perform any of the activities of a loan originator shall not be required to be a State-licensed loan originator.
(2) INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.—An independent contractor may not engage in residential mortgage loan origination activities as a loan processor or underwriter unless such independent contractor is a State-licensed loan originator.

12 USC 5104. 
SEC. 1505. STATE LICENSE AND REGISTRATION APPLICATION AND ISSUANCE.

(a) BACKGROUND CHECKS.—In connection with an application to any State for licensing and registration as a State-licensed loan originator, the applicant shall, at a minimum, furnish to the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry information concerning the applicant’s identity, including—
(1) fingerprints for submission to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and any governmental agency or entity authorized to receive such information for a State and national criminal history background check; and
(2) personal history and experience, including authorization for the System to obtain—
(A) an independent credit report obtained from a consumer reporting agency described in section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act; and
(B) information related to any administrative, civil or criminal findings by any governmental jurisdiction.
(b) ISSUANCE OF LICENSE.—The minimum standards for licensing and registration as a State-licensed loan originator shall include the following:
(1) The applicant has never had a loan originator license revoked in any governmental jurisdiction.
(2) The applicant has not been convicted of, or pled guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony in a domestic, foreign, or military court—
(A) during the 7-year period preceding the date of the application for licensing and registration; or
(B) at any time preceding such date of application, if such felony involved an act of fraud, dishonesty, or a breach of trust, or money laundering.

122 STAT. 2815
PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008

(3) The applicant has demonstrated financial responsibility, character, and general fitness such as to command the confidence of the community and to warrant a determination that the loan originator will operate honestly, fairly, and efficiently within the purposes of this title.
(4) The applicant has completed the pre-licensing education requirement described in subsection (c).
(5) The applicant has passed a written test that meets the test requirement described in subsection (d).
(6) The applicant has met either a net worth or surety bond requirement, or paid into a State fund, as required by the State pursuant to section 1508(d)(6).
(c) PRE-LICENSING EDUCATION OF LOAN ORIGINATORS.—
(1) MINIMUM EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS.—In order to meet the pre-licensing education requirement referred to in subsection (b)(4), a person shall complete at least 20 hours of education approved in accordance with paragraph (2), which shall include at least—
(A) 3 hours of Federal law and regulations;
(B) 3 hours of ethics, which shall include instruction on fraud, consumer protection, and fair lending issues; and
(C) 2 hours of training related to lending standards for the nontraditional mortgage product marketplace.
(2) APPROVED EDUCATIONAL COURSES.—For purposes of paragraph (1), pre-licensing education courses shall be reviewed and approved by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.
(3) LIMITATION AND STANDARDS.—
(A) LIMITATION.—To maintain the independence of the approval process, the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry shall not directly or indirectly offer pre-licensure educational courses for loan originators.
(B) STANDARDS.—In approving courses under this section, the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry shall apply reasonable standards in the review and approval of courses.
(d) TESTING OF LOAN ORIGINATORS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In order to meet the written test requirement referred to in subsection (b)(5), an individual shall pass, in accordance with the standards established under this subsection, a qualified written test developed by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry and administered by an approved test provider.
(2) QUALIFIED TEST.—A written test shall not be treated as a qualified written test for purposes of paragraph (1) unless the test adequately measures the applicant’s knowledge and comprehension in appropriate subject areas, including—
(A) ethics;
(B) Federal law and regulation pertaining to mortgage origination;
(C) State law and regulation pertaining to mortgage origination;
(D) Federal and State law and regulation, including instruction on fraud, consumer protection, the nontraditional mortgage marketplace, and fair lending issues.
(3) MINIMUM COMPETENCE.—

122 STAT. 2816
PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008

(A) PASSING SCORE.—An individual shall not be considered to have passed a qualified written test unless the individual achieves a test score of not less than 75 percent correct answers to questions.
(B) INITIAL RETESTS.—An individual may retake a test 3 consecutive times with each consecutive taking occurring at least 30 days after the preceding test.
(C) SUBSEQUENT RETESTS.—After failing 3 consecutive tests, an individual shall wait at least 6 months before taking the test again.
(D) RETEST AFTER LAPSE OF LICENSE.—A State-licensed loan originator who fails to maintain a valid license for a period of 5 years or longer shall retake the test, not taking into account any time during which such individual is a registered loan originator.
(e) MORTGAGE CALL REPORTS.—Each mortgage licensee shall submit to the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry reports of condition, which shall be in such form and shall contain such information as the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry may require.

12 USC 5105.
SEC. 1506. STANDARDS FOR STATE LICENSE RENEWAL.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The minimum standards for license renewal for State-licensed loan originators shall include the following:
(1) The loan originator continues to meet the minimum standards for license issuance.
(2) The loan originator has satisfied the annual continuing education requirements described in subsection (b).
(b) CONTINUING EDUCATION FOR STATE-LICENSED LOAN ORIGINATORS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In order to meet the annual continuing education requirements referred to in subsection (a)(2), a State-licensed loan originator shall complete at least 8 hours of education approved in accordance with paragraph (2), which shall include at least—
(A) 3 hours of Federal law and regulations;
(B) 2 hours of ethics, which shall include instruction on fraud, consumer protection, and fair lending issues; and
(C) 2 hours of training related to lending standards for the nontraditional mortgage product marketplace.
(2) APPROVED EDUCATIONAL COURSES.—For purposes of paragraph (1), continuing education courses shall be reviewed, and approved by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.
(3) CALCULATION OF CONTINUING EDUCATION CREDITS.—A State-licensed loan originator—
(A) may only receive credit for a continuing education course in the year in which the course is taken; and
(B) may not take the same approved course in the same or successive years to meet the annual requirements for continuing education.
(4) INSTRUCTOR CREDIT.—A State-licensed loan originator who is approved as an instructor of an approved continuing education course may receive credit for the originator’s own annual continuing education requirement at the rate of 2 hours credit for every 1 hour taught.

122 STAT. 2817
PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008

(5) LIMITATION AND STANDARDS.—
(A) LIMITATION.—To maintain the independence of the approval process, the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry shall not directly or indirectly offer any continuing education courses for loan originators.
(B) STANDARDS.—In approving courses under this section, the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry shall apply reasonable standards in the review and approval of courses.

12 USC 5106.
SEC. 1507. SYSTEM OF REGISTRATION ADMINISTRATION BY FEDERAL AGENCIES.

(a) DEVELOPMENT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Federal banking agencies shall jointly, through the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, and together with the Farm Credit Administration, develop and maintain a system for registering employees of a depository institution, employees of a subsidiary that is owned and controlled by a depository institution and regulated by a Federal banking agency, or employees of an institution regulated by the Farm Credit Administration, as registered loan originators with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry. The system shall be implemented before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this title.
(2) REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS.—In connection with the registration of any loan originator under this subsection, the appropriate Federal banking agency and the Farm Credit Administration shall, at a minimum, furnish or cause to be furnished to the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry information concerning the employees’s identity, including—
(A) fingerprints for submission to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and any governmental agency or entity authorized to receive such information for a State and national criminal history background check; and
(B) personal history and experience, including authorization for the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry to obtain information related to any administrative, civil or criminal findings by any governmental jurisdiction.

(b) COORDINATION.—
(1) UNIQUE IDENTIFIER.—The Federal banking agencies, through the Financial Institutions Examination Council, and the Farm Credit Administration shall coordinate with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry to establish protocols for assigning a unique identifier to each registered loan originator that will facilitate electronic tracking and uniform identification of, and public access to, the employment history of and publicly adjudicated disciplinary and enforcement actions against loan originators.
(2) NATIONWIDE MORTGAGE LICENSING SYSTEM AND REGISTRY DEVELOPMENT.—To facilitate the transfer of information required by subsection (a)(2), the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry shall coordinate with the Federal banking agencies, through the Financial Institutions