122 STAT. 2678

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

SEC. 1113. PROHIBITION AND WITHHOLDING OF EXECUTIVE COM-
PENSATION.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1318 of the Federal Housing Enter-
prises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4518)
is amended—
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘OF EXCESSIVE’’
and inserting ‘‘AND WITHHOLDING OF EXECUTIVE’’;
(2) in subsection (a)—
(A) by striking ‘‘enterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘regulated
entity’’; and
(B) by striking ‘‘enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘regulated
entities’’;
(3) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (d); and
(4) by inserting after subsection (a) the following:
‘‘(b) FACTORS.—In making any determination under subsection
(a), the Director may take into consideration any factors the Director
considers relevant, including any wrongdoing on the part of the
executive officer, and such wrongdoing shall include any fraudulent
act or omission, breach of trust or fiduciary duty, violation of
law, rule, regulation, order, or written agreement, and insider abuse
with respect to the regulated entity. The approval of an agreement
or contract pursuant to section 309(d)(3)(B) of the Federal National
Mortgage Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1723a(d)(3)(B)) or
section 303(h)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
Act (12 U.S.C. 1452(h)(2)) shall not preclude the Director from
making any subsequent determination under subsection (a).
‘‘(c) WITHHOLDING OF COMPENSATION.—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Director may require a regulated entity to withhold
any payment, transfer, or disbursement of compensation to an
executive officer, or to place such compensation in an escrow
account, during the review of the reasonableness and comparability
of compensation.’’.
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—
(1) FANNIE MAE.—Section 309(d) of the Federal National
Mortgage Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1723a(d)) is
amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the
corporation shall not transfer, disburse, or pay compensation to
any executive officer, or enter into an agreement with such executive
officer, without the approval of the Director, for matters being
reviewed under section 1318 of the Federal Housing Enterprises
Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4518).’’.
(2) FREDDIE MAC.—Section 303(h) of the Federal Home
Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1452(h)) is amended
by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the
Corporation shall not transfer, disburse, or pay compensation to
any executive officer, or enter into an agreement with such executive
officer, without the approval of the Director, for matters being
reviewed under section 1318 of the Federal Housing Enterprises
Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4518).’’.
(3) FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANKS.—Section 7 of the Federal
Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1427) is amended by adding
at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(l) WITHHOLDING OF COMPENSATION.—Notwithstanding any
other provision of this section, a Federal Home Loan Bank shall
not transfer, disburse, or pay compensation to any executive officer,

122 STAT. 2679

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

or enter into an agreement with such executive officer, without
the approval of the Director, for matters being reviewed under
section 1318 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety
and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4518).’’.

SEC. 1114. LIMIT ON GOLDEN PARACHUTES.
Section 1318 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial
Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4518) is amended
by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(e) AUTHORITY TO REGULATE OR PROHIBIT CERTAIN FORMS
OF BENEFITS TO AFFILIATED PARTIES.—
‘‘(1) GOLDEN PARACHUTES AND INDEMNIFICATION PAY-
MENTS.—The Director may prohibit or limit, by regulation or
order, any golden parachute payment or indemnification pay-
ment, 
‘‘(2) FACTORS TO BE TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT.—The Director
shall prescribe, by regulation, the factors to be considered by
the Director in taking any action pursuant to paragraph (1),
which may include such factors as—
‘‘(A) whether there is a reasonable basis to believe
that the affiliated party has committed any fraudulent
act or omission, breach of trust or fiduciary duty, or insider
abuse with regard to the regulated entity that has had
a material effect on the financial condition of the regulated
entity;
‘‘(B) whether there is a reasonable basis to believe
that the affiliated party is substantially responsible for
the insolvency of the regulated entity, the appointment
of a conservator or receiver for the regulated entity, or
the troubled condition of the regulated entity (as defined
in regulations prescribed by the Director);
‘‘(C) whether there is a reasonable basis to believe
that the affiliated party has materially violated any
applicable provision of Federal or State law or regulation
that has had a material effect on the financial condition
of the regulated entity;
‘‘(D) whether the affiliated party was in a position
of managerial or fiduciary responsibility; and
‘‘(E) the length of time that the party was affiliated
with the regulated entity, and the degree to which—
‘‘(i) the payment reasonably reflects compensation
earned over the period of employment; and
‘‘(ii) the compensation involved represents a
reasonable payment for services rendered.
‘‘(3) CERTAIN PAYMENTS PROHIBITED.—No regulated entity
may prepay the salary or any liability or legal expense of
any affiliated party if such payment is made—
‘‘(A) in contemplation of the insolvency of such regu-
lated entity, or after the commission of an act of insolvency;
and
‘‘(B) with a view to, or having the result of—
‘‘(i) preventing the proper application of the assets
of the regulated entity to creditors; or
‘‘(ii) preferring one creditor over another.
‘‘(4) GOLDEN PARACHUTE PAYMENT DEFINED.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this subsection, the
term ‘golden parachute payment’ means any payment (or

122 STAT. 2680

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

any agreement to make any payment) in the nature of
compensation by any regulated entity for the benefit of
any affiliated party pursuant to an obligation of such regu-
lated entity that—
‘‘(i) is contingent on the termination of such party’s
affiliation with the regulated entity; and
‘‘(ii) is received on or after the date on which—
‘‘(I) the regulated entity became insolvent;
‘‘(II) any conservator or receiver is appointed
for such regulated entity; or
‘‘(III) the Director determines that the regu-
lated entity is in a troubled condition (as defined
in the regulations of the Director).
‘‘(B) CERTAIN PAYMENTS IN CONTEMPLATION OF AN
EVENT.—Any payment which would be a golden parachute
payment but for the fact that such payment was made
before the date referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall
be treated as a golden parachute payment if the payment
was made in contemplation of the occurrence of an event
described in any subclause of such subparagraph.
‘‘(C) CERTAIN PAYMENTS NOT INCLUDED.—For purposes
of this subsection, the term ‘golden parachute payment’
shall not include—
‘‘(i) any payment made pursuant to a retirement
plan which is qualified (or is intended to be qualified)
under section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, or other nondiscriminatory benefit plan;
‘‘(ii) any payment made pursuant to a bona fide
deferred compensation plan or arrangement which the
Director determines, by regulation or order, to be
permissible; or
‘‘(iii) any payment made by reason of the death
or disability of an affiliated party.
‘‘(5) OTHER DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this subsection,
the following definitions shall apply:
‘‘(A) INDEMNIFICATION PAYMENT.—Subject to paragraph
(6), the term ‘indemnification payment’ means any payment
(or any agreement to make any payment) by any regulated
entity for the benefit of any person who is or was an
affiliated party, to pay or reimburse such person for any
liability or legal expense with regard to any administrative
proceeding or civil action instituted by the Agency which
results in a final order under which such person—
‘‘(i) is assessed a civil money penalty;
‘‘(ii) is removed or prohibited from participating
in conduct of the affairs of the regulated entity; or
‘‘(iii) is required to take any affirmative action
to correct certain conditions resulting from violations
or practices, by order of the Director.
‘‘(B) LIABILITY OR LEGAL EXPENSE.—The term ‘liability
or legal expense’ means—
‘‘(i) any legal or other professional expense
incurred in connection with any claim, proceeding, or
action;
‘‘(ii) the amount of, and any cost incurred in
connection with, any settlement of any claim, pro-
ceeding, or action; and

122 STAT. 2681

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

‘‘(iii) the amount of, and any cost incurred in
connection with, any judgment or penalty imposed with
respect to any claim, proceeding, or action.
‘‘(C) PAYMENT.—The term ‘payment’ includes—
‘‘(i) any direct or indirect transfer of any funds
or any asset; and
‘‘(ii) any segregation of any funds or assets for
the purpose of making, or pursuant to an agreement
to make, any payment after the date on which such
funds or assets are segregated, without regard to
whether the obligation to make such payment is contin-
gent on—
‘‘(I) the determination, after such date, of the
liability for the payment of such amount; or
‘‘(II) the liquidation, after such date, of the
amount of such payment.
‘‘(6) CERTAIN COMMERCIAL INSURANCE COVERAGE NOT
TREATED AS COVERED BENEFIT PAYMENT.—No provision of this
subsection shall be construed as prohibiting any regulated
entity from purchasing any commercial insurance policy or
fidelity bond, except that, subject to any requirement described
in paragraph (5)(A)(iii), such insurance policy or bond shall
not cover any legal or liability expense of the regulated entity
which is described in paragraph (5)(A).’’.

SEC. 1115. REPORTING OF FRAUDULENT LOANS.
Part 1 of subtitle C of the Federal Housing Enterprises Finan-
cial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4631 et seq.),
as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the
following new section:

‘‘SEC. 1379E. REPORTING OF FRAUDULENT LOANS.
‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT TO REPORT.—The Director shall require a
regulated entity to submit to the Director a timely report upon
discovery by the regulated entity that it has purchased or sold
a fraudulent loan or financial instrument, or suspects a possible
fraud relating to the purchase or sale of any loan or financial
instrument. The Director shall require each regulated entity to
establish and maintain procedures designed to discover any such
transactions.
‘‘(b) PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY FOR REPORTS.—Any regulated
entity that, in good faith, makes a report pursuant to subsection
(a), and any entity-affiliated party, that, in good faith, makes or
requires another to make any such report, shall not be liable
to any person under any provision of law or regulation, any consti-
tution, law, or regulation of any State or political subdivision of
any State, or under any contract or other legally enforceable agree-
ment (including any arbitration agreement) for such report or for
any failure to provide notice of such report to the person who
is the subject of such report or any other persons identified in
the report.’’.

SEC. 1116. INCLUSION OF MINORITIES AND WOMEN; DIVERSITY IN
AGENCY WORKFORCE.
Section 1319A of the Housing and Community Development
Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4520) is amended—
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘EQUAL OPPOR-
TUNITY IN SOLICITATION OF CONTRACTS’’ and inserting

122 STAT. 2682

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

‘‘MINORITY AND WOMEN INCLUSION; DIVERSITY REQUIRE-
MENTS’’;
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Each
enterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) OUTREACH.—Each regulated
entity’’; and
(3) by striking subsection (b);
(4) by inserting before subsection (c), as so redesignated
by paragraph (2) of this section, the following new subsections:
‘‘(a) OFFICE OF MINORITY AND WOMEN INCLUSION.—Each regu-
lated entity shall establish an Office of Minority and Women Inclu-
sion, or designate an office of the entity, that shall be responsible
for carrying out this section and all matters of the entity relating
to diversity in management, employment, and business activities
in accordance with such standards and requirements as the Director
shall establish.
‘‘(b) INCLUSION IN ALL LEVELS OF BUSINESS ACTIVITIES.—Each
regulated entity shall develop and implement standards and proce
dures to ensure, to the maximum extent possible, the inclusion
and utilization of minorities (as such term is defined in section
1204(c) of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforce-
ment Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1811 note)) and women, and minority-
and women-owned businesses (as such terms are defined in section
21A(r)(4) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a(r)(4))
(including financial institutions, investment banking firms, mort-
gage banking firms, asset management firms, broker-dealers, finan-
cial services firms, underwriters, accountants, investment
consultants, and providers of legal services) in all business and
activities of the regulated entity at all levels, including in procure-
ment, insurance, and all types of contracts, and to submit data
to the Director to measure the results of such efforts. Such contracts
for the issuance or guarantee of any debt, equity, or mortgage-
related securities, the management of its mortgage and securities
portfolios, the making of its equity investments, the purchase, sale
and servicing of single- and multi-family mortgage loans, and the
implementation of its affordable housing program and initiatives).
The processes established by each regulated entity for review and
evaluation for contract proposals and to hire service providers shall
include a component that gives consideration to the diversity of
the applicant.
‘‘(c) APPLICABILITY.—This section shall apply to all contracts
of a regulated entity for services of any kind, including services
that require the services of investment banking, asset management
entities, broker-dealers, financial services entities, underwriters,
accountants, investment consultants, and providers of legal services.
‘‘(d) INCLUSION IN ANNUAL REPORTS.—Each regulated entity
shall include, in the annual report submitted by the entity to
the Director pursuant to section 309(k) of the Federal National
Mortgage Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1723a(k)), section
307(e) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12
U.S.C. 1456(e)), and section 20 of the Federal Home Loan Bank
Act (12 U.S.C. 1440), as applicable, detailed information describing
the actions taken by the entity pursuant to this section, which
shall include a statement of the total amounts paid by the entity
to third party contractors since the last such report and the percent-
age of such amounts paid to businesses described in subsection
(b) of this section.’’; and
(5) by adding at the end the following new subsection: