122 STAT. 2698
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

               “(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall determine, for each
               year that the housing goals under this section are in effect
               pursuant to section 1331(a), whether each enterprise has com­
               plied with each such goal established under subsection (a)
               of this section and any additional requirements which may
               be established under subsection (c) of this section.
                      “(2) PURCHASE-MONEY MORTGAGE GOALS.—An enterprise
               shall be considered to be in compliance with a housing goal
               under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1) for
               a year only if, for the type of family described in such subpara­
               graph, the percentage of the number of conventional, con­
               forming, single-family, owner-occupied, purchase money mort­
               gages purchased by the enterprise in such year that serve
               such families, meets or exceeds the target for the year for
               such type of family that is established under subsection (e).
                      “(3) REFINANCE GOAL.—An enterprise shall be considered
               to be in compliance with the refinance goal under subsection
               (a)(2) for a year only if the percentage of the number of conven­
               tional, conforming, single-family, owner-occupied refinance
               mortgages purchased by the enterprise in such year that serve
               low-income families meets or exceeds the target for the year
                that is established under subsection (e).
                 “(e) ANNUAL TARGETS.—
                         “(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall, by regulation, estab­
               lish annual targets for each goal and subgoal under this section,
                provided that the Director shall not set such targets for a period
               longer than three years. In establishing such targets, the
               Director shall not consider segments of the market determined
               to be unacceptable or contrary to good lending practices, incon­
               sistent with safety and soundness, or unauthorized for purchase
               by the enterprises.
                      “(2) GOALS TARGETS.—
                                “(A) CALCULATION.—The Director shall calculate, for
               each of the types of families described in subsection (a),
               the percentage, for each of the three years that most
               recently precede such year and for which information under
                the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 is publicly avail­
               able—
                                      “(i) of the number of conventional, conforming,
                single-family, owner-occupied purchase money mort­
               gages originated in such year that serve such type
               of family, or
                                    “(ii)  the number of conventional, conforming,
                single-family, owner-occupied refinance mortgages
               originated in such year that serve low-income families,
               as applicable, as determined by the Director using the
               information obtained and determined pursuant to para­
               graphs (4) and (5).
                                “(B) ESTABLISHMENT OF GOAL TARGETS.—The Director
               shall, by regulation, establish targets for each of the goal
               categories, taking into consideration the calculations under
               subparagraph (A) and the following factors:
                                        “(i) National housing needs.
                                     “(ii) Economic, housing, and demographic condi­
               tions, including expected market developments. 
122 STAT. 2699
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

                          “(iii) The performance and effort of the enterprises
               toward achieving the housing goals under this section
               in previous years.
                          “(iv) The ability of the enterprise to lead the
               industry in making mortgage credit available.
                         “(v) Such other reliable mortgage data as may
               be available.
                          “(vi) The size of the purchase money conventional
               mortgage market, or refinance conventional mortgage
               market, as applicable, serving each of the types of
               families described in subsection (a), relative to the
               size of the overall purchase money mortgage market
               mortgage or the overall refinance market, respectively.
                          “(vii) The need to maintain the sound financial
               condition of the enterprises.
                “(3) AUTHORITY TO ADJUST TARGETS.—The Director may,
               by regulation, adjust the percentage targets previously estab­
               lished by regulation pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) for any year,
               to reflect subsequent available data and market developments.
                 “(4) HMDA INFORMATION.—The Director shall annually
               obtain information submitted in compliance with the Home
               Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 regarding conventional, con­
               forming, single-family, owner-occupied, purchase money and
               refinance mortgages originated and purchased for the previous
                year.
                 “(5) CONFORMING MORTGAGES.—In determining whether a
               mortgage is a conforming mortgage for purposes of this para­
               graph, the Director shall consider the original principal balance
               of the mortgage loan to be the principal balance as reported
               in the information referred to in paragraph (4), as rounded
               to the nearest thousand dollars.
                 “(f) NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND ENTERPRISE COMMENT.—
                         “(1) NOTICE.—Within 30 days of making a determination
               under subsection (d) regarding compliance of an enterprise
               for a year with a housing goal established under this section
               and before any public disclosure thereof, the Director shall
               provide notice of the determination to the enterprise, which
               shall include an analysis and comparison, by the Director,
               of the performance of the enterprise for the year and the
               targets for the year under subsection (e).
                        (2) COMMENT PERIOD.—The Director shall provide each
               enterprise an opportunity to comment on the determination
               during the 30-day period beginning upon receipt by the enter­
               prise of the notice.
                 “(g) USE OF BORROWER INCOME.—In monitoring the perform­
               ance of each enterprise pursuant to the housing goals under this
               section and evaluating such performance (for purposes of section
               1336), the Director shall consider mortgagor’s income to be such
                income at the time of origination of the mortgage.
                 “(h) CONSIDERATION OF PROPERTIES WITH RENTAL UNITS.—
               Mortgages financing two- to four-unit owner-occupied properties
               shall count toward the achievement of the single-family housing
               goals under this section, if such properties otherwise meet the
               requirements under this section, notwithstanding the use of one
               or more units for rental purposes.
                “(i) GOALS CREDIT.—The Director shall determine whether an
               enterprise shall receive full, partial, or no credit for a transaction
12 USC 4563.

122 STAT. 2700  
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
toward achievement of any of the housing goals established pursu­
ant to section 1332 and 1333. In making any such determination,
the Director shall consider whether a transaction or activity of
an enterprise is substantially equivalent to a mortgage purchase
and either (1) creates a new market, or (2) adds liquidity to an
existing market. No credit toward the achievement of the housing
goals and subgoals established under this section may be given
to the purchase of mortgages, including any transaction or activity
of an enterprise determined to be substantially equivalent to a
mortgage purchase, that is determined to be unacceptable or con­
trary to good lending practices, inconsistent with safety and sound­
ness, or unauthorized for purchase by the enterprises, pursuant
to regulations issued by the Director.
“SEC. 1333. MULTIFAMILY SPECIAL AFFORDABLE HOUSING GOAL.
               “(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF GOAL.—
                         “(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall, by regulation, estab­
               lish a single annual goal, by either unit or dollar volume
               of purchases by each enterprise of mortgages on multifamily
               housing that finance dwelling units affordable to low-income
               families.
                         “(2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR UNITS AFFORDABLE TO
               VERY LOW-INCOME FAMILIES.—When establishing the goal under
               this section, the Director shall establish additional require­
               ments for the purchase by each enterprise of mortgages on
               multifamily housing that finance dwelling units affordable to
               very low-income families.
                         “(3) REPORTING ON SMALLER PROPERTIES.—The Director
               shall require each enterprise to report on the purchase by
               each enterprise of multifamily housing of a smaller or limited
               size that is affordable to low-income families, which may be
               based on multifamily projects of 5 to 50 units (as such numbers
               may be adjusted by the Director) or on mortgages of up to
               $5,000,000 (as such amount may be adjusted by the Director),
               and may, by regulation, establish such additional requirements
               related to such units.
                         “(4) FACTORS.—In establishing the goal and additional
               requirements under this section, the Director shall not consider
               segments of the market determined to be inconsistent with
               safety and soundness or unauthorized for purchase by the
               enterprises, and shall take into consideration—
                                      “(A) national multifamily mortgage credit needs and
               the ability of the enterprise to provide additional liquidity
               and stability for the multifamily mortgage market;
                                       “(B) the performance and effort of the enterprise in
               making mortgage credit available for multifamily housing
               in previous years;
                                      “(C) the size of the multifamily mortgage market for
               housing affordable to low-income and very low-income fami­
               lies, including the size of the multifamily markets for
               housing of a smaller or limited size;
                                     “(D) the ability of the enterprise to lead the market
               in making multifamily mortgage credit available, especially
               for multifamily housing described in paragraphs (1) and
               (2);
                                  “(E) the availability of public subsidies; and
122 STAT. 2701  
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

                                 “(F) the need to maintain the sound financial condition
               of the enterprise.
               “(b) UNITS FINANCED BY HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY BONDS.—
               The Director shall give full credit toward the achievement of the
               multifamily special affordable housing goal under this section (for
               purposes of section 1336) to dwelling units in multifamily housing
               that otherwise qualifies under such goal and that is financed by
               tax-exempt or taxable bonds issued by a State or local housing
               finance agency, if such bonds, in whole or in part—
                                “(1) are secured by a guarantee of the enterprise; or
                                “(2) are purchased by the enterprise, except that the
               Director may give less than full credit for purchases of invest­
               ment grade bonds, to the extent that such purchases do not
               provide a new market or add liquidity to an existing market.
               “(c) MEASUREMENT OF PERFORMANCE.—The Director shall moni­
               tor the performance of each enterprise in meeting the goals estab­
               lished under this section and shall evaluate such performance
               (for purposes of section 1336) based on whether the rent levels are
               affordable. A rent level shall be considered to be affordable for
               purposes of this subsection for low-income families if it does not
               exceed 30 percent of the maximum income level of such income
               category, with appropriate adjustments for unit size as measured
               by the number of bedrooms.
               “(d) DETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE.—The Director shall deter­
               mine, for each year that the housing goal under this section is
               in effect pursuant to section 1331(a), whether each enterprise has
               complied with such goal and the additional requirements under
               subsection (a)(2).
“SEC. 1334. DISCRETIONARY ADJUSTMENT OF HOUSING GOALS.
             “(a) AUTHORITY.—An enterprise may petition the Director in
               writing at any time during a year to reduce the level of any
               goal or subgoal for such year established pursuant to this subpart.
             “(b) STANDARD FOR REDUCTION.—The Director may reduce the
               level for a goal or subgoal pursuant to such a petition only if—
                                (1) market and economic conditions or the financial con­
               dition of the enterprise require such action; or
                               (2) efforts to meet the goal or subgoal would result in
               the constraint of liquidity, over-investment in certain market
               segments, or other consequences contrary to the intent of this
               subpart, or section 301(3) of the Federal National Mortgage
               Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1716(3)) or section 301(b)(3)
               the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C.
               1451 note), as applicable.
             “(c) DETERMINATION.—The Director shall, promptly upon receipt
               of a petition regarding a reduction, seek public comment on the
               reduction for a period of 30 days. The Director shall make a deter­
               mination regarding any proposed reduction within 30 days after
               the expiration of such public comment period. The Director may
               extend such determination period for a single additional 15-day
               period, but only if the Director requests additional information
               from the enterprise. ‘’
      (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—The Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992 is amended—
               (1) in section 1355(a) (12 U.S.C. 4565(a)), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking “low- and moderate-income

122 STAT. 2702 
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
housing goal’’ and all that follows through “section 1334’’ and
inserting “housing goals established under this subpart’’; and
              (2) in section 1336(a)(1) (12 U.S.C. 4566(a)(1)), by striking
  “sections 1332, 1333, and 1334,’’ and inserting “this subpart”.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—Section 1303 of the Federal Housing Enter­
prises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4502)
is amended—
              (1) by striking paragraph (24), as so designated by section
  1002 of this Act, and inserting the following:
              “(24) VERY LOW-INCOME.—
                          “(A) IN GENERAL.—The term `very low-income’ means—
                                      “(i) in the case of owner-occupied units, families
  having incomes not greater than 50 percent of the area
  median income; and
                                     “(ii) in the case of rental units, families having
  incomes not greater than 50 percent of the area median
  income, with adjustments for smaller and larger fami­
  lies, as determined by the Director.
                           “(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—For purposes of sections
  1338 and 1339, the term `very low-income’ means—
                                     “(i) in the case of owner-occupied units, income
in excess of 30 percent but not greater than 50 percent
of the area median income; and
                                      “(ii) in the case of rental units, income in excess
of 30 percent but not greater than 50 percent of the
area median income, with adjustments for smaller and
 larger families, as determined by the Director.’’;
              (2) by adding at the end the following:
               “(26) CONFORMING MORTGAGE.—The term “conforming mort­
 gage” means, with respect to an enterprise, a conventional
 mortgage having an original principal obligation that does not
 exceed the dollar amount limitation in effect at the time of
 such origination and applicable to such mortgage, under, as
  applicable—
                                       “(A) section 302(b)(2) of the Federal National Mortgage
  Association Charter Act; or
                                      “(B) section 305(a)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Mort­
  gage Corporation Act.
              “(27) EXTREMELY LOW-INCOME.—The term ‘extremely low-
  income’ means—
                                “(A) in the case of owner-occupied units, income not
in excess of 30 percent of the area median income; and
                                 “(B) in the case of rental units, income not in excess
of 30 percent of the area median income, with adjustments
for smaller and larger families, as determined by the
Director.
              “(28) LOW-INCOME AREA.—The term ‘low-income area’
means a census tract or block numbering area in which the
median income does not exceed 80 percent of the area median
income for the area in which such census tract or block numbering
area is located, and, for the purposes of section 1332(a)(1)(B),
shall include families having incomes not greater than 80
percent of the area median income who reside in minority
census tracts and shall include families having incomes not
greater than 100 percent of the area median income who reside
in designated disaster areas.