122 STAT. 2838       PUBLIC LAW 110-289-JULY 30, 2008

               (2) in paragraph (5), by inserting "a [first or subordinate] lien on" before "all stock".
              )c) LIMITATION ON ORIGINATION FEES.-Section 255 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z-20), as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:

                "(r) LIMITATION ON ORIGINATION FEES.-The Secretary shall establish limits on the origination fee that may be charged to a mortgagor under a mortgage insured under this section, which limitations shall-

                    "(1) be equal to 2.0 percent of the maximum claim amount of the mortgage, up to a maximum claim amount of $200,000 plus 1 percent of any portion of the maximum claim amount that is greater than $200,000, unless adjusted thereafter on the basis of an analysis of-
                        "(A) the cost to mortgagors; and
                        (B) the impact on the reverse mortgage market;
                        "(2) be subject to a minimum of allowable amount;
                        "(3) provide that the origination fee may be fully financed with the mortgage;
                        "(4) include any fee paid to correspondent mortgagers approved by the Secretary;
                        "(5) have the same effective date as subsection (m)(2) regarding the limitation on principal obligation; and
                        "(6) be subject to a maximum origination fee of $6,000, except that such maximum limit shall be adjusted in accordance with the annual percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Department of Labor in increments of $500 only when the percentage increase in such index, when applied to the maximum origination fee, produces dollar increases that exceed $500.".

              )d) STUDY REGARDING PROGRAM COSTS AND CREDIT AVAILABILITY.-

                 (1) IN GENERAL.-The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study regarding the costs and availability of credit under the home equity conversion mortgages for elderly homeowners program under section 255 of the National Housing Act (12 U .S.C. 1715z-20) (in this subsection referred to as the "program").

                 (2) PURPOSE.-The purpose of the study required under paragraph (1) is to help Congress analyze and determine the effects of limiting the amounts of the costs or fees under the program from the amounts charged under the program as of the date of the enactment of this title.

                 (3) CONTENT OF REPORT.-The study required under paragraph (1) should focus on-

                       (A) the cost to mortgagors of participated in the program;
                       (B) the financial soundness of the program;
                       (C) the availability of credit under the program; and
                       (D) the costs to elderly homeowners participating in the program, including-
                                (i) mortgage insurance premiums charged under the program;
                                (ii) up-front fees charged under the program; and
                                (iii) margin rates charged under the program.

122 STAT. 2839       PUBLIC LAW 110-289-JULY 30, 2008

                 (4) TIMING OF REPORT.-Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this title, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee of Financial Services of the House of Representatives setting forth the results and conclusions of the study required under paragraph (1) .

SEC. 2123. ENERGY EFFICIENT MORTGAGES PROGRAM.

Section 106(a)(2) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 12712 note) is amended-
                 (1) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows:
                                "(C) COST OF IMPROVEMENTS.-The cost of cost-effective energy efficiency improvements shall not exceed the greater of-
                                      "(i) 5 percent of the property value (not to exceed 5 percent of the limit established under section 203(b)(2)(A) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1709(b)(2)(A)); or
                                      "(ii) 2 percent of the limit established under section 203(b)(2)(B) of such Act."; and
                 (2) by adding at the end the following:
                                "(D) LIMITATION.-In any fiscal year, the aggregate number of mortgages insured pursuant to this section may not exceed 5 percent of the aggregate number of mortgages for 1- to 4-family residences insured by the Secretary of Housing and Development under title II of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1707 et seq.) during the preceding fiscal year.".

SEC. 2124. PILOT PROGRAM FOR AUTOMATED PROCESS FOR BORROWERS WITHOUT SUFFICIENT CREDIT HISTORY.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT.-Title II of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1707 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
        "SEC. 257. PILOT PROGRAM FOR AUTOMATED PROCESS FOR BORROWERS WITHOUT SUFFICIENT CREDIT HISTORY.

                "(a) ESTABLISHMENT.-The Secretary shall carry out a pilot program to establish, and make available to mortgagees, an automated process for providing alternative credit rating information for mortgages and prospective mortgagors under mortgages on 1- to 4-family residences to be insured under this title who have insufficient credit histories for determined their creditworthiness. Such alternative credit rating information may include rent, utilities, and insurance payment histories, and such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate.
                "(b) SCOPE.-The Secretary may carry out the pilot program under this section on a limited basis or scope, and may consider limiting the program to first-time homebuyers.
                "(c) LIMITATION.-In any fiscal year, the aggregate number of mortgages insured pursuant to the automated process established under this section may not exceed 5 percent of the aggregate number of mortgages for 1- to 4-family residences insured by the Secretary under this title during the preceding fiscal year.
                "(d) SUNSET.-After the expiration of the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Building American Homeownership Act of 2008, the Secretary may not enter into

122 STAT. 2840       PUBLIC LAW 110-289-JULY 30, 2008

                any new commitment to insure any mortgage, or newly insure any mortgage, pursuant to the automated process established under this section.".

                (b) GAO REPORT.-Not later than the expiration of the two-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this subtitle, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit the Congress a report identifying the number of the additional mortgagors served using the automated process established pursuant to section 257 of the National Housing Act (as added by the amendment made by subsection (a) of this section) and the effect of such process and the insurance of mortgages pursuant to such process on the safety and soundness of the insurance funds under the National Housing Act of which such mortgages are obligations.

 12 USC 1710       SEC. 2125. HOMEOWNERSHIP PRESERVATION.
 note 
       The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Commissioner of the Federal Housing Administration, in consultation industry, the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, other entities involved in foreclosure prevention activities, shall-
               (1) develop and implement a plan to improve the Federal Housing Administration's loan mitigation process; and
               (2) report such plan to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives

SEC. 2126. USE OF FHA SAVINGS FOR IMPROVEMENTS IN FHA TECHNOLOGIES, PROCEDURES, PROCESSES, PROGRAM PERFORMANCE, AND SALARIES.

               (a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-There is authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2013, $25,000,000, from negative credit subsidy for mortgage insurance programs under title II of the National Housing Act, to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for increasing funding for the purpose of improving technology, processes, program performance, eliminating fraud, and for proving appropriate staffing in connection with the insurance programs under title II of the National Housing Act.
               (b) CERTIFICATION.-The authorization under subsection (a) shall not be effective for the fiscal year unless the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development has, by rulemaking in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code (notwithstanding subsections (a)(2), (b)(B), and (d)(3) of such section), made a determination that-
                              (1) premiums being, or to be, charged during such fiscal year for mortgage insurance under title II of the National Housing Act are established at the minimum amount sufficient to-
                                      (A) comply with the requirements of section 205(f) of such Act (relating to required capital ratio for the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund); and
                                      (B) ensure the safety and soundness of the other mortgage insurance funds under such Act; and
                              (2) any negative credit subsidy for such fiscal year resulting from such mortgage insurance programs adequately ensures the efficient delivery and availability of such programs.
               (c) STUDY AND REPORT.-The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall conduct a study to obtain recommendations from

122 STAT. 2841       PUBLIC LAW 110-289-JULY 30, 2008

participants in the private residential (both single family and multi-family) mortgage lending business and the secondary market for such mortgage on how best to update and upgrade processes and technologies for the mortgage insurance programs under title II of the National Housing Act so that the procedures for originating, insuring, and servicing of such mortgages conform with those customarily used by secondary market purchasers of residential mortgage loans. Not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress describing the progress made and to be made towards updating and upgrading such processes and technology, and providing appropriate staffing for such mortgage insurance programs.

                SEC. 2127. POST-PURCHASE HOUSING COUNSELING ELIGIBILITY 
                IMPROVEMENTS
                Section 106(c)(4) of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x(C)(4)) is amended:
                (1) in subparagraph (C)-
                       (A) in clause (i), by striking "; or" and inserting a semicolon;
                       (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and
                       (C) by adding at the end of the following:
                              "(iii) a significant reduction in the income of the household due to divorce or death; or
                              "(iv) a significant increase in basic expenses of the homeowner or an immediate family member of the homeowner (including the spouse, child, or parent for whom the homeowner provides substantial care or financial assistance) due to-
                                      "(I) an unexpected or significant increase in medical expenses;
                                      "(II) a divorce;
                                      "(III) unexpected and significant damage to the property, the repair of which will not be covered by private or public insurance; or
                                      "(IV) a large property-tax increase; or"; and
                (2) by striking the matter that follows subparagraph (C); 
                (3) by adding at the end of the following:
                        "(D) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines that the annual income of the homeowner is no greater than the annual income established by the Secretary as being of low- or moderate-income.".

                SEC. 2128. PRE-PURCHASE HOMEOWNERSHIP COUNSELING DEMONSTRATION.

                 (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM.-For the period beginning on the date of enactment of this title and ending on the date that is 3 years after such date of enactment, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall establish and conduct a demonstration program to test the effectiveness of alternative forms of pre-purchase homeownership counseling for eligible homebuyers.
                 (b) FORMS OF COUNSELING.-The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall provide to eligible homebuyers pre-purchase homeownership counseling under this section in the form of-

                 12 USC 1701x
                 note.

122 STAT. 2842       PUBLIC LAW 110-289-JULY 30, 2008

                          (1) telephone counseling;
                          (2) individualized in-person counseling;
                          (3) web-based counseling;
                          (4) counseling classes; or
                          (5) any other form or type of counseling that the Secretary may, in his discretion, determine appropriate.

 
                (c) SIZE OF PROGRAM.-The Secretary shall make available the pre-purchase homeownership counseling described in subsection (b) to not more than 3,000 eligible homebuyers in any given year.
                (d)INCENTIVE TO PARTICIPATE.-The Secretary may provide incentives to eligible homebuyers to participate in the demonstration program established under subsection (a). Such incentives may include the reduction of any insurance premium charges owed by the eligible homebuyer to the Secretary.
                (e) ELIGIBLE HOMEBUYER DEFINED.-For purposes of the subsection, the term "eligible homebuyer" means a first-time homebuyer who has been approved for a home loan with a loan-to-value ratio between 97 percent and 98.5 percent.
                (f) REPORT TO CONGRESS.-The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives-
                         (1) on an annual basis, on the progress and results of the demonstration program established under subsection (a); and
                         (2) for the period beginning on the date of enactment of this title and on the date that is 5 years after such date of enactment, on the payment history and delinquency rates of eligible homebuyers who participated in the demonstration program.

                SEC. 2129. FRAUD PREVENTION.

                Section 1014 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence-
                          (1) by inserting "the Federal Housing Administration," before "the Farm Credit Administration"; and
                          (2) by striking "commitment, or loan" and inserting "commitment, loan, or insurance agreement or application for insurance or a guarantee".

                12 USC 1709       SEC. 2130. LIMITATION ON MORTGAGE INSURANCE PREMIUM
                note                      INCREASES.
                (a) IN GENERAL.-Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including any provision of this title and any amendment made by this title-
                          (1) for the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this title and ending on October 1, 2009, the premiums charged for mortgage insurance under multifamily housing programs under the National Housing Act may not be increased above the premium amounts in effect under such program on October 1, 2006, unless the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines that, absent such increases, issuance of additional mortgages under such program would, under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, require the appropriation of new budget authority to cover the costs (as such term is defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a) of such insurance; and