PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2843

(2) a premium increase pursuant to paragraph (1) may
be made only if not less than 30 days prior to such increase
taking effect, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-
ment—
(A) notifies the Committee on Banking, Housing, and
Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Finan-
cial Services of the House of Representatives of such
increase; and
(B) publishes notice of such increase in the Federal
Register.
(b) WAIVER.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
may waive the 30-day notice requirement under subsection (a)(2),
if the Secretary determines that waiting 30-days before increasing
premiums would cause substantial damage to the solvency of multi-
family housing programs under the National Housing Act.
SEC. 2131. SAVINGS PROVISION.
Any mortgage insured under title II of the National Housing
Act before the date of enactment of this subtitle shall continue
to be governed by the laws, regulations, orders, and terms and
conditions to which it was subject on the day before the date
of the enactment of this subtitle.
SEC. 2132. IMPLEMENTATION.
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall by
notice establish any additional requirements that may be necessary
to immediately carry out the provisions of this subtitle. The notice
shall take effect upon issuance.
SEC. 2133. MORATORIUM ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RISK-BASED PRE-
MIUMS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—During the 12-month period beginning on
October 1, 2008, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
shall not take any action to implement or carry out risk-based
premiums, which are designed for mortgage lenders to offer bor-
rowers an FHA-insured product that provides a range of mortgage
insurance premium pricing, based on the risk that the insurance
contract represents, as such planned implementation was set forth
in the Notice published in the Federal Register on May 13, 2008
(Vol. 73, No. 93, Pages 27703 through 27711) (effective July 14,
2008).
(b) INSURANCE OF MORTGAGES UNDER THE NATIONAL HOUSING
ACT.—During the 12-month period beginning on October 1, 2008,
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall not take
any action to implement or carry out any other risk-based premium
product related to the insurance of any mortgage on a single family
residence under title II of the National Housing Act, where the
premium price for such new product is based in whole or in part
on a borrower’s Decision Credit Score, as that term is defined
in the Notice described under subsection (a), or any successor
thereto.

122 STAT. 2844

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

Subtitle B—Manufactured Housing Loan
Modernization

SEC. 2141. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘FHA Manufactured Housing
Loan Modernization Act of 2008’’.
SEC. 2142. PURPOSES.
The purposes of this subtitle are—
(1) to provide adequate funding for FHA-insured manufac-
tured housing loans for low- and moderate-income homebuyers
during all economic cycles in the manufactured housing
industry;
(2) to modernize the FHA title I insurance program for
manufactured housing loans to enhance participation by Ginnie
Mae and the private lending markets; and
(3) to adjust the low loan limits for title I manufactured
home loan insurance to reflect the increase in costs since such
limits were last increased in 1992 and to index the limits
to inflation.
SEC. 2143. EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION ON FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
PORTFOLIO.
The second sentence of section 2(a) of the National Housing
Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(a)) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘In no case’’ and inserting ‘‘Other than
in connection with a manufactured home or a lot on which
to place such a home (or both), in no case’’; and
(2) by striking ‘‘: Provided, That with’’ and inserting ‘‘.
With’’.
SEC. 2144. INSURANCE BENEFITS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (b) of section 2 of the National
Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(b)), is amended by adding at the
end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(8) INSURANCE BENEFITS FOR MANUFACTURED HOUSING
LOANS.—Any contract of insurance with respect to loans,
advances of credit, or purchases in connection with a manufac-
tured home or a lot on which to place a manufactured home
(or both) for a financial institution that is executed under
this title after the date of the enactment of the FHA Manufac-
tured Housing Loan Modernization Act of 2008 by the Secretary
shall be conclusive evidence of the eligibility of such financial
institution for insurance, and the validity of any contract of
insurance so executed shall be incontestable in the hands of
the bearer from the date of the execution of such contract,
except for fraud or misrepresentation on the part of such
institution.’’.
(b) APPLICABILITY.—The amendment made by subsection (a)
shall only apply to loans that are registered or endorsed for insur-
ance after the date of the enactment of this title.
SEC. 2145. MAXIMUM LOAN LIMITS.
(a) DOLLAR AMOUNTS.—Paragraph (1) of section 2(b) of the
National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(b)(1)) is amended—
(1) in clause (ii) of subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$17,500’’
and inserting ‘‘$25,090’’;

122 STAT. 2845

(2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘$48,600’’ and inserting
‘‘$69,678’’;
(3) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘$64,800’’ and inserting
‘‘$92,904’’;
(4) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘$16,200’’ and inserting
‘‘$23,226’’; and
(5) by realigning subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E 2 ems
to the left so that the left margins of such subparagraphs
are aligned with the margins of subparagraphs (A) and (B).
(b) ANNUAL INDEXING.—Subsection (b) of section 2 of the
National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(b)), as amended by the pre-
ceding provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at
the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(9) ANNUAL INDEXING OF MANUFACTURED HOUSING
LOANS.—The Secretary shall develop a method of indexing in
order to annually adjust the loan limits established in subpara-
graphs (A)(ii), (C), (D), and (E) of this subsection. Such index
shall be based on the manufactured housing price data collected
by the United States Census Bureau. The Secretary shall estab-
lish such index no later than 1 year after the date of the
enactment of the FHA Manufactured Housing Loan Moderniza-
tion Act of 2008.’’.
(c) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING CHANGES.—Paragraph (1) of
section 2(b) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(b)(1))
is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘No’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided
in the last sentence of this paragraph, no’’; and
(2) by adding after and below subparagraph (G) the fol-
lowing:
‘‘The Secretary shall, by regulation, annually increase the dollar
amount limitations in subparagraphs (A)(ii), (C), (D), and (E) (as
such limitations may have been previously adjusted under this
sentence) in accordance with the index established pursuant to
paragraph (9).’’.
SEC. 2146. INSURANCE PREMIUMS.
Subsection (f) of section 2 of the National Housing Act (12
U.S.C. 1703(f)) is amended—
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1) PREMIUM CHARGES.—’’ after ‘‘(f)’’; and
(2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(2) MANUFACTURED HOME LOANS.—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), in the case of a loan, advance of credit, or purchase
in connection with a manufactured home or a lot on which to
place such a home (or both), the premium charge for the insurance
granted under this section shall be paid by the borrower under
the loan or advance of credit, as follows:
‘‘(A) At the time of the making of the loan, advance of
credit, or purchase, a single premium payment in an amount
not to exceed 2.25 percent of the amount of the original insured
principal obligation.
‘‘(B) In addition to the premium under subparagraph (A),
annual premium payments during the term of the loan,
advance, or obligation purchased in an amount not exceeding
1.0 percent of the remaining insured principal balance
(excluding the portion of the remaining balance attributable
to the premium collected under subparagraph (A) and without
taking into account delinquent payments or prepayments).

122 STAT. 2846

‘‘(C) Premium charges under this paragraph shall be estab-
lished in amounts that are sufficient, but do not exceed the
minimum amounts necessary, to maintain a negative credit
subsidy for the program under this section for insurance of
loans, advances of credit, or purchases in connection with a
manufactured home or a lot on which to place a home
(or both), as determined based upon risk to the Federal Govern-
ment under existing underwriting requirements.
‘‘(D) The Secretary may increase the limitations on pre-
mium payments to percentages above those set forth in sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B), but only if necessary, and not in
excess of the minimum increase necessary, to maintain a nega-
tive credit subsidy as described in subparagraph (C).’’.
SEC. 2147. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS.
(a) DATES.—Subsection (a) of section 2 of the National Housing
Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(a)) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘on and after July 1, 1939,’’ each place
such term appears; and
(2) by striking ‘‘made after the effective date of the Housing
Act of 1954’’.
(b) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY.—Subsection (c) of section 2 of
the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(c)) is amended to read
as follows:
‘‘(c) HANDLING AND DISPOSAL OF PROPERTY.—
‘‘(1) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY.—Notwithstanding any other
provision of law, the Secretary may—
‘‘(A) deal with, complete, rent, renovate, modernize,
insure, or assign or sell at public or private sale, or other-
wise dispose of, for cash or credit in the Secretary’s discre-
tion, and upon such terms and conditions and for such
consideration as the Secretary shall deem to be reasonable,
any real or personal property conveyed to or otherwise
acquired by the Secretary, in connection with the payment
of insurance herebefore or hereafter granted under this
title, including any evidence of debt, contract, claim, per-
sonal property, or security assigned to or held by the Secretary
in connection with the payment of insurance herebefore
or hereafter granted under this section; and
‘‘(B) pursue to final collection, by way of compromise
or otherwise, all claims assigned to or held by the Secretary
in connection with the payment of such insurance,
including unpaid insurance premiums owed in connection
with insurance made available by this title.
‘‘(2) ADVERTISEMENTS FOR PROPOSALS.—Section 3709 of the
Revised Statutes shall not be construed to apply to any contract
of hazard insurance or to any purchase or contract for services
or supplies on account of such property if the amount thereof
does not exceed $25,000.
‘‘(3) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY.—The power to convey and
to execute in the name of the Secretary, deeds of conveyance,
deeds of release, assignments and satisfactions of mortgages,
and any other written instrument relating to real or personal
property or any interest therein heretofore or hereafter acquired
by the Secretary pursuant to the provisions of this title may
be exercised by an officer appointed by the Secretary without

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

the execution of any express delegation of power or power
of attorney. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to
prevent the Secretary from delegating such power by order
or by power of attorney, in the Secretary’s discretion, to any
officer or agent the Secretary may appoint.’’.
SEC. 2148. REVISION OF UNDERWRITING CRITERIA.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (b) of section 2 of the National
Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(b)), as amended by the preceding
provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at the end
the following new paragraph:
‘‘(10) FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF MANUFACTURED HOUSING
PROGRAM.—The Secretary shall establish such underwriting cri-
teria for loans and advances of credit in connection with a
manufactured home or a lot on which to place a manufactured
home (or both), including such loans and advances represented
by obligations purchased by financial institutions, as may be
necessary to ensure that the program under this title for insur-
ance of loans, advances of credit, and purchases is financially
sound.’’.
(b) TIMING.—Not later than the expiration of the 6-month period
beginning on the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary
of Housing and Urban Development shall revise the existing under-
writing criteria for the program referred to in paragraph (10) of
section 2(b) of the National Housing Act (as added by subsection
(a) of this section) in accordance with the requirements of such
paragraph.
SEC. 2149. PROHIBITION AGAINST KICKBACKS AND UNEARNED FEES.
Title I of the National Housing Act is amended by adding
at the end of section 9 the following new section:
‘‘SEC. 10. PROHIBITION AGAINST KICKBACKS AND UNEARNED FEES.
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsection (b), the
provisions of sections 3, 8, 16, 17, 18, and 19 of the Real Estate
Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) shall
apply to any loan or extension of credit made to finance the pur-
chase of a manufactured home financed with an FHA-
insured loan or extension of credit, as well as to services rendered
in connection with such transactions.
‘‘(b) AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY.—The Secretary is author-
ized to determine the manner and extent to which the provisions
of sections 3, 8, 16, 17, 18, and 19 of the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) may reasonably
be applied to the transactions described in subsection (a), and
to grant such exemptions as may be necessary to achieve the
purposes of this section.
‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section—
‘‘(1) the term ‘federally related mortgage loan’ as used
in sections 3, 8, 16, 17, 18, and 19 of the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) shall include
an FHA-insured loan or extension of credit made to a borrower
for the purpose of purchasing a manufactured home that the
borrower intends to occupy as a personal residence; and
‘‘(2) the term ‘real estate settlement service’ as used in
sections 3, 8, 16, 17, 18, and 19 of the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) shall include
any service rendered in connection with a loan or extension