PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008 122 STAT. 2763


“(E) BYLAWS.—The board of directors of a limited-life regulated entity shall adopt such bylaws as may be approved by the Agency.
“(3) CAPITAL STOCK.—
“(A) NO AGENCY REQUIREMENT.—The Agency is not required to pay capital stock into a limited-life regulated entity or to issue any capital stock on behalf of a limited-life regulated entity established under this subsection.
“(B) AUTHORITY.—If the Director determines that such action is advisable, the Agency may cause capital stock or other securities of a limited-life regulated entity established with respect to an enterprise to be issued and offered for sale, in such amounts and on such terms and conditions as the Director may determine, in the discretion of the Director.
“(4) INVESTMENTS.—Funds of a limited-life regulated entity shall be kept on hand in cash, invested in obligations of the United States or obligations guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United States, or deposited with the Agency, or any Federal reserve bank.
“(5) EXEMPT TAX STATUS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal or State law, a limited-life regulated entity, its franchise, property, and income shall be exempt from all taxation now or hereafter imposed by the United States, by any territory, dependency, or possession thereof, or by any State, county, municipality, or local taxing authority.
“(6) WINDING UP.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), not later than 2 years after the date of its organization, the Agency shall wind up the affairs of a limited-life regulated entity.
Deadline.
“(B) EXTENSION.—The Director may, in the discretion of the Director, extend the status of a limited-life regulated entity for 3 additional 1-year periods.
“(C) TERMINATION OF STATUS AS LIMITED-LIFE REGULATED ENTITY.—
“(i) IN GENERAL.—Upon the sale by the Agency of 80 percent or more of the capital stock of a limitedlife regulated entity, as defined in clause (iv), to 1 or more persons (other than the Agency)—
“(I) the status of the limited-life regulated entity as such shall terminate; and
“(II) the entity shall cease to be a limitedlife regulated entity for purposes of this subsection.
“(ii) DIVESTITURE OF REMAINING STOCK, IF ANY.—
“(I) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the status of a limited-life regulated entity is terminated pursuant to clause (i), the Agency shall sell to 1 or more persons (other than the Agency) any remaining capital stock of the former limited-life regulated entity.
Deadline.
“(II) EXTENSION AUTHORIZED.—The Director may extend the period referred to in subclause (I) for not longer than an additional 2 years, if the Director determines that such action would be in the public interest.


122 STAT. 2764

PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008


“(iii) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Notwithstanding any provision of law, other than clause (ii), the Agency shall not be required to sell the capital stock of an enterprise or a limited-life regulated entity established with respect to an enterprise.
“(iv) APPLICABILITY.—This subparagraph applies only with respect to a limited-life regulated entity that is established with respect to an enterprise.
“(7) TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—
“(i) TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES.—The Agency, as receiver, may transfer any assets and liabilities of a regulated entity in default, or in danger of default, to the limited-life regulated entity in accordance with and subject to the restrictions of paragraph (1).
“(ii) SUBSEQUENT TRANSFERS.—At any time after the establishment of a limited-life regulated entity, the Agency, as receiver, may transfer any assets and liabilities of the regulated entity in default, or in danger of default, as the Agency may, in its discretion, determine to be appropriate in accordance with and subject to the restrictions of paragraph (1).
“(iii) EFFECTIVE WITHOUT APPROVAL.—The transfer of any assets or liabilities of a regulated entity in default or in danger of default to a limited-life regulated entity shall be effective without any further approval under Federal or State law, assignment, or consent with respect thereto.
“(iv) EQUITABLE TREATMENT OF SIMILARLY SITUATED CREDITORS.—The Agency shall treat all creditors of a regulated entity in default or in danger of default that are similarly situated under subsection (c)(1) in a similar manner in exercising the authority of the Agency under this subsection to transfer any assets or liabilities of the regulated entity to the limitedlife regulated entity established with respect to such regulated entity, except that the Agency may take actions (including making payments) that do not comply with this clause, if—
“(I) the Director determines that such actions are necessary to maximize the value of the assets of the regulated entity, to maximize the present value return from the sale or other disposition of the assets of the regulated entity, or to minimize the amount of any loss realized upon the sale or other disposition of the assets of the regulated entity; and
“(II) all creditors that are similarly situated under subsection (c)(1) receive not less than the amount provided in subsection (c)(2).
“(v) LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF LIABILITIES.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the aggregate amount of liabilities of a regulated entity that are transferred to, or assumed by, a limited-life regulated entity may not exceed the aggregate amount of assets


122 STAT. 2765

PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008


of the regulated entity that are transferred to, or purchased by, the limited-life regulated entity.
“(8) REGULATIONS.—The Agency may promulgate such regulations as the Agency determines to be necessary or appropriate to implement this subsection.
“(9) POWERS OF LIMITED-LIFE REGULATED ENTITIES.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Each limited-life regulated entity created under this subsection shall have all corporate powers of, and be subject to the same provisions of law as, the regulated entity in default or in danger of default to which it relates, except that—
“(i) the Agency may—
“(I) remove the directors of a limited-life regulated entity;
“(II) fix the compensation of members of the board of directors and senior management, as determined by the Agency in its discretion, of a limited-life regulated entity; and
“(III) indemnify the representatives for purposes of paragraph (1)(B), and the directors, officers, employees, and agents of a limited-life regulated entity on such terms as the Agency determines to be appropriate; and
“(ii) the board of directors of a limited-life regulated entity—
“(I) shall elect a chairperson who may also serve in the position of chief executive officer, except that such person shall not serve either as chairperson or as chief executive officer without the prior approval of the Agency; and
“(II) may appoint a chief executive officer who is not also the chairperson, except that such person shall not serve as chief executive officer without the prior approval of the Agency.
“(B) STAY OF JUDICIAL ACTION.—Any judicial action to which a limited-life regulated entity becomes a party by virtue of its acquisition of any assets or assumption of any liabilities of a regulated entity in default shall be stayed from further proceedings for a period of not longer than 45 days, at the request of the limited-life regulated entity. Such period may be modified upon the consent of all parties.
“(10) NO FEDERAL STATUS.—
“(A) AGENCY STATUS.—A limited-life regulated entity is not an agency, establishment, or instrumentality of the United States.
“(B) EMPLOYEE STATUS.—Representatives for purposes of paragraph (1)(B), interim directors, directors, officers, employees, or agents of a limited-life regulated entity are not, solely by virtue of service in any such capacity, officers or employees of the United States. Any employee of the Agency or of any Federal instrumentality who serves at the request of the Agency as a representative for purposes of paragraph (1)(B), interim director, director, officer, employee, or agent of a limited-life regulated entity shall not—


122 STAT. 2766

PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008


“(i) solely by virtue of service in any such capacity lose any existing status as an officer or employee of the United States for purposes of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law;
“(ii) receive any salary or benefits for service in any such capacity with respect to a limited-life regulated entity in addition to such salary or benefits as are obtained through employment with the Agency or such Federal instrumentality.
“(11) AUTHORITY TO OBTAIN CREDIT.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—A limited-life regulated entity may obtain unsecured credit and issue unsecured debt.
“(B) INABILITY TO OBTAIN CREDIT.—If a limited-life regulated entity is unable to obtain unsecured credit or issue unsecured debt, the Director may authorize the obtaining of credit or the issuance of debt by the limitedlife regulated entity—
“(i) with priority over any or all of the obligations of the limited-life regulated entity;
“(ii) secured by a lien on property of the limitedlife regulated entity that is not otherwise subject to a lien; or
“(iii) secured by a junior lien on property of the limited-life regulated entity that is subject to a lien.
“(C) LIMITATIONS.—
“(i) IN GENERAL.—The Director, after notice and a hearing, may authorize the obtaining of credit or the issuance of debt by a limited-life regulated entity that is secured by a senior or equal lien on property of the limited-life regulated entity that is subject to a lien (other than mortgages that collateralize the mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by an enterprise) only if—
“(I) the limited-life regulated entity is unable to otherwise obtain such credit or issue such debt; and
“(II) there is adequate protection of the interest of the holder of the lien on the property with respect to which such senior or equal lien is proposed to be granted.
“(D) BURDEN OF PROOF.—In any hearing under this subsection, the Director has the burden of proof on the issue of adequate protection.
“(12) EFFECT ON DEBTS AND LIENS.—The reversal or modification on appeal of an authorization under this subsection to obtain credit or issue debt, or of a grant under this section of a priority or a lien, does not affect the validity of any debt so issued, or any priority or lien so granted, to an entity that extended such credit in good faith, whether or not such entity knew of the pendency of the appeal, unless such authorization and the issuance of such debt, or the granting of such priority or lien, were stayed pending appeal.
“(i) OTHER AGENCY EXEMPTIONS.—
“(1) APPLICABILITY.—The provisions of this subsection shall apply with respect to the Agency in any case in which the Agency is acting as a conservator or receiver.


122 STAT. 2767

PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008


“(2) TAXATION.—The Agency, including its franchise, its capital, reserves, and surplus, and its income, shall be exempt from all taxation imposed by any State, county, municipality, or local taxing authority, except that any real property of the Agency shall be subject to State, territorial, county, municipal, or local taxation to the same extent according to its value as other real property is taxed, except that, notwithstanding the failure of any person to challenge an assessment under State law of the value of such property, and the tax thereon, shall be determined as of the period for which such tax is imposed.
“(3) PROPERTY PROTECTION.—No property of the Agency shall be subject to levy, attachment, garnishment, foreclosure, or sale without the consent of the Agency, nor shall any involuntary lien attach to the property of the Agency.
“(4) PENALTIES AND FINES.—The Agency shall not be liable for any amounts in the nature of penalties or fines, including those arising from the failure of any person to pay any real property, personal property, probate, or recording tax or any recording or filing fees when due.
“(k) PROHIBITION OF CHARTER REVOCATION.—In no case may the receiver appointed pursuant to this section revoke, annul, or terminate the charter of an enterprise.”.
(b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—The Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.) is amended—
(1) in section 1368 (12 U.S.C. 4618)—
(A) by striking “an enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting “a regulated entity”; and
(B) by striking “the enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting “the regulated entity”;
(2) in section 1369C (12 U.S.C. 4622), by striking “enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting “regulated entity”;
(3) in section 1369D (12 U.S.C. 4623)—
(A) by striking “an enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting “a regulated entity”; and
(B) in subsection (a)(1), by striking “An enterprise” and inserting “A regulated entity”; and
(4) by striking sections 1369, 1369A, and 1369B (12 U.S.C. 4619, 4620, and 4621).


Subtitle D—Enforcement Actions


SEC. 1151. CEASE AND DESIST PROCEEDINGS.
Section 1371 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4631) is amended—
(1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following:
“(a) ISSUANCE FOR UNSAFE OR UNSOUND PRACTICES AND VIOLATIONS.—
“(1) AUTHORITY OF DIRECTOR.—If, in the opinion of the Director, a regulated entity or any entity-affiliated party is engaging or has engaged, or the Director has reasonable cause to believe that the regulated entity or any entity-affiliated party is about to engage, in an unsafe or unsound practice Deadline.


122 STAT. 2768

PUBLIC LAW 110-289—JULY 30, 2008


in conducting the business of the regulated entity or the Office of Finance, or is violating or has violated, or the Director has reasonable cause to believe is about to violate, a law, rule, regulation, or order, or any condition imposed in writing by the Director in connection with the granting of any application or other request by the regulated entity or the Office of Finance or any written agreement entered into with the Director, the Director may issue and serve upon the regulated entity or entity-affiliated party a notice of charges in respect thereof.
“(2) LIMITATION.—The Director may not, pursuant to this section, enforce compliance with any housing goal established under subpart B of part 2 of subtitle A of this title, with section 1336 or 1337 of this title, with subsection (m) or (n) of section 309 of the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1723a(m), (n)), with subsection (e) or (f) of section 307 of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1456(e), (f)), or with paragraph (5) of section 10(j) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1430(j)).
“(b) ISSUANCE FOR UNSATISFACTORY RATING.—If a regulated entity receives, in its most recent report of examination, a lessthan-satisfactory rating for asset quality, management, earnings, or liquidity, the Director may (if the deficiency is not corrected) deem the regulated entity to be engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice for purposes of subsection (a).”.
(2) in subsection (c)—
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting after the paragraph heading the following: “, unless the party served with a notice of charges shall appear at the hearing personally or by a duly authorized representative, the party shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of the cease and desist order”; and
(B) in paragraph (2)—
(i) by striking “or director” and inserting “director, or entity-affiliated party”; and
(ii) by inserting “or entity-affiliated party” before “consents”;
(3) in each of subsections (c), (d), and (e)—
(A) by striking “the enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting “the regulated entity”;
(B) by striking “an enterprise” each place that term appears and inserting “a regulated entity”; and
(C) by striking “conduct” each place that term appears and inserting “practice”;
(4) in subsection (d)—
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)—
(i) by striking “or director” and inserting “director, or entity-affiliated party”; and
(ii) by inserting “to require a regulated entity or entity-affiliated party” after “includes the authority”;
(B) in paragraph (1)—
(i) by striking “to require an executive officer or a director to”; and
(ii) by striking “loss” and all that follows through “person” and inserting “loss, if”;
(iii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting “such entity or party or finance facility” before “was”; and
