122 STAT. 2818

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

Examination Council, and the Farm Credit Administration concerning the development and operation, by such System and Registry, of the registration functionality and data requirements for loan originators.
Information
technology.
(c) CONSIDERATION OF FACTORS AND PROCEDURES.—In establishing the registration procedures under subsection (a) and the protocols for assigning a unique identifier to a registered loan originator, the Federal banking agencies shall make such de minimis exceptions as may be appropriate to paragraphs (1)(A) and (2) of section 1504(a), shall make reasonable efforts to utilize existing information to minimize the burden of registering loan originators, and shall consider methods for automating the process to the greatest extent practicable consistent with the purposes of this title.
States.
Deadlines. 12 USC 5107.
SEC. 1508. SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT BACKUP AUTHORITY TO ESTABLISH A LOAN ORIGINATOR LICENSING SYSTEM.
(a) BACKUP LICENSING SYSTEM.—If, by the end of the 1-year period, or the 2-year period in the case of a State whose legislature meets only biennially, beginning on the date of the enactment of this title or at any time thereafter, the Secretary determines that a State does not have in place by law or regulation a system for licensing and registering loan originators that meets the requirements of sections 1505 and 1506 and subsection (d) of this section, or does not participate in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry, the Secretary shall provide for the establishment and maintenance of a system for the licensing and registration by the Secretary of loan originators operating in such State as State-licensed loan originators.
(b) LICENSING AND REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS.—The system established by the Secretary under subsection (a) for any State shall meet the requirements of sections 1505 and 1506 for State-licensed loan originators.
Public information.
(c) UNIQUE IDENTIFIER.—The Secretary shall coordinate with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry to establish protocols for assigning a unique identifier to each loan originator licensed by the Secretary as a State-licensed loan originator that will facilitate electronic tracking and uniform identification of, and public access to, the employment history of and the publicly adjudicated disciplinary and enforcement actions against loan originators.
(d) STATE LICENSING LAW REQUIREMENTS.—For purposes of this section, the law in effect in a State meets the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines the law satisfies the following minimum requirements:
(1) A State loan originator supervisory authority is maintained to provide effective supervision and enforcement of such law, including the suspension, termination, or nonrenewal of a license for a violation of State or Federal law.
(2) The State loan originator supervisory authority ensures that all State-licensed loan originators operating in the State are registered with Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.
Reports.
(3) The State loan originator supervisory authority is required to regularly report violations of such law, as well

122 STAT. 2819

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

as enforcement actions and other relevant information, to the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.
(4) The State loan originator supervisory authority has a process in place for challenging information contained in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.
(5) The State loan originator supervisory authority has established a mechanism to assess civil money penalties for individuals acting as mortgage originators in their State without a valid license or registration.
(6) The State loan originator supervisory authority has established minimum net worth or surety bonding requirements that reflect the dollar amount of loans originated by a residential mortgage loan originator, or has established a recovery fund paid into by the loan originators.
(e) TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PERIOD.—The Secretary may extend, by not more than 24 months, the 1-year or 2-year period, as the case may be, referred to in subsection (a) for the licensing of loan originators in any State under a State licensing law that meets the requirements of sections 1505 and 1506 and subsection (d) if the Secretary determines that such State is making a good faith effort to establish a State licensing law that meets such requirements, license mortgage originators under such law, and register such originators with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry.

SEC. 1509. BACKUP AUTHORITY TO ESTABLISH A NATIONWIDE MORTGAGE LICENSING AND REGISTRY SYSTEM.

If at any time the Secretary determines that the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry is failing to meet the requirements and purposes of this title for a comprehensive licensing, supervisory, and tracking system for loan originators, the Secretary shall establish and maintain such a system to carry out the purposes of this title and the effective registration and regulation of loan originators.
12 USC 5108.

SEC. 1510. FEES.

The Federal banking agencies, the Farm Credit Administration, the Secretary, and the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry may charge reasonable fees to cover the costs of maintaining and providing access to information from the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry, to the extent that such fees are not charged to consumers for access to such system and registry.
12 USC 5109.

SEC. 1511. BACKGROUND CHECKS OF LOAN ORIGINATORS.

(a) ACCESS TO RECORDS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in providing identification and processing functions, the Attorney General shall provide access to all criminal history information to the appropriate State officials responsible for regulating State-licensed loan originators to the extent criminal history background checks are required under the laws of the State for the licensing of such loan originators.
(b) AGENT.—For the purposes of this section and in order to reduce the points of contact which the Federal Bureau of Investigation may have to maintain for purposes of subsection (a), the Conference of State Bank Supervisors or a wholly owned subsidiary may be used as a channeling agent of the States for requesting
12 USC 5110.

122 STAT. 2820

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

and distributing information between the Department of Justice and the appropriate State agencies.

SEC. 1512. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION.

(a) SYSTEM CONFIDENTIALITY.—Except as otherwise provided in this section, any requirement under Federal or State law regarding the privacy or confidentiality of any information or material provided to the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry or a system established by the Secretary under section 1509, and any privilege arising under Federal or State law (including the rules of any Federal or State court) with respect to such information or material, shall continue to apply to such information or material after the information or material has been disclosed to the system. Such information and material may be shared with all State and Federal regulatory officials with mortgage industry oversight authority without the loss of privilege or the loss of confidentiality protections provided by Federal and State laws.
(b) NONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS.—Information or material that is subject to a privilege or confidentiality under subsection (a) shall not be subject to—
(1) disclosure under any Federal or State law governing the disclosure to the public of information held by an officer or an agency of the Federal Government or the respective State; or
(2) subpoena or discovery, or admission into evidence, in any private civil action or administrative process, unless with respect to any privilege held by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry or the Secretary with respect to such information or material, the person to whom such information or material pertains waives, in whole or in part, in the discretion of such person, that privilege.
(c) COORDINATION WITH OTHER LAW.—Any State law, including any State open record law, relating to the disclosure of confidential supervisory information or any information or material described in subsection (a) that is inconsistent with subsection (a) shall be superseded to the extent of such inconsistency. The Secretary, in consultation with the Council, shall establish and maintain a system for licensing and registry of State-licensed loan originators for the South. 

12 USC 5111.
Applicability.
(d) PUBLIC ACCESS TO INFORMATION.—This section shall not apply with respect to the information or material relating to the employment history of, and publicly adjudicated disciplinary and enforcement actions against, loan originators that is included in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry for access by the public.

12 USC 5112.
SEC. 1513. LIABILITY PROVISIONS.

The Secretary, any State official or agency, any Federal banking agency, or any organization serving as the administrator of the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry or a system established by the Secretary under section 1509, or any officer or employee of any such entity, shall not be subject to any civil action or proceeding for monetary damages by reason of the good faith action or omission of any officer or employee of any such entity, while acting within the scope of office or employment, relating to the collection, furnishing, or dissemination of information concerning persons who are loan originators or are applying for licensing or registration as loan originators.
12 USC 5113.

122 STAT. 2821

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

SEC. 1514. ENFORCEMENT UNDER HUD BACKUP LICENSING SYSTEM.

(a) SUMMONS AUTHORITY.—The Secretary may—
(1) examine any books, papers, records, or other data of any loan originator operating in any State which is subject to a licensing system established by the Secretary under section 1508; and
(2) summon any loan originator referred to in paragraph (1) or any person having possession, custody, or care of the reports and records relating to such loan originator, to appear before the Secretary or any delegate of the Secretary at a time and place named in the summons and to produce such books, papers, records, or other data, and to give testimony, under oath, as may be relevant or material to an investigation of such loan originator for compliance with the requirements of this title.
(b) EXAMINATION AUTHORITY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary establishes a licensing system under section 1508 for any State, the Secretary shall appoint examiners for the purposes of administering such sections. 
(2) POWER TO EXAMINE.—Any examiner appointed under paragraph (1) shall have power, on behalf of the Secretary, to make any examination of any loan originator operating in any State which is subject to a licensing system established by the Secretary under section 1508 whenever the Secretary determines an examination of any loan originator is necessary to determine compliance with this title. 
(3) REPORT OF EXAMINATION.—Each examiner appointed under paragraph (1) shall make a full and detailed report of examination of any loan originator examined to the Secretary.
(4) ADMINISTRATION OF OATHS AND AFFIRMATIONS; EVIDENCE.—In connection with examinations of loan originators operating in any State which is subject to a licensing system established by the Secretary under section 1508, or with other types of investigations to determine compliance with applicable law and regulations, the Secretary and examiners appointed by the Secretary may administer oaths and affirmations and examine and take and preserve testimony under oath as to any matter in respect to the affairs of any such loan originator. (5) ASSESSMENTS.—The cost of conducting any examination of any loan originator operating in any State which is subject to a licensing system established by the Secretary under section 1508 shall be assessed by the Secretary against the loan originator to meet the Secretary's expenses in carrying out such examination.
(c) CEASE AND DESIST PROCEEDING.—
(1) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY.—If the Secretary finds, after notice and opportunity for hearing, that any person is violating, has violated, or is about to violate any provision of this title, or any regulation thereunder, with respect to a State which is subject to a licensing system established by the Secretary under section 1508, the Secretary may publish such findings and enter an order requiring such person, and any other person that is, was, or would be a cause of the violation, due to an act or omission the person knew or should have known would contribute to such violation, to cease and desist from committing or causing such violation and any future violation

122 STAT. 2822

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

of the same provision, rule, or regulation. Such order may, in addition to requiring a person to cease and desist from committing or causing a violation, require such person to comply, or to take steps to effect compliance, with such provision or regulation, upon such terms and conditions and within such time as the Secretary may specify in such order. Any such order may, as the Secretary deems appropriate, require future compliance or steps to effect future compliance, either permanently or for such period of time as the Secretary may specify, with such provision or regulation with respect to any loan originator.
Notification. Deadline.
(2) HEARING.—The notice instituting proceedings pursuant to paragraph (1) shall fix a hearing date not earlier then 30 days nor later than 60 days after service of the notice unless an earlier or a later date is set by the Secretary with the consent of any respondent so served.
(3) TEMPORARY ORDER.—Whenever the Secretary determines that the alleged violation or threatened violation specified in the notice instituting proceedings pursuant to paragraph (1), or the continuation thereof, is likely to result in significant dissipation or conversion of assets, significant harm to consumers, or substantial harm to the public interest prior to the completion of the proceedings, the Secretary may enter a temporary order requiring the respondent to cease and desist from the violation or threatened violation and to take such action to prevent the violation or threatened violation and to prevent dissipation or conversion of assets, significant harm to consumers, or substantial harm to the public interest as the Secretary deems appropriate pending completion of such proceedings. Such an order shall be entered only after notice and opportunity for a hearing, unless the Secretary determines that notice and hearing prior to entry would be impracticable or contrary to the public interest. A temporary order shall become effective upon the respondent’s receipt of the order and, unless set aside, limited, or suspended by the Secretary or a court of competent jurisdiction, shall remain effective and enforceable pending the completion of the proceedings.
Effective date.
(4) REVIEW OF TEMPORARY ORDERS.—
(A) REVIEW BY SECRETARY.—At any time after the respondent has been served with a temporary cease and desist order pursuant to paragraph (3), the respondent may apply to the Secretary to have the order set aside, limited, or suspended. If the respondent has been served with a temporary cease and desist order entered without a prior hearing before the Secretary, the respondent may, within 10 days after the date on which the order was served, request a hearing on such application and the Secretary shall hold a hearing and render a decision on such application at the earliest possible time.
(B) JUDICIAL REVIEW.—Within—
(i) 10 days after the date the respondent was served with a temporary cease and desist order entered without a prior hearing before the Secretary; or
(ii) 10 days after the Secretary renders a decision on an application and hearing under paragraph (1), with respect to any temporary cease and desist order entered without a prior hearing before the Secretary,