PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2793
(g) FIRREA.—Section 1216 of the Financial Institutions
Reform, Recovery, and Enhancement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1831e)
is amended—
(1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (3) and inserting
the following:
‘‘(3) the Federal Housing Finance Agency.’’;
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Federal National Mort-
gage Association’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Home Loan Banks,
the Federal National Mortgage Association,’’; and
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Finance Board’’ and
inserting ‘‘Finance Agency’’.
SEC. 1217. STUDY ON FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enact- Deadline.
ment of this Act, the Director shall conduct a study and submit
a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs
of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the
House of Representatives on the extent to which loans and securi-
ties used as collateral to support Federal Home Loan Bank advances
are consistent with the interagency guidance on nontraditional
mortgage products.
(b) REQUIRED CONTENT.—The study required under subsection
(a) shall—
(1) consider and recommend any additional regulations, Recommendations.
guidance, advisory bulletins, or other administrative actions
necessary to ensure that the Federal Home Loan Banks are
not supporting loans with predatory characteristics; and
(2) include an opportunity for the public to comment on Public comment.
any recommendations made under paragraph (1).
SEC. 1218. FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK REFINANCING AUTHORITY FOR
CERTAIN RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOANS.
Section 10(j)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C.
1430(j)(2)) is amended—
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end;
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the
end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(C) during the 2-year period beginning on the date Effective date.
of enactment of this subparagraph, use such percentage
as the Director may by regulation establish of any sub-
sidized advances set aside to finance homeownership under
subparagraph (A) to refinance loans that are secured by
a first mortgage on a primary residence of any family
having an income at or below 80 percent of the median
income for the area.’’.

122 STAT. 2794
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
TITLE III—TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS, PERSONNEL, AND PROPERTY OF
OFHEO AND THE FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE BOARD
Subtitle A—OFHEO
SEC. 1301. ABOLISHMENT OF OFHEO.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Effective at the end of the 1-year period
beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the positions of the Director and Deputy Director of such Office are abolished.
(b) DISPOSITION OF AFFAIRS.—During the 1-year period begin- Effective date.
ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, solely for the purpose of winding up the affairs of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight—
(1) shall manage the employees of such Office and provide
for the payment of the compensation and benefits of any such
employee which accrue before the effective date of the transfer
of such employee under section 1303; and
(2) may take any other action necessary for the purpose
of winding up the affairs of the Office.
(c) STATUS OF EMPLOYEES BEFORE TRANSFER.—The amend-
ments made by title I and the abolishment of the Office of Federal
Housing Enterprise Oversight under subsection (a) of this section
may not be construed to affect the status of any employee of
such Office as an employee of an agency of the United States
for purposes of any other provision of law before the effective
date of the transfer of any such employee under section 1303.
(d) USE OF PROPERTY AND SERVICES.—
(1) PROPERTY.—The Director may use the property of the
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight to perform func-
tions which have been transferred to the Director for such
time as is reasonable to facilitate the orderly transfer of func-
tions transferred under any other provision of this Act or any
amendment made by this Act to any other provision of law.
(2) AGENCY SERVICES.—Any agency, department, or other
instrumentality of the United States, and any successor to
any such agency, department, or instrumentality, which was
providing supporting services to the Office of Federal Housing
Enterprise Oversight before the expiration of the period under
subsection (a) in connection with functions that are transferred to
the Director shall—
(A) continue to provide such services, on a reimbursable
basis, until the transfer of such functions is complete; and
(B) consult with any such agency to coordinate and
facilitate a prompt and reasonable transition.
(e) CONTINUATION OF SERVICES.—The Director may use the
services of employees and other personnel of the Office of Federal
Housing Enterprise Oversight, on a reimbursable basis, to perform
functions which have been transferred to the Director for such
time as is reasonable to facilitate the orderly transfer of functions

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2795
pursuant to any other provision of this Act or any amendment
made by this Act to any other provision of law.
(f) SAVINGS PROVISIONS.—
(1) EXISTING RIGHTS, DUTIES, AND OBLIGATIONS NOT
AFFECTED.—Subsection (a) shall not affect the validity of any
right, duty, or obligation of the United States, the Director
of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, or any
other person, which—
(A) arises under—
(i) the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial
Safety and Soundness Act of 1992;
(ii) the Federal National Mortgage Association
Charter Act;
(iii) the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
Act; or
(iv) any other provision of law applicable with
respect to such Office; and
(B) existed on the day before the date of abolishment
under subsection (a).
(2) CONTINUATION OF SUITS.—No action or other proceeding
commenced by or against the Director of the Office of Federal
Housing Enterprise Oversight in connection with functions that
are transferred to the Director of the Federal Housing Finance
Agency shall abate by reason of the enactment of this Act,
except that the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency
shall be substituted for the Director of the Office of Federal
Housing Enterprise Oversight as a party to any such action
or proceeding.

SEC. 1302. CONTINUATION AND COORDINATION OF CERTAIN ACTIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—All regulations, orders, and determinations 12 USC 4511
described in subsection (b) shall remain in effect according to the note.
terms of such regulations, orders, and determinations, and shall
be enforceable by or against the Director or the Secretary of Housing
and Urban Development, as the case may be, until modified, termi-
nated, set aside, or superseded in accordance with applicable law
by the Director or the Secretary, as the case may be, any court
of competent jurisdiction, or operation of law.
(b) APPLICABILITY.—A regulation, order, or determination is Effective date.
described in this subsection if it—
(1) was issued, made, prescribed, or allowed to become
effective by—
(A) the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight;
(B) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development,
and relates to the authority of the Secretary under—
(i) the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial
Safety and Soundness Act of 1992;
(ii) the Federal National Mortgage Association
Charter Act, with respect to the Federal National Mort-
gage Association; or
(iii) the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
Act, with respect to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corporation; or
(C) a court of competent jurisdiction, and relates to
functions transferred by this Act; and
(2) is in effect on the effective date of the abolishment
under section 1301(a).

122 STAT. 2796
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
SEC. 1303. TRANSFER AND RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES OF OFHEO.
(a) TRANSFER.—Each employee of the Office of Federal Housing 12 USC 4511
Enterprise Oversight shall be transferred to the Agency for employ- note.
ment, not later than the effective date of the abolishment under Deadline.
section 1301(a), and such transfer shall be deemed a transfer of
function for purposes of section 3503 of title 5, United States Code.
(b) GUARANTEED POSITIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Each employee transferred under sub-
section (a) shall be guaranteed a position with the same status,
tenure, grade, and pay as that held on the day immediately
preceding the transfer.
(2) NO INVOLUNTARY SEPARATION OR REDUCTION.—An Effective date.
employee transferred under subsection (a) holding a permanent
position on the day immediately preceding the transfer may
not be involuntarily separated or reduced in grade or compensa-
tion during the 12-month period beginning on the date of
transfer, except for cause, or, in the case of a temporary
employee, separated in accordance with the terms of the
appointment of the employee.
(c) APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY FOR EXCEPTED AND SENIOR EXECU-
TIVE SERVICE EMPLOYEES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of an employee occupying
a position in the excepted service or the Senior Executive
Service, any appointment authority established under law or
by regulations of the Office of Personnel Management for filling
such positions shall be transferred, subject to paragraph (2).
(2) DECLINE OF TRANSFER.—The Director may decline the
transfer of authority under paragraph (1) to the extent that
such authority relates to—
(A) a position excepted from the competitive service
because of its confidential, policymaking, policy-deter-
mining, or policy-advocating character; or
(B) a noncareer position in the Senior Executive Service
within the meaning of section 3132(a)(7) of title 5, United
States Code.
(d) REORGANIZATION.—If the Director determines, after the end
of the 1-year period beginning on the effective date of the abolish-
ment under section 1301(a), that a reorganization of the combined
workforce is required, that reorganization shall be deemed a major
reorganization for purposes of affording affected employee retire-
ment under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United
States Code.
(e) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Any employee of the Office of Federal
Housing Enterprise Oversight accepting employment with the
Agency as a result of a transfer under subsection (a) may
retain, for 12 months after the date on which such transfer
occurs, membership in any employee benefit program of the
Agency or the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, as
applicable, including insurance, to which such employee belongs
on the date of the abolishment under section 1301(a), if—
(A) the employee does not elect to give up the benefit
or membership in the program; and
(B) the benefit or program is continued by the Director
of the Federal Housing Finance Agency.

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2797
(2) COST DIFFERENTIAL.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The difference in the costs between
the benefits which would have been provided by the Office
of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight and those pro-
vided by this section shall be paid by the Director.
(B) HEALTH INSURANCE.—If any employee elects to give
up membership in a health insurance program or the health
insurance program is not continued by the Director, the
employee shall be permitted to select an alternate Federal
health insurance program not later than 30 days after
the date of such election or notice, without regard to any
other regularly scheduled open season.

SEC. 1304. TRANSFER OF PROPERTY AND FACILITIES.
Upon the effective date of its abolishment under section 1301(a),
all property of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
shall transfer to the Agency.

Subtitle B—Federal Housing Finance Board

SEC. 1311. ABOLISHMENT OF THE FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE BOARD.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Effective at the end of the 1-year period
beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Housing
Finance Board (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘‘Board’’) is abol-
ished.
(b) DISPOSITION OF AFFAIRS.—During the 1-year period begin- Effective date.
ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Director, solely for
the purpose of winding up the affairs of the Board—
(1) shall manage the employees of the Board and provide
for the payment of the compensation and benefits of any
employee which accrue before the effective date of the transfer
of such employee under section 1313; and
(2) may take any other action necessary for the purpose
of winding up the affairs of the Board.
(c) STATUS OF EMPLOYEES BEFORE TRANSFER.—The amend-
ments made by titles I and II and the abolishment of the Board
under subsection (a) may not be construed to affect the status
of any employee of the Board as an employee of an agency of
the United States for purposes of any other provision of law before
the effective date of the transfer of any such employee under section
1313.
(d) USE OF PROPERTY AND SERVICES.—
(1) PROPERTY.—The Director may use the property of the
Board to perform functions which have been transferred to
the Director, for such time as is reasonable to facilitate the
orderly transfer of functions transferred under any other provi- Deadline.
sion of this Act or any amendment made by this Act to any
other provision of law.
(2) AGENCY SERVICES.—Any agency, department, or other Deadline.
instrumentality of the United States, and any successor to
any such agency, department, or instrumentality, which was
providing supporting services to the Board before the expiration
of the 1-year period under subsection (a) in connection with
functions that are transferred to the Director shall—