122 STAT. 2896                                            PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

                ‘‘(ii) the transferee or qualified substitute receives 
            a notice (as described in subsection (d)) from a trans¬
            feror’s agent, transferee’s agent, or qualified substitute 
            that such affidavit or statement is false, or
                ‘‘(B) if the Secretary by regulations requires the trans¬
            feree or qualified substitute to furnish a copy of such affi¬
            davit or statement to the Secretary and the transferee 
            or qualified substitute fails to furnish a copy of such affi¬
            davit or statement to the Secretary at such time and in 
            such manner as required by such regulations.’’.
        (2) LIABILITY.—
            (A) NOTICE.—Paragraph (1) of section 1445(d) (relating 
        to notice of false affidavit; foreign corporations) is amended 
        to read as follows:
                ‘‘(1) NOTICE OF FALSE AFFIDAVIT; FOREIGN CORPORATIONS.—
                    ‘‘(A) the transferor furnishes the transferee or qualified 
                substitute an affidavit described in paragraph (2) of sub¬
                section (b) or a domestic corporation furnishes the trans¬
                feree an affidavit described in paragraph (3) of subsection 
                (b), and
                    ‘‘(B) in the case of—
                        ‘‘(i) any transferor’s agent—
                            ‘‘(I) such agent has actual knowledge that such 
                        affidavit is false, or
                            ‘‘(II) in the case of an affidavit described in 
                        subsection (b)(2) furnished by such corporation, such 
                        corporation is a foreign corporation, or
                        ‘‘(ii) any transferee’s agent or qualified substitute, 
                    such agent or substitute has actual knowledge that 
                    such affidavit is false,
                such agent or qualified substitute shall notify the trans¬
                feree at such time and in such manner as the Secretary 
                shall require by regulations.’’.
            (B) FAILURE TO FURNISH NOTICE.—Paragraph (2) of 
        section 1445(d) (relating to failure to furnish notice) is 
        amended to read as follows:
                ‘‘(2) FAILURE TO FURNISH NOTICE.—
                    ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If any transferor’s agent, trans¬
                feree’s agent, or qualified substitute is required by para¬
                graph (1) to furnish notice, but fails to furnish such notice 
                at such time or times and in such manner as may be 
                required by regulations, such agent or substitute shall have 
                the same duty to deduct and withhold that the transferee 
                would have had if such agent or substitute had complied 
                with paragraph (1).
                    ‘‘(B) LIABILITY LIMITED TO AMOUNT OF COMPENSA¬
                TION.—An agent’s or substitute’s liability under subpara¬
                graph (A) shall be limited to the amount of compensation 
                the agent or substitute derives from the transaction.’’.
            (C) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The heading for sec¬
        tion 1445(d) is amended by striking ‘‘OR TRANSFEREE’S 
        AGENTS’’ and inserting ‘‘, TRANSFEREE’S AGENTS, OR QUALI¬
        FIED SUBSTITUTES’’.
    (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section 
shall apply to dispositions of United States real property interests 
after the date of the enactment of this Act.

Regulations. 

Real property. 
26 USC 1445 
note.