PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
122 STAT. 2713

‘‘(B) to increase homeownership for extremely low- and very low-income families.
‘‘(2) FEDERAL ASSISTANCE.—For purposes of the application of Federal civil rights laws, all assistance provided from the Housing Trust Fund shall be considered Federal financial assistance.
‘‘(b) ALLOCATIONS FOR HOPE BOND PAYMENTS.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL—Notwithstanding subsection (c), to help address the mortgage crisis, of the amounts allocated pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of section 1337(a)(1)(B) and clauses (i) and (ii) of section 1337(a)(2)(B) in excess of amounts described in section 1337(e)—
‘‘(A) 100 percent of such excess shall be used to reimburse the Treasury for payments made pursuant to section 257(w)(1)(C) of the National Housing Act in calendar year 2009;
‘‘(B) 50 percent of such excess shall be used to reimburse the Treasury for such payments in calendar year 2010; and
‘‘(C) 25 percent of such excess shall be used to reimburse the Treasury for such payments in calendar year 2011.
‘‘(2) EXCESS FUNDS.—At the termination of the HOPE for Homeowners Program established under section 257 of the National Housing Act, if amounts used to reimburse the Treasury under paragraph (1) exceed the total cost to the Government of the HOPE for Homeowners Program, such amounts shall be used for their original purpose, as described in paragraphs (1)(B) and (2)(B) of section 1337(a).
‘‘(3) TREASURY FUND.—The amounts referred to in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1) shall be deposited into a fund established in the Treasury of the United States by the Secretary of the Treasury for such purpose.
‘‘(c) ALLOCATION FOR HOUSING TRUST FUND IN FISCAL YEAR 2010 AND SUBSEQUENT YEARS.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary shall distribute the amounts allocated for the Housing Trust Fund under this section to provide affordable housing as described in this subsection.
Regulations.
Deadline.
Disadvantaged persons.

122 STAT. 2714
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
‘‘(2) PERMISSIBLE DESIGNEES.—A State receiving grant amounts under this subsection may designate a State housing finance agency, housing and community development entity, or tribally designated housing entity (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1997 (25 U.S.C. 4103)), or any other qualified instrumentality of the State to receive such grant amounts.
‘‘(3) DISTRIBUTION TO STATES BY NEEDS-BASED FORMULA.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, by regulation, establish a formula within 12 months of the date of enactment of the Federal Housing Finance Regulatory Reform Act of 2008, to distribute amounts made available under this subsection to each State to provide affordable housing to extremely low- and very low-income households.
‘‘(B) BASIS FOR FORMULA.—The formula required under subparagraph (A) shall include the following:

‘‘(i) The ratio of the shortage of standard rental units both affordable and available to extremely low-income renter households in the State to the aggregate shortage of standard rental units both affordable and available to extremely low-income renter households in all the States.
‘‘(ii) The ratio of the shortage of standard rental units both affordable and available to very low-income renter households in the State to the aggregate shortage of standard rental units both affordable and available to very low-income renter households in all the States.
‘‘(iii) The ratio of extremely low-income renter households in the State living with either (I) incomplete kitchen or plumbing facilities, (II) more than 1 person per room, or (III) paying more than 50 percent of income for housing costs, to the aggregate number of extremely low-income renter households living with either (IV) incomplete kitchen or plumbing facilities, (V) more than 1 person per room, or (VI) paying more than 50 percent of income for housing costs in all the States.
‘‘(iv) The ratio of very low-income renter households in the State paying more than 50 percent of income on rent relative to the aggregate number of very low-income renter households paying more than 50 percent of income on rent in all the States.
‘‘(v) The resulting sum calculated from the factors described in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be multiplied by the relative cost of construction in the State. For purposes of this subclause, the term ‘cost of construction’—
Regulations.
Deadline.
Federal Register,
publication.
State and local
governments.


‘‘(I) means the cost of construction or building rehabilitation in the State relative to the national cost of construction or building rehabilitation; and ‘‘(II) shall be calculated such that values higher than 1.0 indicate that the State’s construction costs are higher than the national average, a value of 1.0 indicates that the State’s construction costs are exactly the same as the national average, and values lower than 1.0 indicate that the State’s cost of construction are lower than the national average.
‘‘(C) PRIORITY.—The formula required under subparagraph (A) shall give priority emphasis and consideration to the factor described in subparagraph (B)(i).
‘‘(4) ALLOCATION OF GRANT AMOUNTS.—
‘‘(A) NOTICE.—Not later than 60 days after the date that the Secretary determines the formula amounts described in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall cause to be published in the Federal Register a notice that such amounts shall be so available.
‘‘(B) GRANT AMOUNT.—In each fiscal year other than fiscal year 2009, the Secretary shall make a grant to each State in an amount that is equal to the formula amount determined under paragraph (3) for that State.

122 STAT. 2715
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

‘‘(C) MINIMUM STATE ALLOCATIONS.—If the formula amount determined under paragraph (3) for a fiscal year would allocate less than $3,000,000 to any of the 50 States of the United States or the District of Columbia, the allocation for such State of the United States or the District of Columbia shall be $3,000,000, and the increase shall be deducted pro rata from the allocations made to all of the other States (as such term is defined in section 1303).
‘‘(5) ALLOCATION PLANS REQUIRED.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For each year that a State or State designated entity receives a grant under this subsection, the State or State designated entity shall establish an allocation plan. Such plan shall—
‘‘(i) set forth a plan for the distribution of grant amounts received by the State or State designated entity for such year;
‘‘(ii) be based on priority housing needs, as determined by the State or State designated entity in accordance with the regulations established under subsection (g)(2)(D);
‘‘(iii) comply with paragraph (6); and
‘‘(iv) include performance goals that comply with the requirements established by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (g)(2).

‘‘(B) ESTABLISHMENT.—In establishing an allocation plan under this paragraph, a State or State designated entity shall—
‘‘(i) notify the public of the establishment of the plan;
‘‘(ii) provide an opportunity for public comments regarding the plan;
‘‘(iii) consider any public comments received regarding the plan; and
‘‘(iv) make the completed plan available to the public.
‘‘(C) CONTENTS.—An allocation plan of a State or State designated entity under this paragraph shall set forth the requirements for eligible recipients under paragraph (8) to apply for such grant amounts, including a requirement that each such application include—

Notification.
Public comments.
Public information.

122 STAT. 2716
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

‘‘(i) a description of the eligible activities to be conducted using such assistance; and
 ‘‘(ii) a certification by the eligible recipient applying for such assistance that any housing units assisted with such assistance will comply with the requirements under this section.

 ‘‘(6) SELECTION OF ACTIVITIES FUNDED USING HOUSING TRUST FUND GRANT AMOUNTS.—Grant amounts received by a State or State designated entity under this subsection may be used, or committed for use, only for activities that—

Disadvantaged
persons.

  ‘‘(C) are selected for funding by the State or State designated entity in accordance with the process and  criteria for such selection established pursuant to subsection (g)(2)(D).

‘‘(7) ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.—Grant amounts allocated to a State or State designated entity under this subsection shall be eligible for use, or for commitment for use, only for assistance
for—
  ‘‘(A) the production, preservation, and rehabilitation of rental housing, including housing under the program identified in section 1335(a)(2)(B) and for operating costs, except that not less than 75 percent of such grant amounts shall be used for the benefit only of extremely low-income families or families with incomes at or below the poverty line (as such term is defined in section 673 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 9902)), including any revision required by such section) applicable to a family of the size involved, and not more than 25 percent of the benefit only of very low-income families; and 
     ‘‘(B) the production, preservation, and rehabilitation of housing for homeownership, including such forms as down payment assistance, closing cost assistance, and assistance for interest rate buy-downs, that—
        ‘‘(i) is available for purchase only for use as a principal residence by families that qualify both as

        ‘‘(I) extremely low- or very low-income fami lies at the times described in subparagraphs (A)  through (C) of section 215(b)(2) of the Cranston-
        Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42  U.S.C. 12745(b)(2)); and 

        ‘‘(II) first-time homebuyers, as such term is defined in section 104 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12704), except that any reference in such section to assist ance under title II of such Act shall for purposes of this subsection be considered to be reference to assist ance from affordable housing fund grant amounts;

         ‘‘(ii) has an initial purchase price that meets the requirements of section 215(b)(1) of the CranstonGonzalez National Affordable Housing Act;
‘‘(iii) is subject to the same resale restrictions established under section 215(b)(3) of the CranstonGonzalez National Affordable Housing Act and applicable to the participating jurisdiction that is the State in which such housing is located; and
‘‘(iv) is made available for purchase only by, or in the case of assistance under this subsection, is made available only to homebuyers who have, before pur chase completed a program of independent financial education and counseling of an eligible organization that meets the requirements of section 132 of the Fed eral Housing Finance Regulatory Reform Act of 2008.
‘‘(8) TENANT PROTECTIONS AND PUBLIC PARTICIPATION.—All amounts from the Trust Fund shall be allocated in accordance with, and any eligible activities carried out in whole or in part with grant amounts under this subtitle (including housing

122 STAT. 2717
PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008
provided with such grant amounts) shall comply with and be operated in compliance with—
‘‘(A) laws relating to tenant protections and tenant rights to participate in decision making regarding their residences;


 ‘‘(B) laws relating to public participation, including laws relating to Consolidated Plans, Qualified Allocation Plans, and Public Housing Agency Plans; and 
   ‘‘(C) fair housing laws and laws regarding accessibility in federally assisted housing, including section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.


‘‘(9) ELIGIBLE RECIPIENTS.—Grant amounts allocated to a State or State designated entity under this subsection may be provided only to a recipient that is an organization, agency, or other entity (including a for-profit entity or a nonprofit entity) that—

Regulations.

‘‘(A) has demonstrated experience and capacity to conduct an eligible activity under paragraph (7), as evidenced by its ability to—
    ‘‘(i) own, construct or rehabilitate, manage, and  operate an affordable multifamily rental housing development;
  ‘‘(ii) design, construct or rehabilitate, and market affordable housing for homeownership; or 
    ‘‘(iii) provide forms of assistance, such as down payments, closing costs, or interest rate buy-downs for purchasers; 
    ‘‘(B) demonstrates the ability and financial capacity to undertake, comply, and manage the eligible activity;
    ‘‘(C) demonstrates its familiarity with the requirements of any other Federal, State, or local housing program that will be used in conjunction with such grant amounts to ensure compliance with all applicable requirements and regulations of such programs; and
    ‘‘(D) makes such assurances to the State or State designated entity as the Secretary shall, by regulation, require to ensure that the recipient will comply with the requirements of this subsection during the entire period that begins upon selection of the recipient to receive such grant amounts and ending upon the conclusion of all activities under paragraph (8) that are engaged in by the recipient and funded with such grant amounts.
   ‘‘(10) LIMITATIONS ON USE.—
     ‘‘(A) REQUIRED AMOUNT FOR HOMEOWNERSHIP ACTIVI TIES.—Of the aggregate amount allocated to a State or State designated entity under this subsection not more than 10 percent shall be used for activities under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (7.).


     ‘‘(B) DEADLINE FOR COMMITMENT OR USE.—Grant amounts allocated to a State or State designated entity under this subsection shall be used or committed for use  within 2 years of the date that such grant amounts are  made available to the State or State designated entity. The Secretary shall recapture any such amounts not so used or committed for use and reallocate such amounts under this subsection in the first year after such recapture.