PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

122 STAT. 2873

the project that are not occupied by families assisted with tenant-based assistance under this subsection; and
‘‘(II) the payment standard established by the public housing agency for a unit of the size involved.’’.

(b) SECTION 202 HOUSING FOR ELDERLY PERSONS.—Subsection (f) of section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q(f) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘SELECTION CRITERIA.—’’ and inserting ‘‘INITIAL SELECTION CRITERIA AND PROCESSING.— (1) SELECTION CRITERIA.—’’;
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (7) as subparagraphs (A) through (G), respectively; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) DELEGATED PROCESSING.—
‘‘(A) In issuing a capital advance under this subsection for any project for which financing for the purposes described in the last two sentences of subsection (b) is provided by a combination of a capital advance under subsection (c)(1) and sources other than this section, within 30 days of award of the capital advance, the Secretary shall delegate review and processing of such projects to a State or local housing agency that—
‘‘(i) is in geographic proximity to the property;
‘‘(ii) has demonstrated experience in and capacity for underwriting multifamily housing loans that provide housing and supportive services;
‘‘(iii) may or may not be providing low-income housing tax credits in combination with the capital advance under this section, and
‘‘(iv) agrees to issue a firm commitment within 12 months of delegation.
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall retain the authority to process capital advances in cases in which no State or local housing agency has applied to provide delegated processing pursuant to this paragraph or no such agency has entered into an agreement with the Secretary to serve as a delegated processing agency.
‘‘(C) An agency to which review and processing is delegated pursuant to subparagraph (A) may assess a reasonable fee which shall be included in the capital advance amounts and may recommend project rental assistance amounts in excess of those initially awarded by the Secretary. The Secretary shall develop a schedule for reasonable fees under this subparagraph to be paid to delegated processing agencies, which shall take into consideration any other fees to be paid to the agency for other funding provided to the project by the agency, including bonds, tax credits, and other gap funding.
‘‘(D) Under such delegated system, the Secretary shall retain the authority to approve rents and development costs and to execute a capital advance within 60 days of receipt of the commitment from the State or local agency. The Secretary shall provide to such agency and the project sponsor, in writing, the reasons for any reduction in capital 

Deadline.

Deadline.

Deadline.

122 STAT. 2874

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

advance amounts or project rental assistance and such reductions shall be subject to appeal.’’.

(c) MCKINNEY-VENTO ACT HOMELESS ASSISTANCE UNDER SHELTER PLUS CARE PROGRAM.—
(1) TERM OF CONTRACTS WITH OWNER OR LESSOR.—Part II of subtitle F of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act is amended—
(A) by redesignating sections 462 and 463 (42 U.S.C. 11403g, 11403h) as sections 463 and 464, respectively;
(B) by striking ‘‘section 463’’ each place such term appears in sections 471, 476, 481, 486, and 488 (42 U.S.C. 11404a, 11405, 11406, 11407, and 11407b) and inserting ‘‘section 464’’; and
(C) by inserting after section 461 (42 U.S.C. 11403f) the following new section:

``SEC. 462. TERM OF CONTRACT WITH OWNER OR LESSOR.

``An applicant under this subtitle may enter into a contract with the owner or lessor of a property that receives rental assistance under this subtitle having a term of not more than 15 years, subject to the availability of sufficient funds provided in appro- priation Acts for the purpose of renewing expiring contracts for assist- ance payments. Such contract may, at the election of the applicant and owner or lessor, specify that such contract shall be extended for renewal terms of not more than 15 years each, subject to the availability of sufficient such appropriated funds.’’.

(2) PROJECT-BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE CONTRACTS.—Sec- tion 478(a) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11405a(a)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ```, except that, in the case of any project for which equity is provided through any low-income housing tax credit pursuant to section 42 of the Internal Rev- enue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 42), if an expenditure of such amount for each unit (including the prorated share of such work) is required to make the structure decent, safe, and sani- tary, and the owner agrees to reach initial closing on permanent financing from such other sources within two years and agrees to carry out the rehabilitation with resources other than assist- ance under this subtitle within 60 months of notification of grant approval, the contract shall be for a term of 10 years (except that such period may be extended by up to 1 year by the Secretary, which extension shall be granted unless the Secretary determines that the sponsor is primarily responsible for the failure to meet such deadline)’’.
(d) DATA COLLECTION ON TENANTS OF HOUSING TAX CREDIT PROJECTS.—Title I of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section:

42 USC 1437z–8.

Deadline.

``SEC. 36. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON TENANTS IN TAX CREDIT PROJECTS.

``(a) IN GENERAL.—Each State agency administering tax credits under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 42) shall furnish to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop- ment, not less than annually, information concerning the race, ethnicity, family composition, age, income, use of rental assistance under section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 or

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

122 STAT. 2875

other similar assistance, disability status, and monthly rental pay- ments of households residing in each property receiving such credits through such agency. Such State agencies shall, to the extent fea- sible, collect such information through existing reporting processes and in a manner that minimizes burdens on property owners. In the case of any household that continues to reside in the same dwelling unit, information provided by the household in a previous year may be used if the information is of a category that is not subject to change or if information for the current year is not readily available to the owner of the property.
```(b) STANDARDS.—The Secretary shall establish standards and definitions for the information collected under subsection (a), pro- vide States with technical assistance in establishing systems to compile and submit such information, and, in coordination with other Federal agencies administering housing programs, establish procedures to minimize duplicative reporting requirements for prop- erties assisted under multiple housing programs.
```(c) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary shall, not less than annually, compile and make publicly available the information sub- mitted to the Secretary pursuant to subsection (a).
```(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There is authorized to be appropriated for the cost of activities required under sub- sections (b) and (c) $2,500,000 for fiscal year 2009 and $900,000 for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2013.’’.

TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS

SEC. 2901. HOMELESS ASSISTANCE.

(a) APPROPRIATIONS.—Section 726 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11435) is amended by striking ``$70,000,000’’ and all that follows and inserting ``$100,000,000 for fiscal year 2009 and such sums as may be necessary for each subsequent fiscal year.’’.
(b) EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE.—Section 722 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432) is amended by adding at the end the following:
```(h) SPECIAL RULE FOR EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE.—
```(1) EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE.—
```(A) RESERVATION OF AMOUNTS.—Subject to paragraph (4) and notwithstanding any other provision of this title, the Secretary shall use funds appropriated under section 726 for fiscal year 2009, but not to exceed $30,000,000, for the purposes of providing emergency assistance through grants.
```(B) GENERAL AUTHORITY.—The Secretary shall use the funds to make grants to State educational agencies under paragraph (2), to enable the agencies to make subgrants to local educational agencies under paragraph (3), to pro- vide activities described in section 723(d) for individuals referred to in subparagraph (C).
```(C) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS.—Funds made available under this subsection shall be used to provide such activi- ties for eligible individuals, consisting of homeless children and youths, and their families, who have become homeless due to home foreclosure, including children and youths,

State and local governments. Grants.

122 STAT. 2876

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

and their families, who became homeless when lenders foreclosed on properties rented by the families.
```(2) GRANTS TO STATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES.—
```(A) DISBURSEMENT.—The Secretary shall make grants with funds provided under paragraph (1)(A) to State edu- cational agencies based on need, consistent with the number of eligible individuals described in paragraph (1)(C) in the States involved, as determined by the Secretary.
```(B) ASSURANCE.—To be eligible to receive a grant under this paragraph, a State educational agency shall provide an assurance to the Secretary that the State edu- cational agency, and each local educational agency receiving a subgrant from the State educational agency under this subsection shall ensure that the activities car- ried out under this subsection are consistent with the activities described in section 723(d).
```(3) SUBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES.—A State educational agency that receives a grant under paragraph (2) shall use the funds made available through the grant to make subgrants to local educational agencies. The State edu- cational agency shall make the subgrants to local educational agencies based on need, consistent with the number of eligible indi- viduals described in paragraph (1)(C) in the areas served by the local educational agencies, as determined by the State edu- cational agency.
```(4) RESTRICTION.—The Secretary—
```(A) shall determine the amount (if any) by which the funds appropriated under section 726 for fiscal year 2009 exceed $70,000,000; and
```(B) may only use funds from that amount to carry out this subsection.’’.

12 USC 1701z–17.
SEC. 2902. INCREASING ACCESS AND UNDERSTANDING OF ENERGY EFFICIENT MORTGAGES.

(a) DEFINITION.—As used in this section, the term ``energy efficient mortgage’’ has the same meaning as given that term in paragraph (24) of section 104 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12704(24)).
(b) RECOMMENDATIONS TO ELIMINATE BARRIERS TO USE OF ENERGY EFFICIENT MORTGAGES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in conjunction with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall consult with the residential mortgage industry and States to develop recommendations to eliminate the bar- riers that exist to increasing the availability, use, and purchase of energy efficient mortgages, including such barriers as—
```(A) the lack of reliable and accessible information on such mortgages, including estimated energy savings and other benefits of energy efficient housing;
```(B) the confusion regarding underwriting requirements and differences among various energy efficient mortgage programs;
```(C) the complex and time consuming process of securing such mortgages;

Deadline.

Deadline.

122 STAT. 2877

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

```(D) the lack of publicly available research on the default risk of such mortgages; and
```(E) the availability of certified or accredited home energy rating services.
(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit a report to Congress that—
```(A) summarizes the recommendations developed under paragraph (1); and
```(B) includes any recommendations for statutory, regu- latory, or administrative changes that the Secretary deems necessary to institute such recommendations.
(c) ENERGY EFFICIENT MORTGAGES OUTREACH CAMPAIGN.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in consultation and coordination with the Sec- retary of Energy, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and State Energy and Housing Finance Directors, shall carry out an education and outreach campaign to inform and educate consumers, home builders, residential lenders, and other real estate professionals on the availability, benefits, and advantages of—
```(A) improved energy efficiency in housing; and
```(B) energy efficient mortgages.
(2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are author- ized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out the education and outreach campaign described under para- graph (1).

DIVISION C—TAX-RELATED PROVISIONS

Housing Assistance Tax Act of 2008. 26 USC 1 note.
SEC. 3000. SHORT TITLE; ETC.

(a) SHORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ``Housing Assistance Tax Act of 2008’’.
(b) AMENDMENT OF 1986 CODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
(c) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of contents for this division is as follows:


TITLE I—HOUSING TAX INCENTIVES

Subtitle A—Multi-Family Housing

PART I—LOW-INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDIT
Sec. 3001. Temporary increase in volume cap for low-income housing tax credit.
Sec. 3002. Determination of credit rate.
Sec. 3003. Modifications to definition of eligible basis.
Sec. 3004. Other simplification and reform of low-income housing tax incentives.
Sec. 3005. Treatment of military basic pay.

PART II—MODIFICATIONS TO TAX-EXEMPT HOUSING BOND RULES
Sec. 3007. Recycling of tax-exempt debt for financing residential rental projects.
Sec. 3008. Coordination of certain rules applicable to low-income housing credit and qualified residential rental project exempt facility bonds.

PART III—REFORMS RELATED TO THE LOW-INCOME HOUSING CREDIT AND TAX-EXEMPT HOUSING BONDS
Sec. 3009. Hold harmless for reductions in area median gross income.