122 STAT. 2848  

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008  

of credit insured by the Federal Housing Administration for the purchase of a manufactured home.  
‘‘(d) UNFAIR AND DECEPTIVE PRACTICES.—In connection with the purchase of a manufactured home financed with a loan or extension of credit insured by the Federal Housing Administration under this title, the Secretary shall prohibit acts or practices in connection with loans or extensions of credit that the Secretary finds to be unfair, deceptive, or otherwise not in the interests of the borrower.’’.
SEC. 2150. LEASEHOLD REQUIREMENTS.  

Subsection (b) of section 2 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1703(b)), as amended by the preceding provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(11) LEASEHOLD REQUIREMENTS.—No insurance shall be granted under this section to any such financial institution with respect to any obligation representing any such loan, advance of credit, or purchase by it, made for the purposes of financing a manufactured home which is intended to be situated in a manufactured home community pursuant to a lease, unless such lease—
‘‘(A) expires not less than 3 years after the origination date of the obligation;
‘‘(B) is renewable upon the expiration of the original 3 year term by successive 1 year terms; and
‘‘(C) requires the lessor to provide the lessee written notice of termination of the lease not less than 180 days prior to the expiration of the current lease term in the event the lessee is required to move due to the closing of the manufactured home community, and further provides that failure to provide such notice to the mortgagor in a timely manner will cause the lease term, at its expiration, to automatically renew for an additional 1 year term.’’.

TITLE II—MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE  
PROTECTIONS FOR SERVICEMEMBERS  

SEC. 2201. TEMPORARY INCREASE IN MAXIMUM LOAN GUARANTY  
AMOUNT FOR CERTAIN HOUSING LOANS GUARANTEED  
BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS.  

Notwithstanding subparagraph (C) of section 3703(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, for purposes of any loan described in subparagraph (A)(i)(IV) of such section that is originated during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2008, the term ‘‘maximum guaranty amount’’ shall mean an amount equal to 25 percent of the higher of—
(1) the limitation determined under section 305(a)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1454(a)(2)) for the calendar year in which the loan is originated for a single-family residence; or
(2) 125 percent of the area median price for a single-family residence, but in no case to exceed 175 percent of the  

122 STAT. 2849  

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008  

limitation determined under such section 305(a)(2) for the calendar year in which the loan is originated for a single-family residence.

SEC. 2202. COUNSELING ON MORTGAGE FORECLOSURES FOR MEM-  
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETURNING FROM SERVICE ABROAD.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a program to advise members of the Armed Forces (including members of the National Guard and Reserve) who are returning from service on active duty abroad (including service in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom) on actions to be taken by such members to prevent or forestall mortgage foreclosures.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The program required by subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) Credit counseling.
(2) Home mortgage counseling.
(3) Such other counseling and information as the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the program.
(c) TIMING OF PROVISION OF COUNSELING.—Counseling and other information under the program required by subsection (a) shall be provided to a member of the Armed Forces covered by the program as soon as practicable after the return of the member from service as described in subsection (a).

SEC. 2203. ENHANCEMENT OF PROTECTIONS FOR SERVICEMEMBERS  
RELATING TO MORTGAGES AND MORTGAGE FORE-  
CLOSURES.

(a) EXTENSION OF PERIOD OF PROTECTIONS AGAINST MORTGAGE FORECLOSURES.—
(1) EXTENSION OF PROTECTION PERIOD.—Subsection (c) of section 303 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 533) is amended by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘9 months’’.
(2) EXTENSION OF STAY OF PROCEEDINGS PERIOD.—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘9 months’’.
(b) TREATMENT OF MORTGAGES AS OBLIGATIONS SUBJECT TO INTEREST RATE LIMITATION.—Section 207 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 527) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘in excess of 6 percent’’ the second place it appears and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in excess of 6 percent—
‘‘(A) during the period of military service and one year thereafter, in the case of an obligation or liability consisting of a mortgage, trust deed, or other security in the nature of a mortgage; or
‘‘(B) during the period of military service, in the case of any other obligation or liability.’’; and
(2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsection:
‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
‘‘(1) INTEREST.—The term ‘interest’ includes service charges, renewal charges, fees, or any other charges (except bona fide insurance) with respect to an obligation or liability.  

122 STAT. 2850  

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008  

‘‘(2) OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY.—The term ‘obligation or liability’ includes an obligation or liability consisting of a mortgage, trust deed, or other security in the nature of a mortgage.’’.
(c) EFFECTIVE DATE; SUNSET.—
(1) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.
(2) SUNSET.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall expire on December 31, 2010. Effective January 1, 2011, the provisions of subsections (b) and (c) of section 303 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, are hereby revived.

TITLE III—EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE  
FOR THE REDEVELOPMENT OF ABAN-  
DONED AND FORECLOSED HOMES  

SEC. 2301. EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE FOR THE REDEVELOPMENT OF ABANDONED AND FORECLOSED HOMES.

(a) DIRECT APPROPRIATIONS.—There are appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated for the fiscal year 2008, $4,000,000,000, to remain available until expended, for assistance to States and units of general local government (in this title referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) for the redevelopment of abandoned and foreclosed upon homes and residential properties.
(b) ALLOCATION OF APPROPRIATED AMOUNTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to States and units of general local government under this section shall be allocated based on a funding formula established by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (in this title referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’).
(2) FORMULA TO BE DEVISED SWIFTLY.—The funding formula required under paragraph (1) shall be established not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section.
(3) CRITERIA.—The funding formula required under paragraph (1) shall ensure that any amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under this section are allocated to States and units of general local government with the greatest need, as such need is determined in the discretion of the Secretary based on—
(A) the number and percentage of home foreclosures in each State or unit of general local government;
(B) the number and percentage of homes financed by a subprime mortgage related loan in each State or unit of general local government; and
(C) the number and percentage of homes in default or delinquency in each State or unit of general local government.
(4) DISTRIBUTION.—Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under this section shall be distributed according to the funding formula established by the Secretary under paragraph (1) not later than 30 days after the establishment of such formula.
(c) USE OF FUNDS.—  

122 STAT. 2851  

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008  

(1) IN GENERAL.—Any State or unit of general local government that receives amounts pursuant to this section shall, not later than 18 months after the receipt of such amounts, use such amounts to purchase and redevelop abandoned and foreclosed homes and residential properties.
(2) PRIORITY.—Any State or unit of general local government that receives amounts pursuant to this section shall in distributing such amounts give priority emphasis and consideration to those metropolitan areas, metropolitan cities, urban areas, rural areas, low- and moderate-income areas, and other areas with the greatest need, including those—
(A) with the greatest percentage of home foreclosures;
(B) with the highest percentage of homes financed by a subprime mortgage related loan; and
(C) identified by the State or unit of general local government as likely to face a significant rise in the rate of home foreclosures.
(3) ELIGIBLE USES.—Amounts made available under this section may be used to—
(A) establish financing mechanisms for purchase and redevelopment of foreclosed upon homes and residential properties, including such mechanisms as soft-seconds, loan loss reserves, and shared-equity loans for low- and moderate-income homebuyers;
(B) purchase and rehabilitate homes and residential properties that have been abandoned or foreclosed upon, in order to sell, rent, or redevelop such homes and properties;
(C) establish land banks for homes that have been foreclosed upon;
(D) demolish blighted structures; and
(E) redevelop demolished or vacant properties.
(d) LIMITATIONS.—
(1) ON PURCHASES.—Any purchase of a foreclosed upon home or residential property under this section shall be at a discount from the current market appraised value of the home or property, taking into account its current condition, and such discount shall ensure that purchasers are paying below-market value for the home or property.
(2) REHABILITATION.—Any rehabilitation of a foreclosed-upon home or residential property under this section shall be to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, codes, and other requirements relating to housing safety, quality, and habitability, in order to sell, rent, or redevelop such homes and properties. Rehabilitation may include improvements to increase the energy efficiency or conservation of such homes and properties or provide a renewable energy source or sources for such homes and properties.
(3) SALE OF HOMES.—If an abandoned or foreclosed upon home or residential property is purchased, redeveloped, or otherwise sold to an individual as a primary residence, then such sale shall be in an amount equal to or less than the cost to acquire and redevelop or rehabilitate such home or property up to a decent, safe, and habitable condition.
(4) REINVESTMENT OF PROFITS.—  

122 STAT. 2852  

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008  

(i) 5-YEAR REINVESTMENT PERIOD.—During the 5-year period following the date of enactment of this Act, any revenue generated from the sale, rental, redevelopment, rehabilitation, or any other eligible use that is in excess of the cost to acquire and redevelop (including reasonable development fees) or rehabilitate an abandoned or foreclosed upon home or residential property shall be provided to and used by the State or unit of general local government in accordance with, and in furtherance of, the intent and provisions of this section.
(ii) DEPOSITS IN THE TREASURY.—
(I) PROFITS.—Upon the expiration of the 5-year period set forth under clause (i), any revenue generated from the sale, rental, redevelopment, rehabilitation, or any other eligible use that is in excess of the cost to acquire and redevelop (including reasonable development fees) or rehabilitate an abandoned or foreclosed upon home or residential property shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts, unless the Secretary approves a request to use the funds for purposes under this Act.
(II) OTHER AMOUNTS.—Upon the expiration of the 5-year period set forth under clause (i), any other revenue not described under subclause (I) generated from the sale, rental, redevelopment, or rehabilitation of an abandoned or foreclosed upon home or residential property shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts, unless the Secretary approves a request to use the funds for purposes under this Act.
(B) OTHER REVENUES.—Any revenues generated under subparagraphs (A), (C) or (D) of subsection (c)(3) shall be provided to and used by the State or unit of general local government in accordance with, and in furtherance of, the intent and provisions of this section.
(e) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided by this section, amounts appropriated, revenues generated, or amounts otherwise made available to States and units of general local government under this section shall be treated as though such funds were community development block grant funds under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.).
(2) NO MATCH.—No matching funds shall be required in order for a State or unit of general local government to receive any amounts under this section.
(f) AUTHORITY TO SPECIFY ALTERNATIVE REQUIREMENTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In administering any amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under this section, the Secretary may specify alternative requirements to any provision under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (except for those related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment) in accordance with the terms of this section and for the sole purpose of expediting the use of such funds.