PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

122 STAT. 2863

TITLE VII—SMALL PUBLIC HOUSING AUTHORITIES PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT

SEC. 2701. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Small Public Housing Authorities Paperwork Reduction Act’’.

SEC. 2702. PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCY PLANS FOR CERTAIN QUALIFIED PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 5A(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437c–1(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(3) EXEMPTION OF CERTAIN PHAS FROM FILING REQUIREMENT.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1) or any other provision of this Act—
‘‘(i) the requirement under paragraph (1) shall not apply to any qualified public housing agency; and 
‘‘(ii) except as provided in subsection (e)(4)(B), any reference in this section or any other provision of law to a ‘public housing agency’ shall not be considered to refer to any qualified public housing agency to the extent such reference applies to the requirement to submit an annual public housing agency plan under this subsection. 
Applicability.
‘‘(B) CIVIL RIGHTS CERTIFICATION.—Notwithstanding that qualified public housing agencies are exempt under subparagraph (A) from the requirement under this section to prepare and submit an annual public housing plan, each qualified public housing agency shall, on an annual basis, make the certification described in paragraph (16) of subsection (d), except that for purposes of such qualified public housing agencies, such paragraph shall be applied by substituting ‘the public housing program of the agency’ for ‘the public housing agency plan’. 
‘‘(C) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified public housing agency’ means a public housing agency that meets the following requirements: 
‘‘(i) The sum of (I) the number of public housing dwelling units administered by the agency, and (II) the number of vouchers under section 8(o) of the United 
States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) administered by the agency, is 550 or fewer. 
‘‘(ii) The agency is not designated under section 6(j)(2) as a troubled public housing agency, and does not have a failing score under the section 8 Management Assessment Program during the prior 12 months.’’. 
(b) RESIDENT PARTICIPATION.—Section 5A of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437c–1) is amended—
(1) in subsection (e), by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: 
‘‘(4) QUALIFIED PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES.—

122 STAT. 2864

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), nothing in this section may be construed to exempt a qualified public housing agency from the requirement under paragraph (1) to establish 1 or more resident advisory boards. Notwithstanding that qualified public 
housing agencies are exempt under subsection (b)(3)(A) from the requirement under this section to prepare and submit an annual public housing plan, each qualified public housing agency shall consult with, and consider the recommendations of the resident advisory boards for the agency, at the annual public hearing required under subsection (f)(5), regarding any changes to the goals, objectives, and policies of that agency. 
‘‘(B) APPLICABILITY OF WAIVER AUTHORITY.—Paragraph (3) shall apply to qualified public housing agencies, except that for purposes of such qualified public housing agencies, subparagraph (B) of such paragraph shall be applied by substituting ‘the functions described in the second sentence of paragraph (4)(A)’ for ‘the functions described in paragraph (2)’. 
Public comment.
Deadline.
‘‘(f) PUBLIC HEARINGS.—’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f) (as so designated by the amendment made by paragraph (1)), by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(5) QUALIFIED PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES.—
‘‘(A) REQUIREMENT.—Notwithstanding that qualified public housing agencies are exempt under subsection (b)(3)(A) from the requirement under this section to conduct a public hearing regarding the annual public housing plan of the agency, each qualified public housing agency shall annually conduct a public hearing—
‘‘(i) to discuss any changes to the goals, objectives, and policies of the agency; and
‘‘(ii) to invite public comment regarding such changes.
‘‘(B) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION AND NOTICE.—Not later than 45 days before the date of any hearing described in subparagraph (A), a qualified public housing agency shall—
‘‘(i) make all information relevant to the hearing and any determinations of the agency regarding changes to the goals, objectives, and policies of the agency to be considered at the hearing available for inspection by the public at the principal office of the public housing agency during normal business hours; and
‘‘(ii) publish a notice informing the public that—
‘‘(I) the information is available as required under clause (i); and
‘‘(II) a public hearing under subparagraph (A) will be conducted.’’.

122 STAT. 2865

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

TITLE VIII—HOUSING PRESERVATION
Subtitle A—Preservation Under Federal Housing Programs

SEC. 2801. CLARIFICATION OF DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN PROPERTIES.
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, subtitle A of title II of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (12 U.S.C. 1701z–11 note) and the amendments made by such title shall not apply to any transaction regarding a multifamily real property for which—
Deadlines.
(1) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development has received, before the date of the enactment of such Act, written expressions of interest in purchasing the property from both a city government and the housing commission of such city;
(2) after such receipt, the Secretary acquires title to the property at a foreclosure sale; and
(3) such city government and housing commission have resolved a previous disagreement with respect to the disposition of the property.

SEC. 2802. ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN PROJECTS FOR ENHANCED VOUCHER ASSISTANCE.

Massachusetts. Disadvantaged persons.

Notwithstanding any other provision of law—
(1) the property known as The Heritage Apartments (FHA No. 023–44804), in Malden, Massachusetts, shall be considered eligible low-income housing for purposes of the eligibility of residents of the property for enhanced voucher assistance under section 8(t) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(t)), pursuant to paragraph (2)(A) of section 223(f) of the Low-Income Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4113(f)(2)(A));
(2) such residents shall receive enhanced rental housing vouchers upon the prepayment of the mortgage loan for the property under section 236 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1); and
(3) the Secretary shall approve such prepayment and subsequent transfer of the property without any further condition, except that the property shall be restricted for occupancy, until the original maturity date of the prepaid mortgage loan, only by families with incomes not exceeding 80 percent of the adjusted median income for the area in which the property is located, as published by the Secretary.
Amounts for the enhanced vouchers pursuant to this section shall be provided under amounts appropriated for tenant-based rental assistance otherwise authorized under section 8(t) of the United States Housing Act of 1937.

SEC. 2803. TRANSFER OF CERTAIN RENTAL ASSISTANCE CONTRACTS.

(a) TRANSFER.—Subject to subsection (c) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall, at the request of the owner, transfer or authorize the transfer, of the contracts, restrictions, and debt described in subsection (b)—
Ohio.
(1) on the housing that is owned or managed by Community Properties of Ohio Management Services LLC or an affiliate of Ohio Capital Corporation for Housing and located in Franklin

122 STAT. 2866

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

County, Ohio, to other properties located in Franklin County, Ohio; and
(2) on the housing that is owned or managed by The Model Group, Inc., and located in Hamilton County, Ohio, to other properties located in Hamilton County, Ohio.

(b) CONTRACTS, RESTRICTIONS, AND DEBT COVERED.—The contracts, restrictions, and debt described in this subsection are as follows:
(1) All or a portion of a project-based rental assistance housing assistance payments contract under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f).
(2) Existing Federal use restrictions, including without limitation use agreements, regulatory agreements, and accommodation agreements.
(3) Any subordinate debt held by the Secretary or assigned and any mortgages securing such debt, all related loan and security documentation and obligations, and reserve and escrow balances.

(c) RETENTION OF SAME NUMBER OF UNITS AND AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE.—Any transfer pursuant to subsection (a) shall result in—
(1) a total number of dwelling units (including units retained by the owners and units transferred) covered by assistance described in subsection (b)(1) after the transfer remaining the same as such number assisted before the transfer, with such increases or decreases in unit sizes as may be contained in a plan approved by a local planning or development commission or department; and
(2) no reduction in the total amount of the housing assistance payments under contracts described in subsection (b)(1).

SEC. 2804. PUBLIC HOUSING DISASTER RELIEF.

Section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) is amended—

(1) by striking subsection (k); and 
(2) by redesignating subsections (l), (m), and (n) as subsections (k), (l), and (m), respectively.

California.

SEC. 2805. PRESERVATION OF CERTAIN AFFORDABLE HOUSING.

Notwithstanding any other provision of law—
(1) for the property known as Nihonmachi Terrace (FHA No. 121–44824), in San Francisco, California, upon the refinancing of the existing federally insured mortgage pursuant to section 236(b) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z– 1(b)), unassisted low and moderate-income residents of the property shall be deemed eligible for and shall receive voucher assistance under section 8(o) of the United States Housing 
Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)); and
(2) to preserve the affordability of the property, the housing authority shall utilize such additional voucher assistance pursuant to subsection 8(o)(13) of the United States Housing Act  of 1937, without regard to the limitations of subparagraphs (B) and (D) of that subsection.
Amounts for the vouchers pursuant to this section shall be provided under amounts appropriated for tenant-based rental assistance otherwise authorized.

122 STAT. 2867

PUBLIC LAW 110–289—JULY 30, 2008

Subtitle B—Coordination of Federal Housing Programs and Tax Incentives for Housing

SEC. 2831. SHORT TITLE.

This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Housing Tax Credit Coordination Act of 2008’’.

SEC. 2832. APPROVALS BY DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT.

12 USC 1715s.

(a) ADMINISTRATIVE AND PROCEDURAL CHANGES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning upon after the date of the enactment of this Act, implement administrative and procedural changes to expedite approval of multifamily housing projects under the jurisdiction of the Department of Housing and Urban Development that meet the requirements of the Secretary for such approvals. 
(2) PROJECTS.—The multifamily housing projects referred to in paragraph (1) shall include—
(A) projects for which assistance is provided by such Department in conjunction with any low-income housing tax credits under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or tax-exempt housing bonds; and 
(B) existing public housing projects and assisted housing projects, for which approval of the Secretary is necessary for transactions, in conjunction with any such low-income housing tax credits or tax-exempt housing bonds, involving the preservation or rehabilitation of the project.
(3) CHANGES.—The administrative and procedural changes referred to in paragraph (1) shall include all actions necessary to carry out paragraph (1), which may include—
(A) improving the efficiency of approval procedures; 
(B) simplifying approval requirements, 
(C) establishing time deadlines or target deadlines for required approvals; 
(D) modifying division of approval authority between field and national offices;
(E) improving outreach to project sponsors regarding information that is required to be submitted for approvals; 
(F) requesting additional funding for increasing staff, if necessary; and 
(G) any other actions which would expedite approvals. 
Any such changes shall be made in a manner that provides for full compliance with any existing requirements under law or regulation that are designed to protect families receiving public and assisted housing assistance, including income targeting, rent, and fair housing provisions, and shall also comply with requirements regarding environmental review and protection and wages paid to laborers. 
(b) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall consult with the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service and take such actions