Chap. CVI. — An Act to provide a National Currency, secured by a Pledge of United States Bonds, and to provide for the Circulation and Redemption thereof.
June 3, 1864.
1863, ch. 78, §§ 6, 7.
Post, p. 484.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be established in the treasury department a separate bureau, which shall be charged with the execution of this and all other laws that may be passed by congress respecting the issue and regulation of a national currency.
100                                   THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. SESS. I.  CH. 106.  1864.

                            secured by United States bonds. The chief officer of the said bureau shall 
                            be denominated the comptroller of the currency, and shall be under the gen-
Comptroller of   eral direction of the Secretary of the Treasury. He shall be appointed
the currency.      by the President, on the recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
                            ury, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall hold his
Appointment     office for the term of five years unless sooner removed by the President,
                            upon reasons to be communicated by him to the Senate ; he shall receive
Term of office.  an annual salary of five thousand dollars ; he shall have a competent
                             deputy, appointed by the secretary, whose salary shall be two thousand
Salary              five hundred dollars, and who shall possess the power and perform the
Deputy comp-   duties attached by law to the office of comptroller during a vacancy in
troller.             such office and during his absence or inability ; he shall employ, from
                             time to time, the necessary clerks to discharge such duties as he shall
Clerks.             direct, which clerks shall be appointed and classified by the Secretary of
                             the Treasury in the manner now provided by law. Within fifteen days
Comptroller to  from the time of notice of his appointment the comptroller shall take and
take oath within subscribe the oath of office prescribed by the constitution and laws of the
what time.        United States ; and he shall give to the United States a bond in the pen-
                             alty of one hundred thousand dollars, with not less than two responsible
Bond.               sureties, to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned
                             for the faithful discharge of the duties of his office. The deputy-comp-
                             troller so appointed shall also take the oath of office prescribed by the
                             constitution and laws of the United States, and shall give a like bond in 
Oath and bond the penalty of fifty thousand dollars. The comptroller and deputy-com-
of deputy comp- troller shall not, either directly or indirectly, be interested in any associa-
troller.              tion issuing national currency under the provisions of this act.
Not to be in-
terested in any
banking associa- Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the comptroller of the cur-
tion.                   rency, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall devise a 
Seal of                 seal, with suitable inscriptions, for his office, a description of which, with
currency bureau, a certificate of approval by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be filed
and where to   in the office of the Secretary of State with an impression thereof, which 
be kept.            shall thereupon become the seal of office of the comptroller of the cur-
                             rency, and the same may be renewed when necessary. Every certifi-
                             cate, assignment, and conveyance executed by the comptroller, in pursu-
Certain papers ance of any authority conferred on him by law, and sealed with his seal
under such seal of office, shall be received in evidence in all places and courts whatsoever ;
to be evidence.
                            and all copies of papers in the office of the comptroller, certified by him
                            and authenticated by the said seal, shall in all cases be evidence equally
                            with and in like manner as the original. An impression of such seal directly
Impression may on the paper shall be as valid as if made on wax or wafer.
be upon paper.
                            SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall be assigned to
Rooms for cur-  the comptroller of the currency by the Secretary of the Treasury suit-
rency bureau.   able rooms in the treasury building for conducting the business of the
                           currency bureau, in which shall be safe and secure fire-proof vaults, in
                           which it shall be the duty of the comptroller to deposit and safely keep 
Fire-proof       all the plates not necessarily in the possession of engravers or printers,
vaults.
                           and other valuable things belonging to his department ; and the comp-
                           troller shall from time to time furnish the necessary furniture, stationery,
                           fuel, lights, and other proper conveniences for the transaction of the said
Furniture, &c.  business.
                            SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the term “United States
Term “United  Bonds,” as used in this act, shall be construed to mean all registered bonds
States Bonds "  now issued, or that may hereafter be issued, on the faith of the United
to include what.
                            States by the Secretary of the Treasury in pursuance of law.
                            SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That associations for carrying on the 
Banking asso- business of banking may be formed by any number of persons, not less
ciations, how
may be formed. in any case than five, who shall enter into articles of association, which
                            shall specify in general terms the object for which the association is formed,
                            and may contain any other provisions, not inconsistent with the pro-
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864. 101

visions of this act, which the association may see fit to adopt for the regulation of the business of the association and the conduct of its affairs, which said articles shall be signed by the persons uniting to form the association, and a copy of them forwarded to the comptroller of the currency, to be filed and preserved in his office.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That the persons uniting to form such an association shall, under their hands, make an organization certificate, which shall specify —
First. The name assumed by such association, which name shall be subject to the approval of the comptroller.
Second. The place where its operations of discount and deposit are to be carried on, designating the state, territory, or district, and also the particular county and city, town, or village.
Third. The amount of its capital stock, and the number of shares into which the same shall be divided.
Fourth. The names and places of residence of the shareholders, and the number of shares held by each of them.
Fifth. A declaration that said certificate is made to enable such persons to avail themselves of the advantages of this act.
The said certificate shall be acknowledged before a judge of some court of record or a notary public, and such certificate, with the acknowledgment thereof authenticated by the seal of such court or notary, shall be transmitted to the comptroller of the currency, who shall record and carefully preserve the same in his office. Copies of such certificate duly certified by the comptroller, and authenticated by his seal of office, shall be legal and sufficient evidence in all courts and places within the United States, or the jurisdiction of the government thereof, of the existence of such association, and of every other matter or thing which could be proved by the production of the original certificate.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That no association shall be organized under this act, with a less capital than one hundred thousand dollars, nor in a city whose population exceeds fifty thousand persons, with a less capital than two hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That banks with a capital of not less than fifty thousand dollars may, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, be organized in any place the population of which does not exceed six thousand inhabitants.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That every association formed pursuant to the provisions of this act shall, from the date of the execution of its organization certificate, be a body corporate, but shall transact no business except such as may be incidental to its organization and necessarily preliminary, until authorized by the comptroller of the currency to commence the business of banking. Such association shall have power to adopt a corporate seal, and shall have succession by the name designated in its organization certificate, for the period of twenty years from its organization, unless sooner dissolved according to the provisions of its articles of association, or by the act of its shareholders owning two thirds of its stock, or unless the franchise shall be forfeited by a violation of this act; by such name it may make contracts, sue and be sued, complain and defend, in any court of law and equity as fully as natural persons; it may elect or appoint directors, and by its board of directors appoint a president, vice-president, cashier, and other officers, define their duties, require bonds of them and fix the penalty thereof, dismiss said officers or any of them at pleasure, and appoint others to fill their places, and exercise under this act all such incidental powers as shall be necessary to carry on the business of banking by discounting and negotiating promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange, and other evidences of debt; by receiving deposits; by buying and selling exchange, coin, and bullion; by loaning money on personal security; by obtaining, issuing, and circulating notes according to the provisions of this act; and its board of directors shall
102           THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.

also have power to define and regulate by by-laws, not inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, the manner in which its stock shall be trans-
ferred, its directors elected or appointed, its officers appointed, its prop-
erty transferred, its general business conducted, and all the privileges
granted by this act to associations organized under it shall be exercised
and enjoyed ; and its usual business shall be transacted at an office or
banking house located in the place specified in its organization certificate.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That the affairs of every associa-
tion shall be managed by not less than five directors, one of whom shall
be the president. Every director shall, during his whole term of service,
be a citizen of the United States ; and at least three fourths of the direc-
tors shall have resided in the state, territory, or district in which such
association is located one year next preceding their election as directors,
and be residents of the same during their continuance in office. Each
director shall own, in his own right, at least ten shares of the capital stock
of the association of which he is a director. Each director, when ap-
pointed or elected, shall take an oath that he will, so far as the duty de-
volves on him, diligently and honestly administer the affairs of such asso-
ciation, and will not knowingly violate, or willingly permit to be violated,
any of the provisions of this act, and that he is the bona fide owner, in
his own right, of the number of shares of stock required by this act, sub-
scribed by him, or standing in his name on the books of the association,
and that the same is not hypothecated, or in any way pledged, as security
for any loan or debt; which oath, subscribed by himself, and certified by
the officer before whom it is taken, shall be immediately transmitted to
the comptroller of the currency, and by him filed and preserved in his
office.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That the directors of any associa-
tion first elected or appointed shall hold their places until their successors
shall be elected and qualified. All subsequent elections shall be held
annually on such day in the month of January as may be specified in
the articles of association; and the directors so elected shall hold their
places for one year, and until their successors are elected and qualified.
But any director ceasing to be the owner of the requisite amount of stock,
or having in any other manner become disqualified, shall thereby vacate
his place. Any vacancy in the board shall be filled by appointment by
the remaining directors, and any director so appointed shall hold his place
until the next election. If from any cause an election of directors shall
not be made at the time appointed, the association shall not for that
cause be dissolved, but an election may be held on any subsequent day,
thirty days’ notice thereof in all cases having been given in a newspaper
published in the city, town, or county in which the association is located;
and if no newspaper is published in such city, town, or county, such notice
shall be published in a newspaper published nearest thereto. If the arti-
cles of association do not fix the day on which the election shall be held,
or if the election should not be held on the day fixed, the day for the elec-
tion shall be designated by the board of directors in their by-laws, or
otherwise: Provided, That if the directors fail to fix the day, as aforesaid,
shareholders representing two thirds of the shares may.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That in all elections of directors,
and in deciding all questions at meetings of shareholders, each share-
holder shall be entitled to one vote on each share of stock held by him.
Shareholders may vote by proxies duly authorized in writing; but no
officer, clerk, teller, or book-keeper of such association shall act as
proxy; and no shareholder whose liability is past due and unpaid shall be
allowed to vote.

SEC. 12. And be it further enacted, That the capital stock of any as-
sociation formed under this act shall be divided into shares of one hundred
dollars each, and be deemed personal property and transferable on the
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. CH. 106. 1864.                                                                            108

books of the association in such manner as may be prescribed in the by- 
laws or articles of association; and every person becoming a shareholder 
by such transfer shall, in proportion to his shares, succeed to all the rights 
and liabilities of the prior holder of such shares, and no change shall Transfer. 
be made in the articles of association by which the rights, remedies, or 
security of the existing creditors of the association shall be impaired. 
The shareholders of each association formed under the provisions of this Rights of ex- 
act, and of each existing bank or banking association that may accept the lsti.g creditors 
provisions of this act, shall be held individually responsible, equally and not to be im· 
ratably, and not one for another, for all contracts, debts, and engagements paired. 
of such association to the extent of the amount of their stock therein at 
the par value thereof, in addition to the amount invested in such shares; Individual lia- 
except that shareholders of any banking association now existing under bility. 
state laws, having not less than five millions of dollars of capital actually 
paid in, and a surplus of twenty per centum on hand, both to be deter- 
mined by the comptroller of the currency, shall be liable only to the amount 
invested in their shares; and such surplus of twenty per centum shall be 
kept undiminished, and be in addition to the surplus provided for in this 
act; and if at any time there shall be a deficiency in said surplus of 
twenty per centum, the said banking association shall not pay any divi- 
dends to its shareholders until such deficiency shall be made good ; and 
in case of such deficiency, the comptroller of the currency may compel said 
banking association to close its business and wind up its affairs under the 
provisions of this act. And the comptroller shall have authority to with- When comp· 
hold from an association his certificate authorizing the commencement of troller may with- 
hold certificate. 
business, whenever he shall have reason to suppose that the shareholders 
thereof have formed the same for any other than the legitimate objects 
contemplated by this act. 

SEC. 13. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any asso- Increase of cap- 
ciation formed under this act, by its articles of association, to provide for an ital stock. 
increase of its capital from time to time, as may be deemed expedient, sub- 
ject to the limitations of this act: Provided, That the maximum of such Maximum. 
increase in the articles of association shall be determined by the comptrol- 
ler of the currency; and no increase of capital shall be valid until the 
whole amount of such increase shall be paid in, and notice thereof shall 
have been transmitted to the comptroller of the currency, and his certifi- 
cate obtained specifying the amount of such increase of capital stock, with 
his approval thereof, and that it has been duly paid in as part of the capi- 
tal of such association. And every association shall have power, by the 
vote of shareholders owning two thirds of its capital stock, to reduce the 
capital of such association to any sum not below the amount required by 
this act, in the formation of associations: Provided, That by no such re- Minimum. 
duction shall its capital be brought below the amount required by this act 
for its outstanding circulation, nor shall any such reduction be made until 
the amount of the proposed reduction has been reported to the comptroller 
of the currency and his approval thereof obtained. 

SEC. 14. And be it further enacted, That at least fifty per centum of Amount to be 
the capital stock of every association shall be paid in before it shall be paid in before 
authorized to commence business ; and the remainder of the capital stock commencing 
of such association shall be paid in instalments of at least ten per centum business. 
each on the whole amount of the capital as frequently as one instalment 
at the end of each succeeding month from the time it shall be authorized Remainder, 
by the comptroller to commence business ; and the payment of each instal- when to be paid. 
ment shall be certified to the comptroller, under oath, by the president or 
cashier of the association. 

SEC. 15. And be it further enacted, That if any shareholder, or his as- Proceedings, 
signee, shall fail to pay any instalment on the stock when the same is re- if shareholder 
quired by the foregoing section to be paid, the directors of such associa- fails to pay in- 
tion may sell the stock of such delinquent shareholder at public auction, at alments.
104                              THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS.   Sess. I.  Ch. 106.  1864.

having given three weeks' previous notice thereof in a newspaper published and of general circulation in the city or county where the association is located, and if no newspaper is published in said city or county, then in a newspaper published nearest thereto, to any person who will pay the highest price therefor, and not less than the amount then due thereon, with the expenses of advertisement and sale; and the excess, if any, shall be paid to the delinquent shareholder. If no bidder can be found who will pay for such stock the amount due thereon to the association, and the cost of advertisement and sale, the amount previously paid shall be forfeited to the association, and such stock shall be sold as the directors may order, within six months from the time of such forfeiture, and if not sold it shall be cancelled and deducted from the capital stock of the association; and if such cancellation and reduction shall reduce the capital of the association below the minimum of capital required by this act, the capital stock shall, within thirty days from the date of such cancellation, be increased to the requirements of the act; in default of which a receiver may be appointed to close up the business of the association according to the provisions of the fiftieth section of this act.
 SEC. 16.  And be it further enacted, That every association, after having complied with the provisions of this act, preliminary to the commencement of banking business under its provisions, and before it shall be authorized to commence business, shall transfer and deliver to the treasurer of the United States any United States registered bonds bearing interest to an amount not less than thirty thousand dollars nor less than one third of the capital stock paid in, which bonds shall be deposited with the treasurer of the United States and by him safely kept in his office until the same shall be otherwise disposed of, in pursuance of the provisions of this act; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to receive and cancel any United States coupon bonds, and to issue in lieu thereof registered bonds of like amount, bearing a like rate of interest, and having the same time to run; and the deposit of bonds shall be, by every association, increased as its capital may be paid up or increased, so that every association shall at all times have on deposit with the treasurer registered United States bonds to the amount of at least one third of its capital stock actually paid in :  Provided, That nothing in this section shall prevent an association that may desire to reduce its capital or to close up its business and dissolve its organization from taking up its bonds upon returning to the comptroller its circulating notes in the proportion hereinafter named in this act, nor from taking up any excess of bonds beyond one third of its capital stock and upon which no circulating notes have been delivered.
 SEC. 17. And be it further enacted, That whenever a certificate shall have been transmitted to the comptroller of the currency, as provided in this act, and the association transmitting the same shall notify the comptroller that at least fifty per centum of its capital stock has been paid in as aforesaid, and that such association has complied with all the provisions of this act as required to be complied with before such association shall be authorized to commence the business of banking, the comptroller shall examine into the condition of such association, ascertain especially the amount of money paid in on account of its capital, the name and place of residence of each of the directors of such association, and the amound of the capital stock of which each is the bona fide owner, and generally whether such association has complied with all the requirements of this act to entitle it to engage in the business of banking; and shall cause to be made and attested by the oaths of a majority of the directors and by the president or cashier of such association, a statement of all the facts necessary to enable the comptroller to determine whether such association is lawfully entitled to commence the business of banking under this act.
 SEC. 18.  And be it further enacted, That if, upon a careful examination
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.    

                                                                                                            105
of the facts so reported, and of any other facts which may come to the
knowledge of the comptroller, whether by means of a special commission
appointed by him for the purpose of inquiring into the condition of such
association, or otherwise, it shall appear that such association is lawfully
entitled to commence the business of banking, the comptroller shall give
to such association a certificate, under his hand and official seal, that such When associa-
association has complied with all the provisions of this act required to be tion is found en-
complied with before being entitled to commence the business of banking titled to com-
under it, and that such association is authorized to commence said busi- iniecsi businecomptroller to
ness accordingly ; and it shall be the duty of the association to cause said give certificate.
certificate to be published in some newspaper published in the city or Certificate to
county where the association is located for at least sixty days next after be published
the issuing thereof : Provided, That if no newspaper is published in such
city or county the certificate shall be published in a newspaper published
nearest thereto.
   SEC. 19. And be it further enacted, That all transfers of United States Transfers of
bonds which shall be made by any association under the provisions of bonds by associ-
this act shall be made to the treasurer of the United States in trust for ation, to be made
the association, with a memorandum written or printed on each bond, and in trust.
signed by the cashier or some other officer of the association making the
deposit, a receipt therefor to be given to said association, or by the comp-
troller of the currency, or by a clerk appointed by him for that purpose, 
stating that it is held in trust for the association on whose behalf such How executed
transfer is made, and as security for the redemption and payment of any
circulating notes that have been or may be delivered to such association.
No assignment or transfer of any such bonds by the treasurer shall be
deemed valid or of binding force and effect unless countersigned by the
comptroller of the currency. It shall be the duty of the comptroller of the
currency to keep in his office a book in which shall be entered the
name of every association from whose accounts such transfer of bonds is Comptroller to
made by the treasurer, and the name of the party to whom such transfer keep transfer
is made ; and the par value of the bonds so transferred shall be entered book, &c.
therein ; and it shall be the duty of the comptroller, immediately upon
countersigning and entering the same, to advise by mail the association
from whose account such transfer was made of the kind and numerical
designation of the bonds and the amount thereof so transferred.
   SEC. 20. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the Transfers to be
comptroller of the currency to countersign and enter in the book, in the countersigned
manner aforesaid, every transfer or assignment of any bonds held by the and entered. 
treasurer presented for his signature ; and the comptroller shall have at
all times during office hours access to the books of the treasurer, for the
purpose of ascertaining the correctness of the transfer or assignment pre-
sented to him for countersigning ; and the treasurer shall have the like access
to the book above mentioned, kept by the comptroller, during office hours,
to ascertain the correctness of the entries in the same ; and the comptrol-
ler shall also at all times have access to the bonds on deposit with the
 treasurer, to ascertain their amount and condition.
   SEC. 21. And be it further enacted, That upon the transfer and de- Associations,
 livery of bonds to the treasurer, as provided in the foregoing section, the after transfer,
 association making the same shall be entitled to receive from the comp- may receive cir-
troller of the currency circulating notes of different denominations, in culating notes.
 blank, registered and countersigned as hereinafter provided, equal in 1865, ch. 82.
 amount to ninety per centum of the current market value of the United Post, p. 498.
 States bonds so transferred and delivered, but not exceeding ninety per
 centum of the amount of said bonds at the par value thereof, if bearing Limit of
 interest at a rate not less than five per centum per annum ; and at no amount.
 time shall the total amount of such notes, issued to any such association,
 exceed the amount at such time actually paid in of its capital stock.
   SEC. 22. And be it further enacted, That the entire amount of notes
106

THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.

for circulation to be issued under this act shall not exceed three hundred millions of dollars. In order to furnish suitable notes for circulation, the comptroller of the currency is hereby authorized and required, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to cause plates and dies to be engraved, in the best manner to guard against counterfeiting and fraudulent alterations, and to have printed therefrom, and numbered, such quantity of circulating notes, in blank, of the denominations of one dollar, two dollars, three dollars, five dollars, ten dollars, twenty dollars, fifty dollars, one hundred dollars, five hundred dollars, and one thousand dollars, as may be required to supply, under this act, the associations entitled to receive the same; which notes shall express upon their face that they are secured by United States bonds, deposited with the treasurer of the United States by the written or engraved signatures of the treasurer and register, and by the imprint of the seal of the treasury; and shall also express upon their face the promise of the association receiving the same to pay on demand, attested by the signatures of the president or vice-president and cashier. And the said notes shall bear such devices and such other statements, and shall be in such form, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regulation, direct: Provided, That not more than one sixth part of the notes furnished to an association shall be of a less denomination than five dollars, and that after specie payments shall be resumed no association shall be furnished with notes of a less denomination than five dollars.

SEC. 23. And be it further enacted, That after any such association shall have caused its promise to pay such notes on demand to be signed by the president or vice-president and cashier thereof, in such manner as to make them obligatory promissory notes, payable on demand, at its place of business, such association is hereby authorized to issue and circulate the same as money; and the same shall be received at par in all parts of the United States in payment of taxes, excises, public lands, and all other dues to the United States, except for duties on imports; and also for all salaries and other debts and demands owing by the United States to individuals, corporations, and associations within the United States, except interest on the public debt, and in redemption of the national currency. And no such association shall issue post notes or any other notes to circulate as money than such as are authorized by the foregoing provisions of this act.

SEC. 24. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the comptroller of the currency to receive worn-out or mutilated circulating notes issued by any such banking association, and also, on due proof of the destruction of any such circulating notes, to deliver in place thereof to such association other blank circulating notes to an equal amount. And such worn-out or mutilated notes, after a memorandum shall have been entered in the proper books, in accordance with such regulations as may be established by the comptroller, as well as all circulating notes which shall have been paid or surrendered to be cancelled, shall be burned to ashes in presence of four persons, one to be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, one by the comptroller of the currency, one by the treasurer of the United States, and one by the association, under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. And a certificate of such burning, signed by the parties so appointed, shall be made in the books of the comptroller, and a duplicate thereof forwarded to the association whose notes are thus cancelled.

SEC. 25. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of every banking association having bonds deposited in the office of the treasurer of the United States, once or oftener in each fiscal year, and at such time or times during the ordinary business hours as said officer or officers may select, to examine and compare the bonds so pledged with the books for the comptroller and the accounts of the association, and, if found correct,
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.                                                     107

to execute to the said treasurer a certificate setting forth the different
kinds and the amounts thereof, and that the same are in the possession
and custody of the treasurer at the date of such certificate. Such exam-
ination may be made by an officer or agent of such association, duly
appointed in writing for that purpose, whose certificate before mentioned
shall be of like force and validity as if executed by such president or
cashier ; and a duplicate signed by the treasurer shall be retained by the
association.
  SEC. 26. And be it further enacted, That the bonds transferred to and
deposited with the treasurer of the United States, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, by any banking association for the security of its circulating notes,
shall be held exclusively for that purpose, until such notes shall be re-
deemed, except as provided in this act ; but the comptroller of the cur-
rency shall give to any such banking association powers of attorney to
receive and appropriate to its own use the interest on the bonds which it
shall have so transferred to the treasurer ; but such powers shall become
inoperative whenever such banking association shall fail to redeem its
circulating notes as aforesaid. Whenever the market or cash value of
any bonds deposited with the treasurer of the United States, as afore-
said, shall be reduced below the amount of the circulation issued for the
same, the comptroller of the currency is hereby authorized to demand and
receive the amount of such depreciation in other United States bonds at
cash value, or in money, from the association receiving said bills, to be
deposited with the treasurer of the United States as long as such depre-
ciation continues. And said comptroller, upon the terms prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, may permit an exchange to be made of
any of the bonds deposited with the treasurer by an association for other
bonds of the United States authorized by this act to be received as secu-
rity for circulating notes, if he shall be of opinion that such an exchange
can be made without prejudice to the United States, and he may direct
the return of any said bonds to the banking association which transferred
the same, in sums of not less than one thousand dollars, upon the surren-
der to him and the cancellation of a proportionate amount of such cir-
culating notes : Provided, That the remaining bonds which shall have
been transferred by the banking association offering to surrender circulat-
ing notes shall be equal to the amount required for the circulating notes
not surrendered by such banking association, and that the amount of bonds
in the hands of the treasurer shall not be diminished below the amount
required to be kept on deposit with him by this act : And provided, That
there shall have been no failure by such association to redeem its cir-
culating notes, and no other violation by such association of the provis-
ions of this act, and that the market or cash value of the remaining bonds
shall not be below the amount required for the circulation issued for the
same.
  SEC. 27. And be it further enacted, That it shall be unlawful for any
officer acting under the provisions of this act to countersign or deliver to
any association, or to any other company or person, any circulating notes
contemplated by this act, except as hereinbefore provided, and in accord-
ance with the true intent and meaning of this act. And any officer who
shall violate the provisions of this section shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by fine not
exceeding double the amount so countersigned and delivered, and im-
prisonment not less than one year and not exceeding fifteen years, at the
discretion of the court in which he shall be tried.
  SEC. 28. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any
such association to purchase, hold, and convey real estate as fol-
lows :
  First. Such as shall be necessary for its immediate accommodation in
the transaction of its business.
108                             THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS.   Sess. I.  Ch. 106.   1864.

Real estate.

Second. Such as shall be mortgaged to it in good faith by way of secu-
rity for debts previously contracted.

Third. Such as shall be conveyed to it in satisfaction of debts previously
contracted in the course of its dealings.

Fourth. Such as it shall purchase at sales under judgments, decrees,
or mortgages held by such association, or shall purchase to secure debts
due to said association.

Such associations shall not purchase or hold real estate in any other
case or for any other purpose than as specified in this section. Nor shall
it hold the possession of any real estate under mortgage, or hold the title
and possession of any real estate purchased to secure any debts due to it
for a longer period than five years.

No person, &c.,                    Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That the total liabilities to any
to be liable to                association, of any person, or of any company, corporation, or firm for
association for             money borrowed, including in the liabilities of a company or firm the
more than, &c.              liabilities of the several members thereof, shall at no time exceed one
tenth part of the amount of the capital stock of such association actually
             paid in : Provided, That the discount of bona fide bills of exchange
Certain dis-                 drawn against actually existing values, and the discount of commercial or
counts not to b             business paper actually owned by the person or persons, corporation, or
included.                       firm negotiating the same shall not be considered as money borrowed.

Rate of inter-              Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That every association may take,
est.                                receive, reserve, and charge on any loan or discount made, or upon any
note, bill of exchange, or other evidences of debt, interest at the rate
allowed by the laws of the state or territory where the bank is located,
 and no more, except that where by the laws of any state a different rate
is limited for banks of issue organized under state laws, the rate so limited
shall be allowed for associations organized in any such state under this act.
And when no rate is fixed by the laws of the state or territory, the bank
may take, receive, reserve, or charge a rate not exceeding seven per
centum, and such interest may be taken in advance, reckoning the days
for which the note, bill, or other evidence of debt has to run. And the
Penatly for                      knowingly taking, receiving, reserving, or charging a rate of interest
taking greater                 greater than aforesaid shall be held and adjudged a forfeiture of the entire
interest.                            interest which the note, bill, or other evidence of debt carries with it, or
which has been agreed to be paid thereon. And in case a greater rate of
interest has been paid, the person or persons paying the same, or their
legal representatives, may recover back, in any action of debt, twice the
amount of the interest thus paid from the association taking or receiving
the same : Providd, That such action is commenced within two years
                     from the time the usurious transaction occurred. But the purchase, dis-
Action to be                 count, or sale of a bona fide bill of exchange, payable at another place
commenced in              than the place of such purchase, discount, or sale, at not more than the
two years.                       current rate of exchange for sight drafts in addition to the interest, shall
                            not be considered as taking or receiving a greater rate of interest.

Amount of                  SEC. 31. And be it further enacted, That every association in the
money to be               cities hereinafter named shall, at all times, have on hand, in lawful money
kept on hand.            of the United States, an amount equal to at least twenty-five per centum
                           of the aggregate amount of its notes in circulation and its deposits ; and
every other association shall, at all times, have on hand, in lawful money
of the United States, an amount equal to at least fifteen per centum of
the aggregate amount of its notes in circulation, and of its deposits. And
whenever the lawful money of any association in any of the cities here-
inafter named shall be below the amount of twenty-five per centum of its
circulation and deposits, and whenever the lawful money of any other
association shall be below fifteen per centum of its circulation and de-
Liabilities not             posits, such associations shall not increase its liabilities by making any
to be increased          new loans or discounts otherwise than by discounting or purchasing bills
until reserve is             of exchange payable at sight, nor make any dividend of its profits until
made good.
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864. 109


the required proportion between the aggregate amount of its outstanding notes of circulation and deposits and its lawful money of the United States shall be restored: Provided, That three fifths of said fifteen per centum may consist of balances due to an association available for the redemption of its circulating notes from associations approved by the comptroller of the currency, organized under this act, in the cities of Saint Louis, Louisville, Chicago, Detroit, Milwaukie, New Orleans, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Pittsburg, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Boston, New York, Albany, Leavenworth, San Francisco, and Washington City: Provided, also, That clearing-house certificates, representing specie or lawful money specially deposited for the purpose of any clearing-house association, shall be deemed to be lawful money in the possession of any association belonging to such clearing-house holding and owning such certificate, and shall be considered to be a part of the lawful money which such association is required to have under the foregoing provisions of this section: Provided, That the cities of Charleston and Richmond may be added to the list of cities in the national associations of which other associations may keep three fifths of their lawful money, whenever, in the opinion of the comptroller of the currency, the condition of the southern states will warrant it. And it shall be competent for the comptroller of the currency to notify any association, whose lawful money reserve as aforesaid shall be below the amount to be kept on hand as aforesaid, to make good such reserve; and if such association shall fail for thirty days thereafter so to make good its reserve of lawful money of the United States, the comptroller may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Treasury, appoint a receiver to wind up the business of such association, as provided in this act.

SEC. 32. And be it further enacted, That each association organized in any of the cities named in the foregoing section shall select, subject to the approval of the comptroller of the currency, an association in the city of New York, at which it will redeem its circulating notes at par. And each of such associations may keep one half of its lawful money reserve in cash deposits in the city of New York. And each association not organized within the cities named in the preceding section shall select, subject to the approval of the comptroller of the currency, an association in either of the cities named in the preceding section at which it will redeem its circulating notes at par; and the comptroller shall give public notice of the names of the associations so selected at which redemptions are to be made by the respective associations, and of any change that may be made of the association at which the notes of any association are redeemed. If any association shall fail either to make the selection or to redeem its notes as aforesaid, the comptroller of the currency may, upon receiving satisfactory evidence thereof, appoint a receiver, in the manner provided for in this act, to wind up its affairs: Provided, That nothing in this section shall relieve any association from its liability to redeem its circulating notes at its own counter, at par, in lawful money, on demand: And provided, further, That every association formed or existing under the provisions of this act shall take and receive at par, for any debt or liability to said association, any and all notes or bills issued by any association existing under and by virtue of this act.

SEC. 33. And be it further enacted, That the directors of any association may, semi-annually, each year, declare a dividend of so much of the net profits of the association as they shall judge expedient; but each association shall, before the declaration of a dividend, carry one tenth part of its net profits of the preceding half year to its surplus fund until the same shall amount to twenty per centum of its capital stock.

SEC. 34. And be it further enacted, That every association shall make to the comptroller of the currency a report, according to the form which may be prescribed by him, verified by the oath or affirmation of the pres-
110 THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. CH. 106. 1864.

ident or cashier of such association; which report shall exhibit in detail, and under appropriate heads, the resources and liabilities of the association before the commencement of business on the morning of the first Monday of the months of January, April, July, and October of each year, and shall transmit the same to the comptroller within five days thereafter. And any bank failing to make aid transmit such report shall be subject to a penalty of one hundred dollars for each day after five days that such report is delayed beyond that time. And the comptroller shall publish abstracts of said reports in a newspaper to be designated by him for that purpose in the city of Washington, and the separate report of each association shall be published in a newspaper in the place where such association is established, or if there be no newspaper at such place, then in a newspaper published at the nearest place thereto, at the expense of the association making such report. In addition to the quarterly reports required by this section, every association shall, on the first Tuesday of each month, make to the comptroller of the currency a statement, under the oath of the president or cashier, showing the condition of the association making such statement, on the morning of the day next preceding the date of such statement, in respect to the following items and particulars, to wit: average amount of loans and discounts, specie, and other lawful money belonging to the association, deposits, and circulation. And associations in other places than those cities named in the thirty-first section of this act shall also return the amount due them available for the redemption of their circulation.

SEC. 35. And be it further enacted, That no association shall make any loan or discount on the security of the shares of its own capital stock, nor be the purchaser or holder of any such shares, unless such security or purchase shall be necessary to prevent loss upon a debt previously contracted in good faith; and stock so purchased or acquired shall, within six months from the time of its purchase, be sold or disposed of at public or private sale, in default of which a receiver may be appointed to close up the business of the association, according to the provisions of this act.

SEC. 36. And be it further enacted, That no association shall at any time be indebted, or in any way liable, to an amount exceeding the amount of its capital stock at such time actually paid in and remaining undiminished by losses or otherwise, except on the following accounts, that is to say: —

First. On account of its notes of circulation.

Second. On account of moneys deposited with, or collected by, such association.

Third. On account of bills of exchange or drafts drawn against money actually on deposit to the credit of such association, or due thereto.

Fourth. On account of liabilities to its stockholders for dividends and reserved profits.

SEC. 37. And be it further enacted, That no association shall, either directly or indirectly, pledge or hypothecate any of its notes of circulation, for the purpose of procuring money to be paid in on its capital stock, or to be used in its banking operations, or otherwise; nor shall any association use its circulating notes, or any part thereof, in any manner or form, to create or increase its capital stock.

SEC. 38. And be it further enacted, That no association, or any member thereof, shall, during the time it shall continue its banking operations, withdraw, or permit to be withdrawn, either in form of dividends or otherwise, any portion of its capital. And if losses shall at any time have been sustained by any such association equal to or exceeding its undivided profits then on hand, no dividend shall be made; and no dividend shall ever be made by any association, while it shall continue its banking operations, to an amount greater than its nett profits then on hand, deducting therefrom its losses and bad debts. And all debts due to any
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. SESS. I. CH. 106. 1864. 111

association, on which interest is past due and unpaid for a period of six months, unless the same shall be well secured, and shall be in process of collection, shall be considered bad debts within the meaning of this act: Provided, That nothing in this section shall prevent the reduction of the capital stock of the association under the thirteenth section of this act.

SEC. 39. And be it further enacted, That no association shall at any time pay out on loans or discounts, or in purchasing drafts or bills of exchange, or in payment of deposits, or in any other mode pay or put in circulation the notes of any bank or banking association which shall not, at any such time, be receivable, at par, on deposit and in payment of debts by the association so paying out or circulating such notes; nor shall it knowingly pay out or put in circulation any notes issued by any bank or banking association which at the time of such paying out or putting in circulation is not redeeming its circulating notes in lawful money of the United States.

SEC. 40. And be it further enacted, That the president and cashier of every such association shall cause to be kept at all times a full and correct list of the names and residences of all the shareholders in the association, and the number of shares held by each, in the office where its business is transacted; and such list shall be subject to the inspection of all the shareholders and creditors of the association, and the officers authorized to assess taxes under state authority, during business hours of each day in which business may be legally transacted; and a copy of such list, on the first Monday of July in each year, verified by the oath of such president or cashier, shall be transmitted to the comptroller of the currency.

SEC. 41. And be it further enacted, That the plates and special dies to be procured by the comptroller of the currency for the printing of such circulating notes shall remain under his control and direction, and the expenses necessarily incurred in executing the provisions of this act respecting the procuring of such notes, and all other expenses of the bureau, shall be paid out of the proceeds of the taxes or duties now or hereafter to be assessed on the circulation, and collected from associations organized under this act. And in lieu of all existing taxes, every association shall pay to the treasurer of the United States, in the months of January and July, a duty of one half of one per centum each half year from and after the first day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, upon the average amount of its notes in circulation, and a duty of one quarter of one per centum each half year upon the average amount of its deposits, and a duty of one quarter of one per centum each half year, as aforesaid, on the average amount of its capital stock beyond the amount invested in United States bonds; and in case of default in the payment thereof by any association, the duties aforesaid may be collected in the manner provided for the collection of United States duties of other corporations, or the treasurer may reserve the amount of said duties out of the interest, as it may become due, on the bonds deposited with him by such defaulting association. And it shall be the duty of each association, within ten days from the first days of January and July of each year, to make a return, under the oath of its president or cashier, to the treasurer of the United States, in such form as he may prescribe, of the average amount of its notes in circulation, and of the average amount of its deposits, and of the average amount of its capital stock, beyond the amount invested in United States bonds, for the six months next preceding said first days of January and July as aforesaid, and in default of such return, and for each default thereof, each defaulting association shall forfeit and pay to the United States the sum of two hundred dollars, to be collected either out of the interest as it may become due such association on the bonds deposited with the treasurer, or, at his opinion, in the manner in which penalties are to be collected of other corporations under the laws of the United States; and in case of such default the amount of the duties to be
112           THIRTY EIGHTH CONGRESS.       SESS. I.  Cn. 106.    1864.

paid by such association shall be assessed upon the amount of notes delivered to such association by the comptroller of the currency, and upon the highest amount of its deposits and capital stock, to be ascertained in such manner as the treasurer may deem best: Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed to prevent all the shares in any of the said 
Shares not associations, held by any person or body corporate, from being included 
hereby exempted in the valuation of the personal property of such person or corporation in
from taxation by the assessment of taxes imposed by or under state authority at the place 
state authority. where such bank is located, and not elsewhere, but not at a greater rate 
than is assessed upon other moneyed capital in the hands of individual 
citizens of such state: Provided, further, That the tax so imposed under 
Limit of state the laws of any state upon the shares of any of the associations authorized 
tax. by this act shall not exceed the rate imposed upon the shares in any of the banks organized under authority of the state where such association 
Real estate to is located: Provided, also, That nothing in this act shall exempt the real 
be taxed. estate of associations from either state, county, or municipal taxes to the 
same extent, according to its value, as other real estate is taxed. 
How associa- SEC. 42. And be it further enacted, That any association may go 
tions may be into liquidation and be closed by the vote of its shareholders owning two 
closed. thirds of its stock. And whenever such vote shall be taken it shall be 
the duty of the board of directors to cause notice of this fact to be certified, under the seal of the association, by its president or cashier, to the 
comptroller of the currency, and publication thereof to be made for a 
period of two months in a newspaper published in the city of New York,
and also in a newspaper published in a city or town in which the associa- 
tion is located, and if no newspaper be there published, then in the news- 
paper published nearest thereto, that said association is closing up its 
affairs, and notifying the holders of its notes and other creditors to present 
the notes and other claims against the association for payment. And at 
Proceedings. any time after the expiration of one year from the time of the publication of such notice as aforesaid, the said association may pay over to the treasurer of the United States the amount of its outstanding notes in the lawful money of the United States, and take up the bonds which said association has on deposit with the treasurer for the security of its circulating notes; which bonds shall be assigned to the bank in the manner specified in the nineteenth section of this act, and from that time the outstanding notes of said association shall be redeemed at the treasury of the United States, and the said association and the shareholders thereof 
shall be discharged from all liabilities therefor. 
Treasurer to SEC. 43. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer, on receiving 
execute duplicate from an association lawful money for the payment and redemption of its 
receipts. outstanding notes, as provided for in the preceding section of this act, shall execute duplicate receipts therefor, one to the association and the 
other to the comptroller of the currency, stating the amount received by 
him, and the purpose for which it has been received, which amount shall 
be paid into the treasury of the United States, and placed to the credit 
of such association upon redemption account. And it shall be the duty 
Redeemed of the treasurer, whenever he shall redeem any of the notes of said asso- 
notes to be mu- ciation, to cause the same to be mutilated, and charged to the redemption 
tilated, &c. account of said association; and all notes so redeemed by the treasurer shall, every three months, be certified to and burned in the manner pre- 
scribed in the twenty-fourth section of this act. 
State banks SEC. 44. And be it further enacted, That any bank incorporated by 
may become na- special law, or any banking institution organized under a general law of 
tional associa- any state, may, by authority of this act, become a national association 
tions. under its provisions, by the name prescribed in its organization certificate; and in such case the articles of association and the organization 
certificate required by this act may be executed by a majority of the 
directors of the bank or banking institution; and said certificate shall de-
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. SESS. I. CH. 106. 1864. 113
clare that the owners of two thirds of the capital stock have authorised the directors to make such certificate and to change and convert the said bank or banking institution into a national association under this act. Mode of pro- And a majority of the directors, after executing said articles of associa- cedure. tion and organization certificate, shall have power to execute all other papers, and to do whatever may be required to make its organization perfect and complete as a national association. The shares of any such bank may continue to be for the same amount each as they were before said conversion, and the directors aforesaid may be the directors of the association until others are elected or appointed in accordance with the provisions of this act; and any state bank which is a stockholder in any other bank, by authority of state laws, may continue to hold its stock, although either bank, or both, may be organized under and have accepted the provisions of this act. When the comptroller shall give to such association a certificate, under his hand and official seal, that the pro- visions of this act have been complied with, and that it is authorized to commence the business of banking under it, the association shall have the same powers and privileges, and shall be subject to the same duties, responsibilities, and rules, in all respects as are prescribed in this act for other associations organized under it, and shall be held and regarded as an association under this act: Provided, however, That no such associa- tion shall have a less capital than the amount prescribed for banking associations under this act.
SEC. 45. And be it further enacted, That all associations under this act, when designated for that purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be depositaries of public money, except receipts from customs, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary; and they may be employed as financial agents of the government; and they shall also perform all such reasonable duties, as depositaries of public moneys and financial agents of the government, as may be required of them. And the Secretary of the Treasury shall require of the associations thus designated satisfactory security, by the deposit of United States bonds and otherwise, for the safe-keeping and prompt payment of the public. money deposited with them, and for the faithful performance of their duties as financial agents of the government: Provided, That every Association which shall be selected and designated as receiver or deposi- tary of the public money shall take and receive at par all of the national currency bills, by whatever association issued, which have been paid in to the government for internal revenue, or for loans or stocks.
SEC. 46. And be it further enacted, That if any such association shall at any time fail to redeem, in the lawful money of the United States, any of its circulating notes, when payment thereof shall be lawfully demanded, during the usual hours of business, at the office of such association, or at its place of redemption aforesaid, the holder may cause the same to be protested, in one package, by a notary-public, unless the president or cashier of the association whose notes are presented for payment, or the president or cashier of the association at the place at which they are redeemable, shall offer to waive demand and notice of the protest, and shall, in pursuance of such offer, make, sign, and deliver to the party making such demand an admission in writing, stating the time of the demand, the amount demanded, and the fact of the non-payment thereof; and such notary-public, on making such protest, or upon receiving such admission, shall forthwith forward such admission or notice of protest to the comptroller of the currency, retaining a copy thereof. And after such default, on examination of the facts by the comptroller, and notice by him to the association, it shall not be lawful for the association suffering the same to pay out any of its notes, discount any notes or bills, or otherwise prosecute the business of banking, except to receive and safely keep money belonging to it, and to deliver special deposites: Provided, That if 10*

Notes not to be protested in certain cases.

Fees of notary.

Upon notice of failure to redeem circulation, comptroller to send special agent to ascertain facts.

when to declare securities forfeited,

to notify holders of notes to present them for payment,

to pay notes and cancel bonds.

The United States to have priority of lien upon assets for any deficiency in redemption or circulation.

Bonds pledged as security may be sold at auction;

or at private sale.

satisfactory proof be produced to such notary-public that the payment of any such notes is restrained by order of any court of competent jurisdiction, such notary-public shall not protest the same; and when the holder of such notes shall cause more than one note or package to be protested on the same day, he shall not receive pay for more than one protest.

Sec. 47. And be it further enacted, That on receiving notice that any such association has failed to redeem any of its circulating notes, as specified in the next preceding section, the comptroller of the currency, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Treasury, may appoint a special agent (of whose appointment immediate notice shall be given to such association) who shall immediately proceed to ascertain whether such association has refused to pay its circulating notes in the lawful money of the United States, when demanded as aforesaid, and report to the comptroller the fact so ascertained; and if, from such protest or the report so made, the comptroller shall be satisfied that such association has refused to pay its circulating notes as aforesaid and is in default, he shall, within thirty days after he shall have received notice of such failure, declare the United States bonds and securities pledged by such association forfeited to the United States, and the same shall thereupon be forfeited accordingly. And thereupon the comptroller shall immediately give notice in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by general rules or otherwise, direct, to the holders of the circulating notes of such association to present them for payment at the treasury of the United States, and the same shall be paid as presented in lawful money of the United States; whereupon said comptroller may, in his discretion, cancel an amount of bonds pledged by such association equal at current market rates, not exceeding par, to the notes paid. And it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, from time to time, to make such regulations respecting the disposition to be made of such circulating notes after presentation thereof for payment as aforesaid, and respecting the perpetuation of the evidence of the payment thereof as may seem to him proper; but all such notes, on being paid, shall be cancelled. And for any deficiency in the proceeds of the bonds pledged by such association, when disposed of as hereinafter specified, to reimburse to the United States the amount so expended in paying the circulating notes of such association, the United States shall have a first and paramount lien upon all the assets of such association; and such deficiency shall be made good out of such assets in preference to any and all other claims whatsoever, except the necessary costs and expenses of administering the same.

Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That whenever the comptroller shall become satisfied, as in the last preceding section specified, that any association has refused to pay its circulating notes as therein mentioned, he may, instead of cancelling the United States bonds pledged by such association, as provided in the next preceding section, cause so much of them as may be necessary to redeem the outstanding circulating notes of such association to be sold at public auction in the city of New York, after giving thirty days' notice of such sale to such association.

Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That the comptroller of the currency may, if he shall be of opinion that the interests of the United States will be best promoted thereby, sell at private sale any of the bonds pledged by such association, and receive therefor either money or the circulating notes of such failing association: Provided, That no such bonds shall be sold by private sale for less than par, nor less than the market value thereof at the time of sale: And provided, further, That no sales of any such bonds, either public or private, shall be complete until the transfer thereof shall have been made with the formalities prescribed in this act.

Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That on becoming satisfied, as specified in this act, that any association has refused to pay its circulating
notes as therein mentioned, and is in default, the comptroller of the currency may forthwith appoint a receiver, and require of him such bond and security as he shall deem proper, who, under the direction of the comptroller, shall take possession of the books, records, and assets of every description of such association, collect all debts, dues, and claims belonging to such association, and, upon the order of a court of record of competent jurisdiction, may sell or compound all bad or doubtful debts, and, on a like order, sell all the real and personal property of such association, on such terms as the court shall direct; and may, if necessary to pay the debts of such association, enforce the individual liability of the stockholders provided for by the twelfth section of this act; and such receiver shall pay over all money so made to the treasurer of the United States, subject to the order of the comptroller of the currency, and also make report to the comptroller of the currency of all his acts and proceedings. The comptroller shall thereupon cause notice to be given, by advertisement in such newspapers as he may direct, for three consecutive months, calling on all persons who may have claims against such association to present the same, and to make legal proof thereof. And from time to time the comptroller, after full provision shall have been first made for refunding to the United States any such deficiency in redeeming the notes of such association as is mentioned in this act, shall make a ratable dividend of the money so paid over to him by such receiver on all such claims as may have been proved to his satisfaction or adjudicated in a court of competent jurisdiction; and from time to time, as the proceeds of the assets of such association shall be paid over to him, he shall make further dividends, as aforesaid, on all claims previously proved or adjudicated; and the remainder of such proceeds, if any, shall be paid over to the shareholders of such association, or their legal representatives, in proportion to the stock by them respectively held: Provided, however, That if such association against which proceedings have been so instituted, on account of any alleged refusal to redeem its circulating notes as aforesaid, shall deny having failed to do so, such association may, at any time within ten days after such association shall have been notified of the appointment of an agent, as provided in this act, apply to the nearest circuit, or district, or territorial court of the United States, to enjoin further proceedings in the premises; and such court, after citing the comptroller of the currency to show cause why further proceedings should not be enjoined, and after the decision of the court or finding of a jury that such association has not refused to redeem its circulating notes, when legally presented, in the lawful money of the United States, shall make an order enjoining the comptroller, and any receiver acting under his direction, from all further proceedings on account of such alleged refusal.

Sec. 51. And be it further enacted, That all fees for protesting the notes issued by any such banking association shall be paid by the person procuring the protest to be made, and such banking association shall be liable therefor; but no part of the bonds pledged by such banking association, as aforesaid, shall be applied to the payment of such fees. And all expenses of any preliminary or other examinations into the condition of any association shall be paid by such association; and all expenses of any receivership shall be paid out of the assets of such association before distribution of the proceeds thereof.

Sec. 52. And be it further enacted, That all transfer of the notes, bonds, bills of exchange, and other evidences of debt owing to any association, or of deposits to its credit; all assignments of mortgages, sureties on real estate, or of judgments or decrees in its favor; all deposits of money, bullion, or other valuable thing for its use, or for the use of any of its shareholders or creditors; and all payments of money to either, made after the commission of an act of insolvency, or in contemplation
116             THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Cn. 106. 1864.

thereof, with a view to prevent the application of its assets in the manner prescribed by this act, or with a view to the preference of one creditor to another, except in payment of its circulating notes, shall be utterly null and void.

SEC. 53. And be it further enacted, That if the directors of any association shall knowingly violate, or knowingly permit any of the officers, agents, or servants of the association to violate any of the provisions of this act, all the rights, privileges, and franchises of the association derived from this act shall be thereby forfeited. Such violation shall, however, be determined and adjudged by a proper circuit, district, or territorial court of the United States, in a suit brought for that purpose by the comptroller of the currency, in his own name, before the association shall be declared dissolved. And in cases of such violation, every director who participated in or assented to the same shall be held liable in his personal and individual capacity for all damages which the association, its shareholders, or any other person, shall have sustained in consequence of such violation.

SEC. 54. And be it further enacted, That the comptroller of the currency, with the approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury, as often as shall be deemed necessary or proper, shall appoint a suitable person or persons to make an examination of the affairs of every banking association, which person shall not be a director or other officer in any association whose affairs he shall be appointed to examine, and who shall have power to make a thorough examination into all the affairs of the association, and, in doing so, to examine any of the officers and agents thereof on oath; and shall make a full and detailed report of the condition of the association to the comptroller. And the association shall not be subject to any other visitorial powers than such as are authorized by this act, except such as are vested in the several courts of law and chancery. And every person appointed to make such examination shall receive for his services at the rate of five dollars for each day by him employed in such examination, and two dollars for every twenty-five miles he shall necessarily travel in the performance of his duty, which shall be paid by the association by him examined.

SEC. 55. And be it further enacted, That every president, director, cashier, teller, clerk, or agent of any association, who shall embezzle, abstract, or wilfully misapply any of the moneys, funds, or credits of the association, or shall, without authority from the directors, issue or put in circulation any of the notes of the association, or shall, without such authority, issue or put forth any certificate of deposit, draw any order or bill of exchange, make any acceptance, assign any note, bond, draft, bill of exchange, mortgage, judgment, or decree, or shall make any false entry in any book, report, or statement of the association, with intent, in either case, to injure or defraud the association or any other company, body politic or corporate, or any individual person, or to deceive any officer of the association, or any agent appointed to examine the affairs of any such association, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by imprisonment not less than five nor more than ten years.

SEC. 56. And be it further enacted, That all suits and proceedings arising out of the provisions of this act, in which the United States or its officers or agents shall be parties, shall be conducted by the district-attorneys of the several districts, under the direction and supervision of the solicitor of the treasury.

SEC. 57. And be it further enacted, That suits, actions, and proceedings, against any association under this act, may be had in any circuit, district, or territorial court of the United States held within the district in which such association may be established; or in any state, county, or municipal court in the county or city in which said association is located,
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.                         117

having jurisdiction in similar cases: Provided, however, That all proceedings to enjoin the comptroller under this act shall be had in a circuit, district, or territorial court of the United States, held in the district in which the association is located.
    SEC. 58. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall mutilate, cut, deface, disfigure, or perforate with holes, or shall untie or cement together, or do any other thing to any bank bill, draft, note, or other evidence of debt, issued by any such association, or shall cause or procure the same to be done, with intent to render such bank bill, draft, note, or other evidence of debt unfit to be reissued by said association, shall, upon conviction, forfeit fifty dollars to the association who shall be injured thereby, to be recovered by action in any court having jurisdiction. 
    SEC. 59. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting, any note in imitation of, or purporting to be in imitation of, the circulating notes issued under the provisions of this act, or shall pass, utter, or publish, or attempt to pass, utter, or publish, any false, forged, or counterfeited note, purporting to be issued by any association doing a banking business under the provisions of this act, knowing the same to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall falsely alter, or cause or procure to be falsely altered, or willingly aid or assist in falsely altering, any such circulating notes, issued as aforesaid, or shall pass, utter, or publish, or attempt to pass, utter, or publish, as true, any falsely altered or spurious circulating note issued, or purporting to have been issued, as aforesaid, knowing the same to be falsely altered or spurious, every such person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and being thereof convicted by due course of law shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a period of not less than five years, nor more than fifteen years, and fined in a sum not exceeding one thousand dollars. 
    SEC. 60. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall make or engrave, or cause or procure to be made or engraved, or shall have in his custody or possession any plate, die, or block after the similitude of any plate, die, or block from which any circulating notes issued as aforesaid shall have been prepared or printed, with intent to use such plate, die, or block, or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issued as aforesaid, or shall have in his custody or possession any blank note or notes engraved and printed after the similitude of any notes issued as aforesaid, with intent to use such blanks, or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issued as aforesaid, or shall have in his custody or possession any paper adapted to the making of such notes, and similar to the paper upon which any such notes shall have been issued, with intent to use such paper, or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issued as aforesaid, every such person, being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labor for a term not less than five or more than fifteen years, and fined in a sum not exceeding one thousand dollars.
    SEC. 61. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the comptroller of the currency to report annually to congress at the commencement of its session—
    First. A summary of the state and condition of every association from whom reports have been received the preceding year, at the several dates to which such reports refer, with an abstract of the whole amount of banking capital returned by them, of the whole amount of their debts and liabilities, the amount of circulating notes outstanding, and the total amount of means and resources, specifying the amount of lawful money held by them at the times of their several returns, and such other in-
118                        THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. SESS. I. CH. 106, 107. 1864.

formation in relation to said associations as, in his judgment, may be useful.
   Second. A statement of the associations whose business has been closed during the year, with the amount of their circulation redeemed and the amount outstanding.
   Third. Any amendment to the laws relative to banking by which the system may be improved, and the security of the holders of its notes and other creditors may be increased.
   Fourth. The names and compensation of the clerks employed by him, and the whole amount of the expenses of the banking department during the year. And such report shall be made by or before the first day of December in each year, and the usual number of copies for the use of the senate and house, and one thousand copies for the use of the department, shall be printed by the public printer and in readiness for distribution at the first meeting of congress.
   SEC. 62. And be it further enacted, That the act entitled "An act to provide a national currency, secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and to provide for the circulation and redemption thereof," approved February twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, is hereby repealed: Provided, That such repeal shall not affect any appointments made, acts done, or proceedings had, or the organization, acts, or proceedings of any association organized or in the process of organization under the act aforesaid : And provided, also, That all such associations so organized or in process of organization shall enjoy all the rights and privileges granted, and be subject to all the duties, liabilities, and restric- tions imposed by this act, and with the approval of the comptroller of the currency, in lieu of the name specified in their respective organiza- tion certificates, may take any other name preferred by them and duly certified to the comptroller, without prejudice to any right acquired under this act, or under the act hereby repealed; but no such change shall be made after six months from the passage of this act: Provided, also, That the circulation issued or to be issued by such association shall be considered as a part of the circulation provided for in this act.
   SEC. 63. And be it further enacted, That persons holding stock as executors, administrators, guardians, and trustees, shall not be personally subject to any liabilities as stockholders; but the estates and funds in their hands shall be liable in like manner and to the same extent as the testator, intestate, ward, or person interested in said trust-funds would be if they were respectively living and competent to act and hold the stock in their own names.
   SEC. 64. And be it further enacted, That congress may at any time amend, alter, or repeal this act.
   Approved, June 3, 1864.

