and installations appropriate for the educational functions of such facilities;
(5) include such other conditions as the Secretary, after consul­tation with the National Advisory Committee on Education of the Deaf, deems necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act; and
(6) provide that any laborer or mechanic employed by any con­tractor or subcontractor in the performance of work on any con­struction aided by Federal funds appropriated for the benefit of the model secondary school will be paid wages at rates not less than those prevailing on similar construction in the locality as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with the Davis-Bacon Act, as amended (40 U.S.C. 276a-276a-5) ; and the Secretary of Labor shall have, with respect to the labor standards specified in this paragraph, the authority and functions set forth in Reorganization Plan Numbered 14 of 1950 (15 F.R. 3176; 5 U.S.C. 133z-15) and section 2 of the Act of June 13, 1934, as amended (40 U.S.C. 276c).
(c) The Secretary shall submit the annual report of the college (required by clause (3) of subsection (b) ) to the Congress with such comments and recommendations as he may deem appropriate.

Approved October 15, 1966.

Public Law 89-695
October 16, 1966 
[S. 3158]
Financial Institutions Super­visory Act of 1966.

AN ACT
To strengthen the regulatory and supervisory authority of Federal agencies over insured banks and insured savings and loan associations, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That this Act may be cited as the “Financial Institutions Supervisory Act of 1966”.

TITLE I—PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK BOARD AND THE FEDERAL SAV­INGS AND LOAN INSURANCE CORPORATION

SEC. 101. (a) Subsection (d) of section 5 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(d)) is hereby amended to read as follows:
68 Stat. 634.
“ (d) (1) The Board shall have power to enforce this section and rules and regulations made hereunder. In the enforcement of any provision of this section or rules and regulations made hereunder, or any other law or regulation, or in any other action, suit, or proceeding to which it is a party or in which it is interested, and in the admin­istration of conservatorships and receiverships, the Board is author­
ized to act in its own name and through its own attorneys. Except 
as otherwise provided herein, the Board shall be subject to suit (other 
than suits on claims for money damages by any Federal savings and 
loan association or director or officer thereof with respect to any 
matter under this section or any other applicable law, or rules or 
regulations thereunder, in the United States district court for the 
judicial district in which the home office of the association is located, 
or in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, 
and the Board may be served with process in the manner prescribed 
by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 
"(2) (A) If, in the opinion of the Board, an association is violating 
or has violated, or the Board has reasonable cause to believe that the 
association is about to violate, a law, rule, regulation, or charter or 
other condition imposed in writing by the Board in connection with 
the granting of any application or other request by the association, or 
written agreement entered into with the Board, or is engaging or has 
engaged, or the Board has reasonable cause to believe that the associa- 
tion is about to engage, in an unsafe or unsound practice, the Board 
may issue and serve upon the association a notice of charges in respect 
thereof. The notice shall contain a statement of the facts constituting 
the alleged violation or violations or the unsafe or unsound practice or 
practices, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held 
to determine whether an order to cease and desist therefrom should 
issue against the association. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date 
not earlier than thirty days nor later than sixty days after service of 
such notice unless an earlier or a later date is set by the Board at the 
request of the association. Unless the association shall appear at the 
hearing by a duly authorized representative, it shall be deemed to have 
consented to the issuance of the cease-and-desist order. In the event of 
such consent, or if upon the record made at any such hearing the Board 
shall find that any violation or unsafe or unsound practice specified 
in the notice of charges has been established, the Board may issue and 
serve upon the association an order to cease and desist from any such 
violation or practice. Such order may, by provisions which may be 
mandatory or otherwise, require the association and its directors, offi- 
cers, employees, and agents to cease and desist from the same, and, fur- 
ther, to take affirmative action to correct the conditions resulting from 
any such violation or practice. 
"(B) A cease-and-desist order shall become effective at the expira- 
tion of thirty days after service of such order upon the association con- 
cerned (except in the case of a cease-and-desist order issued upon con- 
sent, which shall become effective at the time specified therein), and 
shall remain effective and enforceable, except to such extent as it is 
stayed, modified, terminated, or set aside by action of the Board or a 
reviewing court. 
                              (3) (A) Whenever the Board shall determine that the violation                                 or threatened violation or the unsafe or unsound practice or practices,     Temporary          specified in the notice of charges served upon the association pursuant cease-and-desist       to paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection, or the continuation thereof, 
     orders.             is likely to cause insolvency (as defined in paragraph (6) (A) (i) of this subsection) or substantial dissipation of assets or earnings of the association, or is likely to otherwise seriously prejudice the interests of its savings account holders, the Board may issue a temporary order requiring the association to cease and desist from any such violation or practice. Such order shall become effective upon service upon the association and, unless set aside, limited, or suspended by a court in proceedings authorized by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, shall remain effective and enforceable pending the completion of the admin-istrative proceedings pursuant to such notice and until such time as the Board shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice or, if a cease-and-desist order is issued against the association, until the effective date of any such order.
                        "(B) Within ten days after the association concerned has been served with a temporary cease-and-desist order, the association may apply to the United States district court for the judicial district in which the home office of the association is located, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for an injunction setting aside, limiting, or suspending the enforcement, operation, or effective-ness of such order pending the completion of the administrative pro-ceedings pursuant to the notice of charges served upon the association under paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection, and such court shall have jurisdiction to issue such injunction.
                         "(C) In the case of violation or threatened violation of, or failure      Removal of           to obey, a temporary cease-and-desist order, the Board may apply to director or           the United States district court, or the United States court of any ter- officer.                    ritory, within the jurisdiction of which the home office of the associa-tion is located, for an injunction to enforce such order, and, if the court shall determine that there has been such violation or threatened violation or failure to obey, it shall be the duty of the court to issue such injunction.
                         "(4) (A) Whenever, in the opinion of the Board, any director or officer of an association has committed any violation of law, rule, or regulation, or of a cease-and-desist order which has become final, or has engaged or participated in any unsafe or unsound practice in con-nection with the association, or has committed or engaged in any act, omission, or practice which constitutes a breach of his fudunciary duty as such director or officer, and the Board determines that the associa-tion has suffered or will probably suffer substantial financial loss or other damage or that the interests of its savings account holders could be seriously prejudiced by reason of such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty, and that such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty is one involving personal dishonesty on the part of such director or officer, the Board may serve upon such director or offi-cer a written notice of its intention to remove him from office.
80 Stat.]

PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966	

1031

“(B) Whenever, in the opinion of the Board, any director or officer of an association, by conduct or practice with respect to another savings and loan association or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to continue as a director or officer, and, whenever, in the opinion of the Board, any other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of an association, by conduct or practice with respect to such association or other savings and loan association or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to participate in the conduct of the affairs of such association, the Board may serve upon such director, officer, or other person a written notice of its intention to remove him from office and/or to prohibit his further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of such association.

“(C) In respect to any director or officer of an association or any other person referred to in subparagraph (A) or (B) of this paragraph, the Board may, if it deems it necessary for the protection of the association or the interests of its savings account holders, by written notice to such effect served upon such director, officer, or other person, suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the association. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall become effective upon service of such notice and, unless stayed by a court in proceedings authorized by subparagraph (E) of this paragraph, shall remain in effect pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served under subparagraph (A) or (B) of this paragraph and until such time as the Board shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice, or, if an order of removal and/or prohibition is issued against the director or officer or other person, until the effective date of any such order. Copies of any such notice shall also be served upon the association of which he is a director or officer or in the conduct of whose affairs he has participated.

“(D) A notice of intention to remove a director, officer, or other person from office and/or to prohibit his participation in the conduct of the affairs of an association, shall contain a statement of the facts constituting grounds therefor, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held thereon. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty days nor later than sixty days after the date of service of such notice, unless an earlier or a later date is set by the Board at the request of (i) such director, officer, or other person, and for good cause shown, or (ii) the Attorney General of the United States. Unless such director, officer, or other person shall appear at the hearing in person or by a duly authorized representative, he shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of an order of such removal and/or prohibition. In the event of such consent, or if upon the record made at any such hearing the Board shall find that any of the grounds specified in such notice has been established, the Board may issue such orders of suspension or removal from office, and/or prohibition from participation in the conduct of the affairs of the association, as it may deem appropriate. Any such order shall become effective at the expiration of thirty days after service upon such association and the director, officer, or other person concerned (excepting in the case of an order issued upon consent, which shall become effective at the time specified therein). Such order shall remain effective and enforceable except to such extent as it is stayed, modified, terminated, or set aside by action of the Board or a reviewing court.
1032          PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966 [80 STAT.

        " (E) Within ten days after any director, officer, or other person 
                                 has been suspended from office and/or prohibited from participation
Felony con-       in the conduct of the affairs of an association under subparagraph (C) 
viction, cause of this paragraph, such director, officer, or other person may apply to 
for removal.         the United States district court for the judicial district in which the 
                                 home office of the association is located, or the United States District 
                                 Court for the District of Columbia, for a stay of such suspension and/or 
                                 prohibition pending the completion of the administrative proceedings 
                                 pursuant to the notice served upon such director, officer, or other per- 
                                 son under subparagraph (A) or (B) of this paragraph, and such court 
                                 shall have jurisdiction to stay such suspension and/or prohibition. 
        " (5) (A) Whenever any director or officer of an association, or 
                                 other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of such asso- 
                                 ciation, is charged in any information, indictment, or complaint au- 
                                 thorized by a United States Attorney, with the commission of or par- 
                                 ticipation in a felony involving dishonesty or breach of trust, the 
                                 Board may, by written notice served upon such director, officer, or 
                                 other person, suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from fur- 
                                 ther participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the 
                                 association. A copy of such notice shall also be served upon the asso- 
                                 ciation. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall remain in effect 
                                 until such information indictment or complaint is finally disposed of 
                                 or until terminated by the Board. In the event that a judgment of 
                                 conviction with respect to such offense is entered against such director, 
                                 officer, or other person, and at such time as such judgment is not sub- 
                                 ject to further appellate review, the Board may issue and serve upon 
                                 such director, officer, or other person an order removing him from 
                                 office and/or prohibiting him from further participation in any man- 
                                 ner in the conduct of the affairs of the association except with the 
                                 consent of the Board. A copy of such order shall be served upon such 
                                 association, whereupon such director or officer shall cease to be a 
                                 director or officer of such association. A finding of not guilty or 
                                 other disposition of the charge shall not preclude the Board from 
                                 thereafter instituting proceedings to remove such director, officer, or 
                                 other person from office and/or to prohibit further participation in 
                                 association affairs, pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (B) of para- 
                                 graph (4) of this subsection.
        " (B) if at any time, because of the suspension of one or more 
 "f directors pursuant to this subsection (d), there shall be on the board
 Appointment of      of directors of an association less than a quorum of directors not so 
 conservator or                    
 receiver                         suspended, all powers and functions vested in or exercisable by such 
                                 board shall vest in and be exercisable by the director or directors on 
                                 the board and not so suspended, until such time as there shall be a 
                                 quorum of the board of directors. In the event all of the directors of 
                                 an association are suspended pursuant to this subsection (d), the 
                                 Board shall appoint persons to serve temporarily as directors in their 
                                 place and stead pending the termination of such suspensions, or un- 
                                 til such time as those who have been suspended cease to be directors 
                                 of the association and their respective successors take office.
         "(6) (A) The grounds for the appointment of a conservator or re- 
                                 ceiver for an association shall be one or more of the following: (i) 
                                 insolvency in that the assets of the association are less than its obli- 
                                 gations to its creditors and others, including its members; (ii) substantial 
                                 dissipation of assets or earnings due to any violation or violations of 
                                 law, rules, or regulations, or to any unsafe or unsound practice or 
                                 practices; (iii) an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business; 
                                 (iv) willful violation of a cease-and-desist order which has become 
                                 final; (v) concealment of books, papers, records, or assets of the asso- 
                                 ciation or refusal to submit books, papers, records, or affairs of the
association for inspection to any examiner or to any lawful agent of the Board. The Board shall have exclusive power and jurisdiction to appoint a conservator or receiver. If, in the opinion of the Board, a ground for the appointment of a conservator or receiver as herein provided exists, the Board is authorized to appoint ex parte and without notice a conservator or receiver for the association. In the event of such appointment, the association may, within thirty days thereafter, bring an action in the United States district court for the judicial district in which the home office of such association is located, or in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for an order requiring the Board to remove such conservator or receiver, and the court shall upon the merits dismiss such action or direct the Board to remove such conservator or receiver. Such proceedings shall be given precedence over other cases pending in such courts, and shall be in every way expedited. Upon the commencement of such an action, the court having jurisdiction of any other action or proceeding authorized under this subsection to which the association is a party shall stay such action or proceeding during the pendency of the action for removal of the conservator or receiver.
“(B) In addition to the foregoing provisions, the Board may, without any requirement of notice, hearing, or other action, appoint a conservator or receiver for an association in the event that (i) the association, by resolution of its board of directors or of its members, consents to such appointment, or (ii) the association is removed from membership in any Federal home loan bank, or its status as an institution the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation is terminated.
“(C) Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, no court may take any action for or toward the removal of any conservator or receiver, or, except at the instance of the Board, restrain or affect the exercise of powers or functions of a conservator or receiver.
“(D) A conservator shall have all the powers of the members, the directors, and the officers of the association and shall be authorized to operate the association in its own name or to conserve its assets in the manner and to the extent authorized by the Board. The Board shall appoint only the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation as receiver for an association, and said Corporation shall have power to buy at its own sale as receiver, subject to approval by the Board. The Board may, without any requirement of notice, hearing, or other action, replace a conservator with another conservator or with a receiver, but any such replacement shall not affect any right which the association may have to obtain judicial review of the original appointment, except that any removal under this paragraph (6) shall be removal of the conservator or receiver in office at the time of such removal.
“(7) (A) Any hearing provided for in this subsection (d) shall be held in the Federal judicial district or in the territory in which the home office of the association is located unless the party afforded the hearing consents to another place, and shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5 of title 5 of the United States Code. Such hearing shall be private, unless the Board, in its discretion, after fully considering the views of the party afforded the hearing, determines that a public hearing is necessary to protect the public interest. After such hearing, and within ninety days after the Board has notified the parties that the case has been submitted to it for final decision, the Board shall render its decision (which shall include findings of fact upon which its decision is predicated) and shall issue and cause to be served upon each party to the proceeding an order or orders consistent with the provisions of this subsection. Judicial review of any
1034           PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                    [80 STAT.

such order shall be exclusively as provided in this paragraph (7). Un-less a petition for review is timely filed in a court of appeals of the United States, as hereinafter provided in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, and thereafter until the record in the proceeding has been filed as so provided, the Board may at any time, upon such notice and in such manner as it shall deem proper, modify, terminate, or set aside any such order. Upon such filing of the record, the Board may modify, terminate, or set aside any such order with permission of the court.
72 Stat. 941.
"(B) Any party to the proceeding, or any person required by an order issued under this subsection to cease and desist from any of the violations or practices stated therein, may obtain a review of any order served pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this paragraph (other than an order issued with the consent of the association or the director or officer or other person concerned, or an order issued under paragraph (5)(A) of this subsection), by filing in the court of appeals of the United States for the circuit in which the home office of the as-sociation is located, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, within thirty days after the date of service of such order, a written petition praying that the order of the Board be modified, terminated, or set aside. A copy of such petition shall be forthwith transmitted by the clerk of the court to the Board, and thereupon the Board shall file in the court the record in the proceeding, as provided in section 2112 of title 28 of the United States Code. Upon the filing of such petition, such court shall have jurisdic-tion, which upon the filing of the record shall except as provided in the last sentence of said subparagraph (A) be exclusive, to affirm, modify, terminate, or set aside, in whole or in part, the order of the Board. Review of such proceedings shall be had as provided in chapter 7 of title 5 of the United States Code. The judgment and decree of the 
Ante, p. 392.
court shall be final, except that the same shall be subject to review by the Supreme Court upon certiorari as provided in section 1254 of title 28 of the United States Code.
62 Stat. 928.
"(C) The commencement of proceedings for judicial review under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph shall not, unless specifically ordered by the court, operate as a stay of any order issued by the Board.
Enforcement of orders.
"(8) The Board may in its discretion apply to the United States district court, or the United States court of any territory, within the jurisdiction of which the home office of the association is located, for the enforcement of any effective and outstanding notice or order issued by the Board under this subsection (d), and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith; but except as otherwise provided in this subsection no court shall have jurisdiction to affect by injunction or otherwise the issuance or enforcement of any notice or order under this subsection, or to review, modify, suspend, terminate, or set aside any such notice or order. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this subsection by an association or a director or officer thereof, may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorney's fees as it deems just and proper; and such expenses and fees shall be paid by the association or from its assets.
Subpena power, etc.
"(9) In the course of or in connection with any proceeding under this subsection, the Board or any member thereof or a designated rep-resentative of the Board, including any person designated to conduct any hearing under this subsection, shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations, to take or cause to be taken depositions, and to issue, revoke, quash, or modify subpenas and subpenas duces tecum; and the Board is empowered to make rules and regulations with respect
80 STAT.] PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966

1035

to any such proceedings. The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this paragraph may be required from any place in any State or in any territory at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted. Any party to proceedings under this subsection may apply to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which such proceeding is being conducted or where the witness resides or carries on business, for enforcement of any subpoena or subpoena duces tecum issued pursuant to this paragraph, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith. Witnesses subpoenaed under this paragraph shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. All expenses of the Board or of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation in connection with this subsection shall be considered as nonadministrative expenses.
    "(10) Any service required or authorized to be made by the Board under this subsection may be made by registered mail, or in such other manner reasonably calculated to give actual notice as the Board may by regulation or otherwise provide.
    "(11) The Board shall have power to make rules and regulations for the reorganization, consolidation, liquidation, and dissolution of associations, for the merger of associations with other institutions the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, for associations in conservatorship and receivership, and for the conduct of conservatorships and receiverships; and the Board may, by regulation or otherwise, provide for the exercise of functions by members, directors, or officers of an association during conservatorship and receivership.
    "(12) (A) Any director or officer, or former director or officer, of an association, or any other person, against whom there is outstanding and effective any notice or order (which is an order which has become final) served upon such director, officer, or other person under paragraph (4) (C), (4) (D), or (5) (A) of this subsection, and who (i) participates in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of such association, or directly or indirectly solicits or procures, or transfers or attempts to transfer, or votes or attempts to vote any proxies, consents, or authorizations in respect of any voting rights in such association, or (ii) without the prior written approval of the Board, votes for a director or serves or acts as a director, officer, or employee of any institution the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, shall upon conviction be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both.
    "(B) Except with the prior written consent of the Board, no person shall serve as a director, officer, or employee of an association who has been convicted, or who is hereafter convicted, of a criminal offense involving dishonesty or a breach of trust. For each willful violation of this prohibition, the association involved shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day this prohibition is violated, which the Board may recover by suit or otherwise for its own use.
    "(C) Whenever a conservator or receiver appointed by the Board demands possession of the property, business, and assets of any association, or of any part thereof, the refusal by any director, officer, employee, or agent of such association to comply with the demand shall be punishable by a fine of not more than $5,000 or imprisonment for not more than one year, or both.
    "(13) (A) As used in this subsection-
         "(1) The terms 'cease-and-desist order which has become final' and 'order which has become final' mean a cease-and-desist order, or an
order, issued by the Board with the consent of the association or the director or officer or other person concerned, or with respect to which no petition for review of the action of the Board has been filed and perfected in a court of appeals as specified in paragraph (7) (B) of the subsection, or with respect to which the action of the court in which said petition is so filed is not subject to further review by the Supreme Court of the United States in proceedings provided for in said paragraph, or an order issued under paragraph (5) (A) of this subsection.
	“(2) The term ‘State’ includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
	“(3) The term ‘territory’ includes any possession of the United States and any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States.
	“(4) The terms ‘district’, ‘district court’, ‘district court of the United States’, and ‘judicial district’ shall have the meanings defined in section 451 of title 28 of the United States Code.
	“(B) As used in paragraph (4) of this subsection, the term ‘violation’ includes without limitation any action (alone or with another or others) for or toward causing, bringing about, participating in, counseling, or aiding or abetting a violation.
	“(14) As used in this subsection, the terms ‘Federal savings and loan association’ and ‘association’ shall include any institution with respect to which the Federal Home Loan Bank Board now or hereafter has any statutory power of examination or supervision under any Act or joint resolution of Congress other than this Act, the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, and the National Housing Act. For the purposes of this paragraph (14), references in this subsection to directors, officers, employees, and agents, or to former directors or officers, of associations shall be deemed to be references respectively to directors, officers, employees, and agents, or to former directors or officers, of such institutions, references therein to savings account holders and to members of associations shall be deemed to be references to holders of withdrawable accounts in such institutions, and references therein to boards of directors of associations shall be deemed to be references to boards of directors or other governing boards of such institutions. Said Board shall have power by regulation to define, for the purposes of this paragraph (14), terms used or referred to in the sentence next preceding and other terms used in this subsection.”
	(b) The amendment made by subsection (a) of the section shall be effective only with respect to proceedings commenced on or after the date of enactment of this Act. Section 5 (d) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 as in effect immediately prior to the date of enactment of this Act shall continue in effect with respect to any proceedings commenced prior to such date.
Effective date. 
Sec. 102. (a) Section 407 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730) is hereby amended to read as follows:
	“Sec. 407. Termination of Insurance And Enforcement Provisions. —
	“(a) Voluntary termination of insurance. — Any insured institution other than a Federal savings and loan association may terminate its status as an insured institution by written notice to the Corporation specifying a date for such termination.
	“(b) involuntary termination of insurance; notice and hearing. — (1) Whenever, in the opinion of the Corporation, any insured institution has violated its duty as such or is engaging or has engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting the business of such institution, or is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations as an insured institution, or is violating or has violated an applicable law, rule, regulation, or order, or any condition imposed in writing by the Corporation in connection with the granting of any application or other request by the institution, or any written agreement entered into with the Corporation, including any agreement en
80 STAT. ]
	                       PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966	                                      	                 	                          	                                     	                            		                         	                                                                  		       		                       	                      	                       	                             	                        	                    

entered into under section 403 of this title, the Corporation shall serve 
upon the institution a statement with respect to such violations or 
practices or conditions for the purpose of securing the correction 
thereof, and shall send a copy of such statement to the appropriate 
State supervisory authority. 
		"(2) Unless such correction shall be made within one hundred and 
twenty days after service of such statement, or such shorter period of 
not less than twenty days after such service as (A) the Corporation 
shall require in any case where the Corporation determines that its 
insurance risk with respect to such institution could be unduly jeop- 
ardized by further delay in the correction of such violations or prac- 
tices or conditions, or (B) the appropriate State supervisory authority 
shall require, or unless within such time the Corporation shall have 
received acceptable assurances that such correction will be made with- 
in a time and in a manner satisfactory to the Corporation, or in the 
event such assurances are submitted to and accepted by the Corpora- 
tion but are not carried out in accordance with their terms, the Cor- 
poration may, if it shall determine to proceed further, issue and serve 
upon the institution written notice of intention to terminate the status 
of the institution as an insured institution. 
		"(3) Such notice shall contain a statement of the facts constituting 
the alleged violation or violations or the unsafe or unsound practice 
or practices or condition, and shall fix a time and place for a hearing 
thereon. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty 
days after service of such notice. Unless the institution shall appear 
at the hearing by a duly authorized representative, it shall be deemed 
to have consented to the termination of its status as an insured insti- 
tution. In the event of such consent, or if upon the record made at any 
such hearing the Corporation shall find that any violation or unsafe 
or unsound practice or condition specified in such notice has been 
established and has not been corrected within the time above prescribed 
in which to make correction, the Corporation may issue and serve 
upon the institution an order terminating the status of the institution 
as an insured institution; but any such order shall not become effec- 
tive until it is an order which has become final (except in the case of 
an order of termination issued upon consent, which shall become effec- 
tive at the time specified therein).
	
		"(c) DATE OF TERMINATION OE INSURED STATUS.-The effective date 
of the termination of an institution’s status as an insured institution 
under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be the date specified 
for such termination in the notice by the institution to the Corpora- 
tion as provided in subsection (a) of this section, or the date upon 
which an order of termination issued under subsection (b) (3) of this 
section becomes effective. The Corporation may from time to time 
postpone the effective date of the termination of an institution’s status 
as an insured institution at any time before such termination has be- 
come effective, but in the case of termination by notice given by the 
institution such effective date shall be postponed only with the written 
consent of the institution.
		"(d) CONTINUATION OF INSURANCE; EXAMINATION; NOTICE TO MEM- 
BERS; AND PAYMENT OF PREMIUMS.-In the event of the termination of 
an institution’s status as an insured institution, insurance of its 
.accounts to the extent that they were insured on the effective date of 
.such termination as hereinabove provided in subsection (c), less any 
amounts thereafter withdrawn, repurchased, or redeemed, shall con- 
tinue for a period of two years, but no investments or deposits made 
after such date shall be insured. The Corporation shall have the right 
to examine such institution from time to time during the two-year 
.period aforesaid. Such insured institution shall be obligated to pay, 
within thirty days after the effective date of such termination, as a final
insurance premium, a sum equivalent to twice the last annual insurance premium payable by it. In the event of the termination of insurance of accounts as herein provided the institution which was the insured institution shall give prompt and reasonable notice to all of its insured members that it has ceased to be an insured institution and it may include in such notice the fact that insured accounts, to the extent not withdrawn, repurchased, or redeemed, remain insured for two years from the date of such termination, but it shall not further represent itself in any manner as an insured institution. In the event of failure to give the notice to insured members as herein provided the Corporation is authorized to give reasonable notice.

"(e)  CEASE-AND-DESIST PROCEEDINGS.— (1) If, in the opinion of the Corporation, any insured institution or any institution any of the accounts of which are insured is engaging or has engaged, or the Corporation has reasonable cause to believe that the institution is about to engage, in an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting the business of such institution, or is violating or has violated, or the Corporation has reasonable cause to believe that the institution is about to violate, a law, rule, or regulation, or any condition imposed in writing by the Corporation in connection with the granting of any application or other request by the institution, or written agreement entered into with the Corporation, including any agreement entered into under section 403 of this title, the Corporation may issue and serve upon the institution a notice of charges in respect thereof. The notice shall contain a statement of the facts constituting the alleged violation or violations or the unsafe or unsound practice or practices, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held to determine whether an order to cease and desist therefrom should issue against the institution. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty days not later than sixty days after service of such notice unless an earlier or a later date is set by the Corporation at the request of the institution. Unless the institution shall appear at the hearing by a duly authorized representative, it shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of the cease-and-desist order. In the event of such consent, or if upon the record made at any such hearing the Corporation shall find that any violation or unsafe or unsound practice specified in the notice of charges has been established, the Corporation may issue and serve upon the institution an order to cease and desist from any such violation or practice. Such order may, by provisions which may be mandatory or otherwise, require the institution and its directors, officers, employees, and agents to cease and desist from the same, and, further to take affirmative action to correct the conditions resulting from any such violation or practice.

"(2) A cease-and-desist order shall become effective at the expiration of thirty days after service of such order upon the institution concerned (except in the case of a cease-and-desist order issued upon consent, which shall become effective at the time specified therein), and shall remain effective and enforceable except to such extent as it is stayed, modified, terminated, or set aside by action of the Corporation or a reviewing court.

"(f)  TEMPORARY CEASE-AND-DESIST ORDERS.—(1) Whenever the Corporation shall determine that the violation or threatened violation or the unsafe or unsound practice or practices, specified in the notice of charges served upon the institution pursuant to subsection (e) (1) of this section, or the continuation thereof, is likely to cause insolvency or substantial dissipation of assets or earnings of the institution, or is likely to otherwise seriously prejudice the interest of its insured members or of the Corporation, the Corporation may issue a temporary order requiring the institution to cease and desist from any such violation or practice. Such order shall become effective upon service upon
the institution and, unless set aside, limited, or suspended by a court in proceedings authorized by paragraph (2) of this subsection, shall remain effective and enforceable pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to such notice and until such time as the Corporation shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice or, if a cease-and-desist order is issued against the institution, until the effective date of any such order.

"(2) Within ten days after the institution concerned has been served with a temporary cease-and-desist order, the institution may apply to the United States district court for the judicial district in which the principal office of the institution is located, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for an injunction setting aside, limiting, or suspending the enforcement, operation, or effectiveness of such order pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice of charges served upon the institution under subsection (e)(1) of this section, and such court shall have jurisdiction to issue such injunction.

"(3) In the case of violation or threatened violation of, or failure to obey, a temporary cease-and-desist order, the Corporation may apply to the United States district court, or the United States court of any territory, within the jurisdiction of which the principal office of the institution is located, for an injunction to enforce such order, and, if the court shall determine that there has been such violation or threatened violation or failure to obey, it shall be the duty of the court to issue such injunction.
"(g) Suspension or removal of director or officer.—(1) Whenever, in the opinion of the Corporation, any director or officer of an insured institution has committed any violation of law, rule, or regulation, or of a cease-and-desist order which has become final, or has engaged or participated in any unsafe or unsound practice in connection with the institution, or has committed or engaged in any act, omission, or practice which constitutes a breach of his fiduciary duty as such director or officer, and the Corporation determines that the institution has suffered or will probably suffer substantial financial loss or other damage or that the interests of its insured members could be seriously prejudiced by reason of such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty, and that such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty is one involving personal dishonesty on the part of such director or officer, the Corporation may serve upon such director or offer a written notice of its intention to remove him from office.
"(2) Whenever, in the opinion of the Corporation, any director or officer of an insured institution, by conduct or practice with respect to another insured institution or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to continue as a director or officer, and, whenever, in the opinion of the Corporation, any other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of an insured institution, by conduct or practice with respect to such institution or other insured institution or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to participate in the conduct of the affairs of such insured institution, the Corporation may serve upon such director, officer, or other person a written notice of its intention to remove him from office and/or to prohibit his further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of such institution.
"(3) In respect to any director or officer of an insured institution or any other person referred to in paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection, the Corporation may, if it deems it necessary for the protection
1040                    PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                        (80 STAT.

of the institution or the interests of its insured members or of the Corporation, by written notice to such effect served upon such director, officer, or other person, suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the institution. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall become effective upon service of such notice and, unless stayed by a court in proceedings authorized by paragraph (5) of this subsection, shall remain in effect pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served under paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection and until such time as the Corporation shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice, or, if an order of removal and/or prohibition is issued against the director or officer or other person, until the effective date of any such order. Copies of any such notice shall also be served upon the institution of which he is a director or officer or in the conduct of whose affairs he has participated.
    "(4) A notice of intention to remove a director, officer, or other person from office and/or to prohibit his participation in the conduct of the affairs of an insured institution, shall contain a statement of the facts constituting grounds therefor, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held thereon. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty days nor later than sixty days after the date of service of such notice, unless an earlier or a later date is set by the Corporation at the request of (A) such director, officer, or other person, and for good cause shown, or (B) the Attorney General of the United States. Unless such director, officer, or other person shall appear at the hearing in person or by a duly authorized representative, he shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of an order of such removal and/or prohibition. In the event of such consent, or if upon the record made at any such hearing the Corporation shall find that any of the grounds specified in such notice has been established, the Corporation may issue such orders of suspension or removal from office, and/or prohibition from participation in the conduct of the affairs of the institution, as it may deem appropriate. Any such order shall become effective at the expiration of thirty days after service upon such institution and the director, officer, or other person concerned (except in the case of an order issued upon consent, which shall become effective at the time specified therein). Such order shall remain effective and enforceable except to such extent as it is stayed, modified, terminated, or set aside by action of the Corporation or a reviewing court.
    "(5) Within ten days after any director, officer, or other person has been suspended from office and/or prohibited from participation in the conduct of the affairs of an insured institution under paragraph (3) of this subsection, such director, officer, or other person may apply to the United States district court for the judicial district in which the principal office of the institution is located, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for a stay of such suspension and/or prohibition pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served upon such director, officer, or other person under paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection, and such court shall have jurisdiction to stay such suspension and/or prohibition.
    "(h) SUSPENSION of DIRECTOR or OFFICER CHARGED WITH FELONY.-Whenever any director or officer of an insured institution, or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of such institution, is charged in any information, indictment, or complaint authorized by a United States Attorney, with the commission of or participation in a felony involving dishonesty or breach of trust, the Corporation may, by written notice served upon such director, officer, or other person,
80 STAT. ]         	                     PUBLIC LAW 89-695—OCT. 16, 1966	                                          		             1041

suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any matter in the conduct of the affairs of the institution. A copy of such notice shall also be served upon the institution. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall remain in effect until such information, indictment, or complaint is finally disposed of or until terminated by the Corporation. In the event that a judgment of conviction with respect to such offense is entered against such director, officer, or other person, and at such time as such judgment is not subject to further appellate review, the Corporation may issue and serve upon such director, officer, or other person an order removing him from office and/or prohibiting him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the institution except with the consent of the Corporation. A copy of such order shall also be served upon such institution, whereupon such director or officer shall cease to be a director or officer of such institution. A finding of not guilty or other disposition of the charge shall not preclude the Corporation from thereafter instituting proceedings to remove such director, officer, or other person from office and/or to prohibit further participation in institutions affairs, pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (g) of this section.

"(i)      TERMINATION OF FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK MEMBERSHIP.—Termination under this section or otherwise of the status of an institution as an insured institution shall automatically constitute a removal under subsection (i) of section 6 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of the institution from Federal home loan bank membership, if at the time of such termination such institution is a member of a Federal home loan bank; and removal of an institution from Federal home loan bank membership under subsection (i) of section 6 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act or otherwise shall automatically constitute an order of termination under this section of the status of such institution as an insured institution, if such institution is at the time of such removal an insured institution.

"(j) HEARINGS AND JUDICIAL REVIEW.—(1) Any hearing provided for in this section shall be held in the Federal judicial district or in the territory in which the principal office of the institution is located unless the party afforded the hearing consents to another place, and shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5 of title 5 of the United States Code. Such hearing shall be private, unless the Corporation, in its discretion, after fully considering the views of the party afforded the hearing, determines that a public hearing is necessary to protect the public interest. After such hearing, and within ninety days after the Corporation has notified the parties that the case has been submitted to it for final decision, the Corporation shall render its decision (which shall include findings of fact upon which its decision is predicated) and shall issue and cause to be served upon each party to the proceeding an order or orders consistent with the provisions of this section. Judicial review of any such order shall be exclusively as provided in this subsection. Unless a petition for review is timely filed in a court of appeals of the United States, as hereinafter provided in paragraph (2) of this subsection, and thereafter until the record in the proceeding has been filed as so provided, the Corporation may at any time, upon such notice and in such manner as it shall deem proper, modify, terminate, or set aside any such order. Upon such filing of the record, the Corporation may modify, terminate, or set aside any such order with permission of the court.

"(2) Any party to the proceeding, or any person required by an order issued under this section to cease and desist from any of the violations or practices stated therein, may obtain a review of any order served pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection (other

47 Stat. 729; 69 Stat. 640.
12 USC 1426.

Ante, p. 380
1042  PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966 [80 STAT.

72 Stat. 941.

Ante, p. 392,

62 Stat. 928.

62 Stat. 907.

than an order issued with the consent of the institution or the director or officer or other person concerned, or an order issued under subsection (h) of this section,) by filing in the court of appeals of the United States for the circuit in which the principal office of the institution is located, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, within thirty days after the date of service of such order, a written petition praying that the order of the Corporation be modified, terminated, or set aside. A copy of such petition shall be forthwith transmitted by the clerk of the court to the Corporation, and thereupon the Corporation shall file in the court the record in the proceeding, as provided in section 2112 of title 28 of the United States Code. Upon the filing of such petition, such court shall have jurisdiction, which upon the filing of the record shall, except as provided in the last sentence of said paragraph (1), be exclusive, to affirm, modify, terminate, or set aside, in whole or in part, the order of the Corporation. Review of such proceedings shall be had as provided in chapter 7 of title 5 of the United States Code. The judgment and decree of the court shall be final, except that the same shall be subject to review by the Supreme Court upon certiorari as provided in section 1254 of title 28 of the United States Code.
    "(3) The commencement of proceedings for judicial review under paragraph (2) of this subsection shall not, unless specifically ordered by the court, operate as a stay of any order issued by the Corporation.
    "(k) JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT.-(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, (A) the Corporation shall be deemed to be an agency of the United States within the meaning of section 451 of title 28 of the United States Code; (B) any civil action, suit, or proceeding to which the Corporation shall be a party shall be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States, and the United States district courts shall have original jurisdiction thereof, without regard to the amount in controversy; and (C) the Corporation may, without bond or security, remove any such action, suit, or proceeding from a State court to the United States district court for the district and division embracing the place where the same is pending by following any procedure for removal now or hereafter in effect: Provided, That any action, suit, or proceeding to which the Corporation is a party in its capacity as conservator, receiver, or other legal custodian of an insured State-chartered institution and which involves only the rights or obligations of investors, creditors, stockholders, and such institution under State law shall not be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States, No attachment or execution shall be issued against the Corporation or its property before final judgment in any action, suit, or proceeding in any court of any State or of the United States or any territory, or any other court.
    "(2) The Corporation may, in its discretion, apply to the United States district court, or the United States court of any territory, within the jurisdiction of which the principal office of the institution is located, for the enforcement of any effective and outstanding notice or order issued by the Corporation under this section, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith; but except as otherwise provided in this section no court shall have jurisdiction to affect by injunction or otherwise the issuance or enforcement of any notice or order under this section, or to review, modify, suspend, terminate, or set aside any such notice or order.
    "(1) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.-(1) Whenever a change occurs in the outstanding voting stock of any insured institution which will result in control or a change in the control of such institution, the
80 STAT. ]
PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                      
1043

president or other chief executive officer of such institution shall promptly report such facts to the Corporation upon obtaining knowl- edge of such change. As used in this subsection, the term "control" means the power to directly or indirectly direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the insured institution. If there is any doubt as to whether a change in ownership or other change in the outstanding voting stock of any insured institution is sufficient to result in control or a change in the control thereof, such doubt shall be resolved in favor of reporting the facts to the Corporation. 

" (2) Whenever an insured institution or an insured bank of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation makes a loan or loans secured (or to be secured) by 25 per centum or more of the voting stock of an insured institution, the president or other chief executive officer of the lending insured institution or insured bank shall promptly report such fact to the Corporation upon obtaining knowledge of such loan or loans, except that no report need be made in those cases where the borrower has been the owner of record of the stock for a period of one year or more, or the stock is of a newly organized insured institution prior to its opening.

" (3) The reports required by paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub- section shall contain the following information to the extent that it is known by the person making the report: (A) the number of shares involved, (B) the names of the sellers (or transferors), (C) the names of the purchasers (or transferees), (D) the names of the beneficial owners if the shares are of record in another name or other names, (E) the purchase price, (F) the total number of shares owned by the sellers (or transferors), the purchasers (or transferees) and the beneficial owners both immediately before and after the transaction, and in the case of a loan, (G) the name of the borrower, (H) the amount of the loan, and (I) the name of the institution issuing the stock securing the loan and the number of shares securing the loan. In addition to the foregoing, such report shall contain such other information as may be available to inform the Corporation of the effect of the transaction upon control of the institution whose stock is involved. The reports required by this subsection shall be in addition to any reports that may be required pursuant to other provisions of law.

" (4) Whenever such a change as is described in paragraph (1) of this subsection occurs, the insured institution involved shall report promptly to the Corporation any change or changes, or replacements or replacements of its chief executive officer or of any director oc- curring in the next twelve-month period, including in its report a state- ment of the past and current business and professional affiliations of the new chief executive officer or director.  

"(5) Without limitation by or on the foregoing provisions of this subsection, the Corporation may require insured institutions and indi- viduals or other persons who have or have had any connection with the management of any insured institution, as defined by the Corporation, to provide, in such manner and under such civil penalties (which shall be cumulative to any other remedies) as the Corporation may prescribe, such periodic or other reports and disclosures as the Corporation may determine to be necessary or appropriate for the protection of investors or the Corporation. 

" (6) As used in this subsection, the term 'stock' means such stock or other equity securities or equity interests in an insured institution, or rights, interests, or powers with respect thereto, regardless of whether such institution is a stock company, a mutual institution, or otherwise, as the Corporation may by regulation define for the pur- poses of this subsection.
"Control."
"PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966 [80 STAT.

(m) ANCILLARY PROVISIONS.-(1) In making examinations of insured institutions, examiners appointed by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall have power, on behalf of the Corporation, to make such examinations of the affairs of all affiliates of such institutions as shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such institutions and their affiliates and the effect of such relations upon such institutions. The cost of examinations of such affiliates shall be assessed against and paid by the institution. For purposes of this subsection, the term 'affiliate' shall have the same meaning as where used in section 2(b) of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 221a(b)), except that the term 'member bank' in said section 2(b) shall be deemed to refer to an insured institution.

(2) In connection with examinations of insured institutions and affiliates thereof, the Corporation, or its designated representatives, shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations and to examine and to take and preserve testimony under oath as to any matter in respect of the affairs or ownership of any such institution or affiliate thereof, and to issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum, and, for the enforcement thereof, to apply to the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which the principal office of the institution or affiliate thereof is located, or in which the witness resides or carries on business. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance with any such subpoena.

(3) In the course of or in connection with any proceeding under this section, the Corporation or its designated representatives, including any person designated to conduct any hearing under this section, shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations, to take or cause to be taken depositions, and to issue, revoke, quash, or modify subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum; and the Corporation is empowered to make rules and regulations with respect to any such proceedings. The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this subsection may be required from any place in any State or in any territory at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted. Any party to proceedings under this section may apply to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which such proceeding is being conducted, or where the witness resides or carries on business, for enforcement of any subpoena or subpoena duces tecum issued pursuant to this subsection, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith. Witnesses subpoenaed under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. All expenses of the Board or of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation in connection with this section shall be considered as nonadministrative expenses. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this section by an insured institution, or a director or officer thereof, may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorneys' fees as it deems just and proper; and such expenses and fees shall be paid by the institution or from its assets.

(n) SERVICE.-Any service required or authorized to be made by the Corporation under this section may be made by registered mail, or in such other manner reasonably calculated to give actual notice as the Corporation may by regulation or otherwise provide. Copies of any notice or order served by the Corporation upon any State-chartered institution or any director or officer thereof or other person participating in the conduct of its affairs, pursuant to the provisions of this section, shall also be sent to the appropriate State supervisory authority."
“(o) Notice to state authorities.— In connection with any proceeding under subsection (e), (f) (1), or (g) of this section involving an insured State-chartered institution or any director or officer or other person participating in the conduct of its affairs, the Corporation shall provide the appropriate State supervisory authority with notice of the Corporation’s intent to institute such a proceeding and the grounds therefor. Unless within such time as the Corporation deems appropriate in the light of the circumstances of the case (which time must be specified in the notice prescribed in the preceding sentence) satisfactory corrective action is effectuated by action of the State supervisory authority, the Corporation may proceed as provided in this section. No institution or other party who is the subject of any notice or order issued by the Corporation under this section shall have standing to raise the requirements of this subsection as ground for attacking the validity of any such notice or order. 
“(p) Penalties.— (1) Any director or officer, or former director or officer, of an insured institution or an institution any of the accounts of which are insured, or any other person, against whom there is outstanding and effective any notice or order (which is an order which has become final) served upon such director, officer, or other person under subsection (g) (3), (g) (4), or (h) of this section, and who (A) participates in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of such institution, or directly or indirectly solicits or procures, or transfers or attempts to transfer, or votes or attempts to vote any proxies, consents, or authorizations in respect to any voting rights in such institution, or (B) with out the prior written approval of the Corporation, votes for a director or serves or acts as a director, officer, or employee of any insured institution, shall upon conviction be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both. 
“(2) Except with the prior written consent of the Corporation, no person shall serve as a director, officer, or employee of an insured institution who has been convicted, or who is hereafter convicted, of a criminal offense involving dishonesty or a breach of trust. For each willful violation of this prohibition, the institution involved shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day this prohibition is violated, which the Corporation may recover by suit or otherwise for its own use. 
“(q) Definitions.— (1) As used in this section—
“(A) The terms ‘cease-and-desist order which has become final’ and ‘order which has become final’ mean a cease-and-desist order, or an order, issued by the Corporation with the consent of the institution or the director or officer or other person concerned, or with respect to which no petition for review of the action of the Corporation has been filed and perfected in a court of appeals as specified in subsection (j) (2) of this section, or with respect to which the action of the court in which said petition is so filed is not subject to further review by the Supreme Court of the United States in proceedings provided for in said subsection, or an order issued under subsection (h) of this section.
“(B) The term ‘State’ includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
“(C) The term ‘territory’ includes any possession of the United States and any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States.
“(D) The terms ‘district’, ‘district court’, ‘district court of the United States’, and ‘judicial district’ shall have the meanings defined in section 451 of title 28 of the United States Code. 
“(2) As used in subsection (f) of this section, the term ‘insolvency’ means that the assets of an institution are less than its obligations to its creditors and others, including its members.
“(3) As used in subsection (g) of this section, the term ‘violation’ includes without limitation any action (alone or with another or others) for or toward causing, bringing about, participating in, counseling, or aiding or abetting a violation.”
1046

PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966

Effective date.
(b) The amendment made by subsection (a) of this section shall be effective only with respect to proceedings commenced on or after the date of enactment of this Act. Section 407 of the National Housing Act as in effect immediately prior to the date of enactment of this Act shall continue in effect with respect to any proceedings commenced prior to such date.

64 Stat. 259.
12 USC 1730.
Sec. 103. Subsection (c) of section 408 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730a(c)) is amended to read: 
"(c) It shall be unlawful for any company on or after September 23, 1959--

(1) to acquire the control of more than one insured institution, or
(2) to acquire the control of an insured institution when it holds the control of any other insured institution, except in a transaction which has been approved by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board upon a determination by it that such transaction is advisable to assist in preventing the commencement or continuance of involuntary liquidation of the insured institution whose control, whether by acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise, is being acquired by such company or an insured institution which it controls". 

73 Stat. 691.
TITLE II--PROVISION RELATING TO THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM, AND THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY

Sec. 201. Paragraph (6) of subsection (i) of section 7 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.1817(i)(6)) is repealed and section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813) is amended by adding the following new subsection (q): 
"(q) The term 'appropriate Federal banking agency' shall mean (1) the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of a national banking association or a District bank, (2) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member insured bank (except a District bank), and (3) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in the case of a State nonmember insured bank (except a District bank)."

78 Stat. 941.
64 Stat. 873.
"Appropriate Federal banking agency."
Sec. 202. Section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818), is amended by redesignating subsections (b), (c), and (d) thereof as (o), (p), and (q) and by adding after subsection (a) thereof the following new subsections (b) through (n), inclusive:

"(b)(1) If, in the opinion of the appropriate Federal banking agency, any insured bank or bank which has insured deposits is engaging or has engaged, or the agency has reasonable cause to believe that the bank is about to engage, in an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting the business of such bank, or is violating or has violated, or the agency has reasonable cause to believe that the bank is about to violate, a law, rule, or regulation, or any condition imposed in writing by the agency in connection with the granting of any application or other request by the bank, or any written agreement entered into with the agency, the agency may issue and serve upon the bank a notice of charges in respect thereof. The notice shall contain a statement of the facts constituting the alleged violation or violations or the unsafe or unsound practice or practices, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held to determine whether an order to cease and desist therefrom should issue against the bank. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty days nor later than sixty days after service of such notice unless an earlier or a later date is set by the agency at the request of the bank. Unless the bank shall appear
80 Stat. ]          PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966          1047

at the hearing by a duly authorized representative, it shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of the cease-and-desist order. In the event of such consent, or if upon the record made at any such hearing, the agency shall find that any violation or unsafe or unsound practice specified in the notice of charges has been established, the agency may issue and serve upon the bank an order to cease and desist from any such violation or practice. Such order may, by provisions which may be mandatory or otherwise, require the bank and its directors, officers, employees, and agents to cease and desist from the same, and, further, to take affirmative action to correct the conditions resulting from any such violation or practice.
“(2) A cease-and-desist order shall become effective at the expiration of thirty days after the service of such order upon the bank concerned (except in the case of a cease-and-desist order issued upon consent, which shall become effective at the time specified therein), and shall remain effective and enforceable as provided therein, except to such extent as it is stayed, modified, terminated, or set aside by action of the agency or a reviewing court.
“(c) (1) Whenever the appropriate Federal banking agency shall determine that the violation or threatened violation or the unsafe or unsound practice or practices, specified in the notice of charges served upon the bank pursuant to paragraph (1) of subsection (b) of this section, or the continuation thereof, is likely to cause insolvency or substantial dissipation of assets or earnings of the bank, or is likely to otherwise seriously prejudice the interests of its depositors, the agency may issue a temporary order requiring the bank to cease and desist from any such violation or practice. Such order shall become effective upon service upon the bank and, unless set aside, limited, or suspended by a court in proceedings authorized by paragraph (2) of this subsection, shall remain effective and enforceable pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to such notice and until such time as the agency shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice, or if a cease-and-desist order is issued against the bank, until the effective date of any such order.
   “(2) Within ten days after the bank concerned has been served with a temporary cease-and-desist order, the bank may apply to the United States district court for the judicial district in which the home office of the bank is located, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for an injunction setting aside, limiting, or suspending the enforcement, operation, or effectiveness of such order pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice of charges served upon the bank under paragraph (1) of subsection (b) of this section, and such court shall have jurisdiction to issue such injunction.
   “(d) In the case of violation or threatened violation of, or failure to obey, a temporary cease-and-desist order issued pursuant to paragraph (1) of subsection (c) of this section, the appropriate Federal banking agency may apply to the United States district court, or the United States court of any territory, within the jurisdiction of which the home office of the bank is located, for an injunction to enforce such order, and, if the court shall determine that there has been such violation or threatened violation or failure to obey, it shall be the duty of the court to issue such injunction.
   “(e) (1) Whenever, in the opinion of the appropriate Federal banking agency, any director or officer of an insured State bank (other than a District bank) has committed any violation of law, rule, or regulation, or of a cease-and-desist order which has become final, or, has engaged or participated in any unsafe or unsound practice in connection with the bank, or has committed or engaged in any act, omis
1048

PUBLIC LAW 89-695—OCT. 16, 1966 [80 STAT.

sion, or practice which constitutes a breach of his fiduciary duty as such director or officer, and the agency determines that the bank has suffered or will probably suffer substantial financial loss or other damage or that the interests of its depositors could be seriously prejudiced by reason of such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty, and that such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty is one involving personal dishonesty on the part of such director or officer, the agency may serve upon such director or officer a written notice of its intention to remove him from office.
"(2) Whenever, in the opinion of the Comptroller of the Currency, any director or officer of a national banking association or a District bank has committed any violation of law, rule, or regulation, or of a cease-and-desist order which has become final, or has engaged or participated in any unsafe or unsound practice in connection with the bank, or has committed or engaged in any act, omission, or practice which constitutes a breach of his fiduciary duty as such director or officer, and the Comptroller determines that the bank has suffered or will probably suffer substantial financial loss or other damage or that the interests of its depositors could be seriously prejudiced by reason of such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty, and that such violation or practice or breach of fiduciary duty is one involving personal dishonesty on the part of such director or officer, the Comptroller of the Currency may certify the facts to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
"(3) Whenever, in the opinion of the appropriate Federal banking agency, any director or officer of an insured State bank (other than a District bank), by conduct or practice with respect to another insured bank or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to continue as a director or officer and, whenever, in the opinion of the appropriate Federal banking agency, any other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of an insured State bank (other than a District bank), by conduct or practice with respect to such bank or other insured bank or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to participate in the conduct of the affairs of such insured bank, the agency may serve upon such director, officer, or other person a written notice of its intention to remove him from office and/or to prohibit his further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank.
"(4) Whenever, in the opinion of the Comptroller of the Currency, any director or officer of a national banking association or a District bank, by conduct or practice with respect to another insured bank or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to continue as a director or officer and, whenever, in the opinion of the Comptroller, any other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of a national banking association or a District bank, by conduct or practice with respect to such bank or other insured bank or other business institution which resulted in substantial financial loss or other damage, has evidenced his personal dishonesty and unfitness to participate in the conduct of the affairs of such bank, the Comptroller of the Currency may certify the facts to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
"(5) In respect to any director or officer of an insured State bank (other than a District bank) or any other person referred to in paragraph (1) or (3) of this subsection, the appropriate Federal banking agency may, if it deems it necessary for the protection of the bank or the interests of its depositors, by written notice to such effect served
80 STAT. ] PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966 1049

upon such director, officer, or other person, suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall become effective upon service of such notice and, unless stayed by a court in proceedings authorized by subsection (f) of this section, shall remain in effect pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served under paragraph (1) or (3) of this subsection and until such time as the agency shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice, or, if an order of removal and/or prohibition is issued against the director or officer or other person, until the effective date of any such order. Copies of any such notice shall also be served upon the bank of which he is a director or officer or in the conduct of whose affairs he has participated.
    "(6) In respect to any director or officer of a national banking association or a District bank, or any other person referred to in paragraph (2) or (4) of this subsection, the Comptroller of the Currency may, if he deems it necessary for the protection of the bank or the interests of its depositors that such director or officer be suspended from office or prohibited from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank, certify the facts to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
    "(7) In the case of a certification to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under paragraph (2) or (4) of this subsection, the Board may serve upon the director, officer, or other person involved, a written notice of its intention to remove him from office and/or to prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank. In the case of a certification to the Board of Govenors of the Federal Reserve System under paragraph (6) of this subsection, the Board may by written notice to such effect served upon such director, officer, or other person, suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall become effective upon service of such notice and, unless stayed by a court in proceedings authorized by subsection (f) of this section, shall remain in effect pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served under the first sentence of this paragraph and until such time as the Board shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice, or, if an order of removal and/or prohibition is issued against the director or officer or other person, until the effective date of any such order. Copies of any such notice shall also be served upon the bank of which he is a director or officer or in the conduct of whose affairs he has participated. For the purposes of this paragraph and paragraph (8) of this subsection, the Comptroller of the Currency shall be entitled in any case involving a national bank or a District bank to sit as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and to participate in its deliberations on any such case and to vote thereon in all respects as a member of such Board.
    "(8) A notice of intention to remove a director, officer, or other person from office and/or to prohibit his participation in the conduct of the affairs of an insured bank, shall contain a statement of the facts constituting grounds therefor, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held thereon. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty days nor later than sixty days after the date of service of such notice, unless an earlier or a later date is set by the agency at the request of (A) such director or officer or other person, and for good cause shown, or (B) the Attorney General of the United States. Unless such director, officer, or other person shall appear
at the hearing in person or by a duly authorized representative, he shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of an order of such removal and/or prohibition. In the event of such consent, or if upon the record made at any such hearing the agency shall find that any of the grounds specified in such notice has been established, the agency may issue such orders of suspension or removal from office, and/or prohibition from participation in the conduct of the affairs of the bank, as it may deem appropriate. Any such order shall become effective at the expiration of thirty days after service upon such bank and the director, officer, or other person concerned (except in the case of an order issued upon consent, which shall become effective at the time specified therein). Such order shall remain effective and enforceable except to such extent as it is stayed, modified, terminated, or set aside by action of the agency or a reviewing court.
    "(f) Within ten days after any director, officer, or other person has been suspended from office and/or prohibited from participation in the conduct of the affairs of an insured bank under subsection (e) (5) or (e) (7) of this section, such director, officer, or other person may apply to the United States district court for the judicial district in which the home office of the bank is located, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for a stay of such suspension and/or prohibition pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served upon such director, officer, or other person under subsection (e) (1), (e) (3), or (e) (7) of this section, and such court shall have jurisdiction to stay such suspension and/or prohibition.
    "(g) (1) Whenever any director or officer of an insured bank, or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of such bank, is charged in any information, indictment, or complaint authorized by a United States attorney, with the commission of or participation in a felony involving dishonesty or breach of trust, the appropriate Federal banking agency may, by written notice served upon such director, officer, or other person suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank. A copy of such notice shall also be served upon the bank. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall remain in effect until such information, indictment, or complaint is finally disposed of or until terminated by the agency. In the event that a judgment of conviction with respect to such offense is entered against such director, officer, or other person, and at such time as such judgement is not subject to further appellate review, the agency may issue and serve upon such director, officer, or other person an order removing him from office and/or prohibiting him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank except with the consent of the appropriate agency. A copy of such order shall also be served upon such bank, whereupon such director or officer shall cease to be a director or officer of such bank. A finding of not guilty or other disposition of the charge shall not preclude the agency from thereafter instituting proceedings to remove such director, officer, or other person from office and/or to prohibit further participation in bank affairs, pursuant to paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), or (7) of subsection (e) of this section.
    "(2) If at any time, because of the suspension of one or more directors pursuant to this section, there shall be on the board of directors of a national bank less than a quorum of directors not so suspended, all powers and functions vested in or exercisable by such board shall rest in and be exercisable by the director or directors on the board not so suspended, until such time as there shall be a quorum of the board of directors. In the event all of the directors of a national bank are
80 STAT.]        PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                                                                                      1051

suspended pursuant to this section, the Comptroller of the Currency shall appoint persons to serve temporarily as directors in their place and stead pending the termination of such suspensions, or until such time as those who have been suspended, cease to be directors of the bank and their respective successors take office.
     "(h)(1) Any hearing provided for in this section shall be held in the Federal judicial district or in the territory in which the home office of the bank is located unless the party afforded the hearing consents to another place, and shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5 of title 5 of the United States Code. Such hearing shall be private, unless the appropriate Federal banking agency, in its discretion, after fully considering the views of the party afforded the hearing, determines that a public hearing is necessary to protect the public interest. After such hearing, and within ninety days after the appropriate Federal banking agency or Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has notified the parties that the case has been submitted to it for final decision, it shall render its decision (which shall include findings of fact upon which its decision is predicated) and shall issue and serve upon each party to the proceeding an order or orders consistent with the provisions of this section. Judicial review of any such order shall be exclusively as provided in this subsection (h). Unless a petition for review is timely filed in a court of appeals of the United States, as hereinafter provided in paragraph (2) of this subsection, and thereafter until the record in proceeding has been filed as so provided, the issuing agency may at any time, upon such notice and in such manner as it shall deem proper, modify, terminate, or set aside any such order. Upon such filing of the record, the agency may modify, terminate, or set aside any such order with permission of the court.
     "(2) Any party to the proceeding, or any person required by an order issued under this section to cease and desist from any of the violations or practices stated therein, may obtain a review of any order served pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection (other than an order issued with the consent of the bank or the director or officer or other person concerned, or an order issued under paragraph (1) of subsection (g) of this section ) by the filing in the court of appeals of the United States for the circuit in which the home office of the bank is located, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, within thirty days after the date of service of such order, a written petition praying that the order of the agency be modified, terminated, or set aside. A copy of such petition shall be forthwith transmitted by the clerk of the court to the agency, and thereupon the agency shall file in the court the record in the proceeding, as provided in section 2112 of title 28 of the United States Code. Upon the filing of such petition, such court shall have jurisdiction, which upon the filing of the record shall except as provided in the last sentence of said paragraph (1) be exclusive, to affirm, modify, terminate, or set aside, in whole or in part, the order of the agency. Review of such proceedings shall have as provided in chapter 7 of title 5 of the United States Code. The judgment and decree of the court shall be final, except that the same shall be subject to review by the Supreme Court upon certiorari, as provided in section 1254 of title 28 of the United States Code.
     "(3) The commencement of proceedings for judicial review under paragraph (2) of this subsection shall not, unless specifically ordered by the court, operate as a stay of any order issued by the agency.
     "(i) The appropriate Federal banking agency may in its discretion apply to the United States district court, or the United States court of any territory, within the jurisdiction of which the home office of the
1052                 PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                    [80 STAT.

bank is located, for the enforcement of any effective and outstanding
notice or order issued under this section, and such courts shall have
jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance herewith;
but except as otherwise provided in this section no court shall have
jurisdiction to affect by injunction or otherwise the issuance or enforce-
ment of any notice or order under this section, or to review, modify,
suspend, terminate, or set aside any such notice or order.
Penalties.
 "(j) Any director or officer, or former director or officer of an
insured bank, or any other person, against whom there is outstanding
and effective any notice or order (which is an order which has become
final) served upon such director, officer, or other person under sub-
sections (e) (5), (e) (7), (e) (8), or (g) of this section, and who (i)
participates in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank
involved, or directly or indirectly solicits or procures, or transfers or
attempts to transfer, or votes or attempts to vote, any proxies, con-
sents, or authorizations in respect of any voting rights in such bank, or
(ii) without the prior written approval of the appropriate Federal
banking agency, votes for a director, serves or acts as a director, officer,
or employee of any bank, shall upon conviction be fined not more than
$5,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both.
Definitions.
 "(k) As used in this section (1) the terms 'cease-and-desist order
which has become final' and 'order which has become final' mean a
cease-and-desist order, or an order, issued by the appropriate Federal
banking agency with the consent of the bank or the director or officer
or other person concerned, or with respect to which no petition for
review of the action of the agency has been filed and perfected in
a court of appeals as specified in paragraph (2) of subsection (h), or
with respect to which the action of the court in which said petition is
so filed is not subject to further review by the Supreme Court of the
United States in proceedings provided for in said paragraph, or an
order issued under paragraph (1) of subsection (g) of this section,
and (2) the term 'violation' includes without limitation any action
(alone or with another or others) for or toward causing, bringing
about, participating in, counseling, or aiding or abetting a violation.
Notice of
service.
 "(1) Any service required or authorized to be made by the appro-
priate Federal banking agency under this section may be made by
registered mail, or in such other manner reasonably calculated to give
actual notice as the agency may by regulation or otherwise provide.
Copies of any notice or order served by the agency upon any State
bank or any director or officer thereof or other person participating
in the conduct of its affairs, pursuant to the provisions of this section,
shall also be sent to the appropriate State supervisory authority.
Notice to State
authorities.
 "(m) In connection with any proceeding under subsection (b),
(c) (1), or (e) of this section involving an insured State bank or any
director or officer or other person participating in the conduct of its
affairs, the appropriate Federal banking agency shall provide the ap-
propriate State supervisory authority with notice of the agency's
intent to institute such a proceeding and the grounds thereof. Un-
less within such time as the Federal banking agency deems appro-
priate in the light of the circumstances of the case (which time must
be specified in the notice prescribed in the preceding sentence) satis-
factory corrective action is effectuated by action of the State super-
visory authority, the agency may proceed as provided in this section.
No bank or other party who is the subject of any notice or order issued
by the agency under this section shall have standing to raise the re-
quirements of this subsection as ground for attacking the validity of
any such notice or order.
Subpena power,
etc.
 "(n) In the course of or in connection with any proceeding under
this section, the agency conducting the proceeding, or any member or
80 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966

1053

designated representative thereof, including any person designated to conduct any hearing under this section, shall have the power to administer oaths and affirmations, to take or cause to be taken depositions, and to issue, revoke, quash, or modify subpenas and subpenas duces tecum; and such agency is empowered to make rules and regulations with respect to any such proceedings. The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this subsection may be required from any place in any State or in any territory or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted. Any party to proceedings under this section may apply to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which such proceeding is being conducted, or where the witness resides or carries on business, for enforcement of any subpena or subpena duces tecum issued pursuant to this subsection, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith. Witnesses subpoenaed under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this section by an insured bank or a director or officer thereof, may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorneys' fees as it deems just and proper; and such expenses and fees shall be paid by the bank or from its assets."

   SEC. 203. Subsections (b) and (c) of section 10 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820 (b), (c) are amended to read as follows:

   "(b) The Board of Directors shall appoint examiners who shall have power, on behalf of the Corporation, to examine any insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank), any State nonmember bank making application to become an insured bank, and any closed insured bank, whenever in the judgment of the Board of Directors an examination of the bank is necessary. In addition to the examinations provided for in the preceding sentence, such examiners shall have like power to make a special examination of any State member bank and any national bank or District bank, whenever in the judgment of the Board of Directors such special examination is necessary to determine the condition of any such bank for insurance purposes. In making examinations of insured banks, examiners appointed by the Corporation shall have power on behalf of the Corporation to make such examinations of the affairs of all affiliates of such banks as shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such banks and their affiliates and the effect of such relations upon such banks. Each examiner shall have power to make a thorough examination of all of the affairs of the bank and its affiliates, and shall make a full and detailed report of the condition of the bank to the Corporation. The Board of Directors in like manner shall appoint claim agents who shall have power to investigate and examine all claims for insured deposits. Each claim agent shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations and to examine and to take and preserve testimony under oath as to any matter in respect to claims for insured deposits, and to issue subpenas and subpenas duces tecum, and, for the enforcement thereof, to apply to the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which the main office of the bank or affiliate thereof is located, or in which the witness resides or carries on business. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance with any such subpena.

   "(c) In connection with examinations of insured banks, and affiliates thereof, the appropriate Federal banking agency, or its designated

65-300 0-67-69
1054                                           PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                                    [80 STAT.

representatives, shall have the power to administer oaths and affirmations and to examine and to take and preserve testimony under oath as to any matter in respect of the affairs or ownership of any such bank or affiliate thereof, and to issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum, and, for the enforcement thereof, to apply to the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which the main office of the bank or affiliate thereof is located, or in which the witness resides or carries on business. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance with any such subpoena. For purposes of this section, the term 'affiliate' shall have the same meaning as where used in section 2(b) of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 221a(b) ) except that the term 'member bank' in said section 2(b) shall be deemed to refer to an insured bank."

"Affiliate." 48 Stat. 162; Ante, p. 242. " Member bank."

Insured bank, termination of status. 64 Stat. 879.

Sec. 204. The first five sentences of section 8(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(a) ) are amended to read as follows:
Sec. 8. (a) Any insured bank (except a national member bank or State member bank) may, upon not less than ninety days' written notice to the Corporation, terminate its status as an insured bank. Whenever the Board of Directors shall find that an insured bank or its directors or trustees have engaged or are engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting the business of such bank, or is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations as an insured bank, or has violated an applicable law, rule, regulation or order, or any condition imposed in writing by the Corporation in connection with the granting of any application or other request by the bank, or any written agreement entered into with the Corporation, the Board of Directors shall first give to the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of a national bank, or to the authority having supervision of the bank in the case of a State bank, and to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member bank, a statement with respect to such practices or violations for the purpose of securing the correction thereof and shall give a copy thereof to the bank. Unless such correction shall be made within one hundred and twenty days, or such shorter period not less than twenty days fixed by the Corporation in any case where the Board of Directors in its discretion has determined that the insurance risk of the Corporation is unduly jeopardized, or fixed by the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of a national bank, or the State authority in the case of a State bank, or Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member bank as the case may be, the Board of Directors, if it shall determine to proceed further, shall give to the bank not less than thirty days' written notice of intention to terminate the status of the bank as an insured bank, and shall fix a time and place for a hearing before the Board of Directors or before a person designated by it to conduct such hearing, at which evidence may be produced, and upon such evidence the Board of Directors shall make written findings which shall be conclusive. If the Board of Directors shall find that any unsafe or unsound practice or condition or violation specified in such statement has been established and has not been corrected within the time above prescribed in which to make such corrections, the Board of Directors may order that the insured status of the bank be terminated on a date subsequent to such finding and to the expiration of the time specified in such notice of intention. Unless the bank shall appear at the hearing by a duly authorized representative, it shall be deemed to have consented to the termination of its status as an insured bank and termination of such status thereupon may be ordered. Any insured bank whose insured status has been terminated by order of the Board of Directors under this subsection shall have the right of judi-
80 STAT. ]   PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966          1055

cial review of such order only to the same extent as provided for the review of orders under subsection (h) of this section.”

SEC. 205. Subsection “Fourth” of section 9 of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1819 "Fourth") is amended to read as
follows:
"Fourth. To sue and be sued, complain and defend, in any court of law or equity, State or Federal. All suits of a civil nature at common law or in equity to which the Corporation shall be a party shall be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States, and the United States district courts shall have original jurisdiction thereof, without regard to the amount in controversy; and the Corporation may, without bond or security, remove any such action, suit, or proceeding from a State court to the United States district court for the district or division embracing the place where the same is pending by following any procedure for removal now or hereafter in effect, except that any such suit to which the Corporation is a party in its capacity as receiver of a State bank and which involves only the rights or obligations of depositors, creditors, stockholders, and such State bank under State law shall not be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States. No attachment or execution shall be issued against the Corporation or its property before final judgment in any suit, action, or proceeding in any State, county, municipal, or United States court. The Board of Directors shall designate an agent upon whom service of process may be made in any State, Territory, or jurisdiction in which any insured bank is located."
SEC. 206. Nothing contained in this title shall be construed to repeal, modify, or affect the provisions of section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. (12 U.S.C. 1829.)
Sec. 207. Section 30 of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 77) is hereby repealed.

TITLE III— INCREASE IN INSURANCE LIMIT

FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

SEC. 301. (a) The first sentence of section 3(m) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(m)) is amended by changing "$10,000" to read "$15,000."
(b)  The first sentence of section 7(i) of the Federal Deposit Insur- 
ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(i)) is amended by changing "$10,000" to read "$15,000."
(c) The last sentence of section 11(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (1g U.S.C. 1821(a)) is amended to read: "The maximum amount of the insured deposit of any depositor shall be $15,000.”
(d)  The fifth sentence of section 11(i) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.5.C. 1821(i)) as amended by changing "$10,000" to read "$15,000.”
(e)  The amendments made by this section shall not be applicable to any claim arising out of the closing of a bank where such closing is prior to the date of enactment of this Act.

FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN INSURANCE CORPORATION

SEC. 302. (a) Section 401(b) of title IV of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1724 (b)) is amended by changing "$10,000" to read "$15,000" each place it appears therein.
(b) Section 405(a) of title IV of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1728(a)) is amended by changing "$10,000" to read "$15,000."
(c) The amendments made by this section shall not be applicable to any claim arising out of a default, as defined in section 401(d) of the

1056          PUBLIC LAW 89-696-OCT. 19, 1966          [80  STAT.
48 Stat. 1256.
12 USC 1724.
National Housing Act, where the appointment of a conservator,
receiver,  or  other  legal  custodian as set forth in that section becomes effective prior to the date of enactment of this Act.
	ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY
Ante, p. 1055.
Sec. 303. (a) Section 3 (m) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(m)) is amended by adding the following new sentence at the end:  "For the purpose of clarifying and defining the insurance coverage under this subsection and subsection (i) of section 7, the Corporation is authorized to define, with such classifications and exceptions as it may prescribe, terms used in those subsections, in subsection (p) of section 3, and in subsections (a) and (i) of section 11 and the extent of the insurance coverage resulting therefrom."
12 USC 1817.
(b) Section 405(a) of title IV of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1728(a)) is amended by adding the following new sentence at the end:  "For the purpose of clarifying and defining the insurance coverage under this subsection and subsection (b) of section 401, the Corporation is authorized to define, with such classifications and exceptions as it may prescribe, terms used in those subsections and in subsection (c) of section 401 and the extent of the insurance coverage resulting therefrom."
Ante, p. 1055.
	48 Stat. 1255.
12 USC 1724.
TITLE IV-EXPIRATION
Sec. 401. The provisions of titles I and II of this Act and any provisions of law enacted by said titles shall be effective only during the period ending at the close of June 30, 1972. Effective upon the expiration of such period, each provision of law amended by either of such titles is further amended to read as it did immediately prior to the enactment of this Act and each provision of law repealed by either of such titles is reenacted.
Approved October 16, 1966.

October 19, 1966  (S. 3834)
Public Law 89-696
	AN   ACT
To amend chapter 141 of title 10, United States Code, to provide for price 
adjustments in contracts for the procurement of milk by the Department of Defense.
	Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,  That chapter 141 of title 10, United States Code, is amended-
Defense Depart- (1) by inserting at the end thereof the following new section:
ment contracts.
Milk procure-
ment.
70A Stat. 135. "§ 2389.  Contracts  for  the  procurement  of  milk; price adjustment
10 USC 2381-
2388. "Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, any contract for the procurement of fluid milk for beverage purposes which was being performed on or after March 1, 1966, may be amended to provide a price adjustment for losses incurred by a contractor because of increased prices paid to the producers for such milk as a result of action by the Secretary of Agriculture on or after March 1, 1966, increasing the price of milk.  A price adjustment shall not be made unless it has been determined by the Department that-
"(1) such amount is not included in the contract price;
"(2) the contract does not otherwise contain a provision providing for an adjustment in price; and
"(3) the contractor will suffer a loss, not merely a diminution of anticipated profit, under the contract because of such increases
