SUBCHAPTER F—THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT

PART 600—STATEMENTS OF GENERAL POLICY OR INTERPRETATIONS

Sec.
600.1 Authority and purpose.
600.2 Legal effect.
APPENDIX TO PART 600—COMMENTARY ON THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT
AUTHORITY: 15 U.S.C. 1681s and 16 CFR 1.73.

SOURCE: 55 FR 18808, May 4, 1990, unless otherwise noted.

§ 600.1 Authority and purpose.
(a) Authority. This part is issued by the Commission pursuant to the provisions of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Pub. L. 91–508, approved October 26, 1970, 84 Stat. 1127–36 (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.).
(b) Purpose. The purpose of this part is to clarify and consolidate statements of general policy or interpretations in a commentary in the appendix to this part. The Commentary will serve as guidance to consumer reporting agencies, their customers, and consumer representatives. The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires that the manner in which consumer reporting agencies provide information be fair and equitable to the consumer with regard to the confidentiality, accuracy, and proper use of such information. The Commentary will enable interested parties to resolve their questions more easily, present a more comprehensive treatment of interpretations and facilitate compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act in accordance with Congressional intent.

§ 600.2 Legal effect.
(a) The interpretations in the Commentary are not trade regulation rules or regulations, and, as provided in § 1.73 of the Commission’s rules, they do not have the force or effect of statutory provisions.
(b) The regulations of the Commission relating to the administration of the Fair Credit Reporting Act are found in subpart H of 16 CFR part 1 (§§ 1.71–1.73).

APPENDIX TO PART 600—COMMENTARY ON THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT
INTRODUCTION
1. Official status. This Commentary contains interpretations of the Federal Trade Commission (Commission) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). It is a guideline intended to clarify how the Commission will construe the FCRA in light of Congressional intent as reflected in the statute and its legislative history. The Commentary does not have the force or effect of regulations or statutory provisions, and its contents may be revised and updated as the Commission considers necessary or appropriate.
2. Status of previous interpretations. The Commentary primarily addresses issues discussed in the Commission’s earlier formal interpretations of the FCRA (16 CFR 600.1-600.8), which are hereby superseded. In the staff’s manual entitled “Compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act” (the current edition of which was published in May 1973, and revised in January 1977 and May 1979), and in informal staff opinion letters responding to public requests for interpretations, and it is intended that the results of the Commission’s FCRA enforcement program. It is intended to synthesize the Commission’s views and give clear advice on important issues. The Commentary sets forth some interpretations that differ from those previously expressed by the Commission or its staff and is intended to supersede all prior formal Commission interpretations, informal staff opinion letters, and the staff manual.
3. Statutory references. Reference to several different provisions of the FCRA is frequently required in order to make a complete analysis of an issue. For various sections and subsections of the FCRA, the Commentary discusses the most important and common overlapping requirements and issues, heading “Relation to other (sub)sections.”
4. Issuance of staff interpretations. The Commission will revise and update the Commentary as it deems necessary, based on the staff’s experience in responding to public inquiries about, and enforcement, FCRA. The Commission welcomes input from interested industry and consumer groups and other public parties in the Commentary will be discussed in it. Staff will continue to respond to requests for informal staff interpretations. In proposing revisions of the Commentary, staff will consider, where appropriate, recommend that the Commentary incorporate issues raised in correspondence and other public contacts, as well as in connection with the Commission’s enforcement efforts. Therefore, a party may raise an issue 546
Federal Trade Commission                                      Pt. 600, App.
          for inclusion in future editions of the Com-
          mentary without making any formal submis-
          sion or request to that effect. However, re-
          quests for formal Commission interpreta-
          tions of the FCRA may also still be made
          pursuant to the procedures set forth in the
          Commission's Rules (16 CFR 1.73).                                                                                

     5. Commentary citations to FCRA. The Com-
          mentary should also be used in conjunction with
          the text of the statute. In some cases, the
          Commentary includes an abbreviated de-
          scription of the statute, rather than the full
          text, as a preamble to discussion of issues
          pertaining to various sections and sub-
          sections. These summary statements of the
          law should not be used as a substitute for the
          statutory text.                                       

                     Section 601—Short title

 "This title may be cited as the Fair Credit
 Reporting Act."

 The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) is
 title VI of the Consumer Credit Protection
 Act, which also includes other Federal stat-
 utes relating to consumer credit, such as the
 Truth in Lending Act (title I), the Equal
 Credit Opportunity Act (title VII), and the
 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (title
VIII).

       section 602—Findings and Purpose
 Section 602 includes the Congressional find-
 ings regarding the significant role of con-
sumer reporing agencies in the nation's fi-
nancial system, and states that the basic
purpose of the FCRA is to require consumer
reporting agencies to adopt reasonable pro-
cedures for meeting the information needs of
creditors, insurers, employers and others in a
  manner that is fair and equitable to the con-
 sumer with regard to confidentiality, accu-
 racy, and the proper use of such information.

    Section 603—Definitions and Rules of
                                 Construction
 Section 603(a) states that “definitions and
 rules of construction set forth in this section
 are applicable for the purposes of this title.

 Section 603(b) defines person to mean " any
 individual, partnership, corporation, trust,
 estate, cooperative, association, government
 or governmental subdivision or agency or
other entity."

         1. Relation to Other Sections

 Certain "persons" must comply with the
 Act. The term consumer reporting agency is
 defined in section 603(f) to include certain
 "persons." Section 619 subjects any "person"
 who knowingly and willfuly obtains infor-
 mation from a consumer reporting agency
 under false pretenses to criminal
  sanctions. Requirements relating to report
 users apply to "persons." Section 606 imposes
 disclosure obligations on "persons" who ob-
tain investigative reports or cause them to

 be prepared. Section 615(c) uses the term 
 person to denote those subject to disclosure ob-
 ligations under sections 615(a) and 615(b).

           2. Examples

 The term "person" includes universities,
 creditors, collection agencies, insurance
 companies, private investigators, and em-
  ployers.

 Section 603(c) defines the term consumer to
 mean "an individual."

      1. Relation to Other Sections

 The term "consumer" denotes an individual
 entitled to the Act's protections. Consumer
 reports, as defined in section 603(d), are re-
 ports about consumers. A "consumer" is enti-
 tled to obtain disclosures under section 609
 from consumer reporting agencies and to
 take certain steps that require such agencies
 to follow procedures in section 611, con-
 cerning disputes about the completeness or
 accuracy of items of information in the con-
sumer's file. Disclosures required under sec-
 tion 606 by one procuring an "investigative
 consumer report” are made to the consumer
 whom the report is about. Notifications re-
 quired by section 615 must be provided to
"consumers." A “consumer" is also permit-
  ted to sue for willful noncompliance (sec-
 tion 616) or negligent noncompliance (section
617) with the Act's requirements .

           2. General

 The definition includes only a natural per-
son. It does not include artificial entities
 (e.g., partnerships, corporations, trusts, es-
tates, cooperatives, associations, government
 created by statutes (e.g., governments, gov-
 ernmental subdivisions or agencies).

 Section 603(d) defines consumer report to
 mean "any written, oral, or other communi-
cation of any information by a consumer
reporting agency bearing on a consumer's
  credit worthiness, credit standing, credit ca-
pacity, character, general reputation, per-
sonal characteristics, or mode of living
which is used or expected to be used or col-
lected in whole or in part for the purpose of
serving as a factor in establishing the con-
sumer's eligibility for (1) credit or insurance
to be used primarily for personal, family, or
 household purchases, or (2) employment pur-
poses, or (3) other purposes authorized under
  Section 604" (with three specific exclusions).

               1. Relation to "Consumer Reporting' Agency

  To be a "consumer report,” the informa-
tion must be furnished by a "consumer reporting
agency” as that term is defined in section
603(f). Conversely, the term "consumer re-
porting agency" is restricted to persons that 
regularly engage in assembling or evaluating
  consumer credit information or other infor-
mation on consumers for the purpose of fur-
  nishing "consumer reports" to third parties.

                                          547
Pt. 600, App.  16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)
In other words, the terms “consumer reporting agency” in section 603(f) and “consumer report” in section 603(d) are mutually dependent and must therefore be construed together. For example, information is not a “consumer report” if the person furnishing the information is clearly not a “consumer reporting agency” (e.g., if the person furnishing the information does not regularly furnish such information for monetary fees or on a cooperative nonprofit basis).
2. Relation to the Applicability of the Act
If a report is not a “consumer report,” then the Act does not usually apply to it.1 For example, because a commercial credit report is not a report on a consumer, it is not a “consumer report.” Therefore, the user need not notify the subject of the name and address of the credit bureau when taking adverse action, and the provider need not omit “obsolete” information, as would be required if the FCRA applied.
3. Report Concerning a “Consumer’s” Credit Worthiness, Credit Standing, Credit Capacity, Character, General Reputation, Personal Characteristics, or Mode of Living.
A. General. A “consumer report” is a report on a “consumer” to be used for consumer purposes involving that consumer.
B. Artificial entities. Reports about corporations, associations, and other collective entities are not consumer reports, and the Act does not apply to them.
C. Reports on businesses for business purposes. Reports used to determine the eligibility of a business, rather than a consumer, for credit, insurance, etc. are not consumer reports and the FCRA does not apply to them, even if they contain information on individuals, because Congress did not intend for the FCRA to apply to reports used for commercial purposes (see 116 Cong. Rec. 36572 (1970) (Conf. Report on H.R. 15073)).
4. “Credit Worthiness, Credit Standing, Credit Capacity, Character, General Reputation, Personal Characteristics, or Mode of Living.” * * *
A. General. To be a “consumer report,” the information must bear on at least one of the seven characteristics listed in this definition.
B. Credit guides. Credit guides are listings, furnished by credit bureaus to creditors, that rate how well consumers pay their bills. Credit guides are series of “consumer reports,” because they contain information which is used for the purpose of serving as a factor in establishing the consumer’s eligibility for credit. However, if they are coded by identification such as social security number, driver’s license number, or bank account number so that the consumer’s identity is not disclosed, they are not “consumer reports” until decoded.
C. Motor vehicle reports. Motor vehicle reports are distributed by state motor vehicle departments, generally to insurance companies upon request, and usually reveal a consumer’s entire driving record, including arrests for driving offenses. Such reports are consumer reports when they are used by a Department of Motor Vehicles for insurance underwriting purposes and contain information bearing on the consumer’s “personal characteristics,” such as arrest information. The Act’s legislative history indicates Congress intended the Act to cover mutually beneficial exchanges of information between commercial enterprises rather than between governmental agencies. For that reason, motor vehicle reports are not consumer reports when provided to other governmental authorities involved in licensing or law enforcement activities. (See discussion titled “State Departments of Motor Vehicles,” under section 603(f), item 10 infra.)
D. Consumer lists. A list of the names of creditworthy individuals, or of individuals on whom credit bureaus have derogatory information, is a series of “consumer reports” because the information was given for valuable consideration from a consumer reporting agency.
E. Public record information. A report solely of public record information is not a “consumer report” unless that information is provided by a consumer reporting agency, is collected or used for the purposes identified in section 603(d), and bears on at least one of the seven characteristics listed in the definition. Public record information relating to records of arrest, or the institution or disposition of civil or criminal proceedings, bears on one or more of these characteristics.
F. Name and address. A report limited solely to the consumer’s name and address alone, with no connotations as to credit worthiness or other characteristics, does not constitute a “consumer report,” if it does not bear on any of the seven factors.
G. Rental characteristics. Reports about rental characteristics (e.g., consumer’s evictions, rental payment histories, treatment of premises) are consumer reports, because they relate to character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living.
548
Federal Trade Commission

5. "Used or Expected to be Used or Collected in Whole or in Part for the Purpose of Serving as a Factor in Establishing the Consumer's Eligibility * * *"

A. Law enforcement bulletins. Bulletins that are limited to a series of descriptions, sometimes accompanied by photographs, of individuals who are being sought by law enforcement authorities for alleged crimes are a series of "consumer reports" because they have not been collected for use in evaluating consumers for credit, insurance, employment or other consumer purposes, and it cannot reasonably be anticipated they will be used for such purposes.

B. Directories. Telephone directories and city directories, to the extent they only provide information regarding name, address and phone number, marital status, home ownership, and number of children, are not "consumer reports," because the information is not used or expected to be used in evaluating consumers for credit, insurance, employment or other purposes and does not reflect on a consumer's credit worthiness, credit standing or credit capacity. A directory of individuals with checking accounts is not a series of consumer reports because the information does not bear on credit worthiness or any of the other factors. A trade directory, such as a list of insurance agents licensed to do business in a state, is not a series of consumer reports because it is commercial information that would be used for commercial purposes.

C. Use of prior consumer report in preparation. A report that would not otherwise be a consumer report may be a consumer report, notwithstanding the purpose for which it is furnished, if it includes a prior consumer report, or information from consumer report files, because it would contain some information "collected in whole or in part" for consumer reporting purposes. For example, an insurance claims report would be a consumer report if a consumer report (or information from a consumer report) were used to prepare it. (See discussion, infra, in item 6-C under this subsection.)

D. Use of report for purposes not anticipated by the reporting party. The question arises whether a report that is not otherwise a consumer report is subject to the FCRA because the recipient subsequently uses the report for a permissible purpose. If the reporting party's procedures are such that it neither knows nor should reasonably anticipate such use, the report is not a consumer report. If a reporting party has taken reasonable steps to insure that its report is not used for such a purpose, and if it neither knows of, nor can reasonably anticipate such use, the report should not be deemed a consumer report by virtue of its use by the reporting party's control. A reporting party might establish that it does not reasonably anticipate such use of the report by requiring the recipient to certify that the report will not be used for the purposes listed in section 604. (Such procedure may be compared to the requirement in section 607(a), discussed infra, that consumer reporting agencies furnish consumer reports require that prospective users certify the purposes for which the information is sought and certify that the information will be used for no other purpose.) For example, a claims reporting service could use such a certification to avoid having its insurance claims reports deemed "consumer reports" if the report recipient/insurer were to use the report later for "underwriting purposes" under section 604(3)(c), such as terminating insurance coverage or raising the premium.

6. "(E)stablishing the Consumer's Eligibility for (1) Credit or Insurance to be Used Primarily for Personal, Family or Household Purposes or (2) Employment Purposes, or (3) Other Purposes Authorized Under Section 604"

A. Relation to section 604. Because section 603(d) refers to "purposes authorized under section 604" (often described as "permissible purposes" of consumer reports), some of which overlap purposes enumerated in section 603 (e.g., 603(d)(1) and 603(d)(2)), sections 603 and 604 must be construed together to determine what are "consumer reports" and "permissible purposes" under the two sections. See discussion infra.

B. Commercial credit or insurance report on a consumer for credit or insurance in connection with a business operated by the consumer is not a "consumer report," because section 604 does not apply to it.

C. Insurance claims report. (It is assumed that information in private claim reports is not used in claims reports. See discussion, supra, in item 6-C under this subsection.) Reports provided by insurance services to loss evaluation services solely to determine the validity of insurance claims are not consumer reports, because section 603(d)(2)(C) specifically sets forth only underwriting (not claims) as an insurance-related purpose, and section 604(3)(c) addresses specifically unique eligibility insurance and no other insurance-related purposes. To construe section 604(3)(c) as including claims furnished in connection with insurance claims would be to extend the specific language of sections 604(3)(C) and 603(d).

D. Use of employment purposes. A report that is used or is expected to be used or collected in whole or in part in connection with establishing a consumer's eligibility for "promotion, reassignment or retention," as well as to evaluate a job applicant, is a consumer report because section 603(d)(3)(B) and section 604(b) use the term "employment purposes," which section 603(h) defines to include these situations.

549
§ E. Bad check lists. A report indicating that an individual has issued bad checks, provided by printed list or otherwise, to a business for use in determining whether to accept consumers’ checks tendered in transactions primarily for personal, family or household purposes, is a consumer report. The information furnished bears on consumers’ character, general reputation and personal characteristics, and it is used or expected to be used in connection with business transactions involving consumers.

F. Tenant screening reports. A report used to determine whether to rent a residence to a consumer is a consumer report, because it is used for a business transaction that the consumer wishes to enter into for personal, family or household purposes.

7. Exclusions From the Definition of “Consumer Report”

A. “(Any) report containing information solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and the person making the report.”—(1) Examples of Sources. The exemption applies to consumer reports of transactions or experiences between the consumer and the entity making the report (e.g., retail stores, hospitals, present or former employers, banks, mortgage servicing companies, credit unions, or universities).

(2) Information beyond the reporting entity’s own transactions or experiences with the consumer. The exemption does not apply to reports that include elsewhere information beyond their own transactions or experiences with the consumer. An example is a creditor’s report on a consumer’s report of the reasons it cancelled credit or insurance, based on information from an outside source.

(3) Opinions Concerning Transactions or Experiences

The exemption applies to reports that are not limited to the facts, but also include opinions (e.g., use of the term “slow pay” to describe a consumer’s transactions with a creditor), as long as the facts underlying the opinions involve only transactions or experiences between the consumer and the reporting entity.

B. “(Any) authorization or approval of a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly by the issuer of a credit card or similar device.”—(1) General. The exemption applies to a credit or debit card issuer’s written, oral, or electronic communication of its decision whether or not to authorize a charge, in response to a request from a merchant or other party that the consumer has asked to honor the card.

C. “(Any) report in which a person who has been requested by a third party to make a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly to the consumer conveys his decision with respect to such request, if the third party advises the consumer of the name and address of the person to whom the request was made and such person makes the disclosure to the consumer required under section 615.”—(1) General. The exemption covers retailers’ attempts to obtain credit for their individual customers from an outside source (such as a bank or a finance company). The communication by the financial institution of its decision whether to extend credit is not a “consumer report” if the retailer informes the customer of the name and address of the financial institution to which the application information was offered and the financial institution makes the disclosures required by section 615 of the Act. Such disclosures must be made only when there is a denial of, or increase in the charge for, credit or insurance. (See discussion of section 615, item 10, infra.)

(2) Information included in the exemption. The exemption is not limited to a simple “yes” or “no” response, but includes the information constituting the basis for the credit denial, because it applies to “any report.”

(3) How third party creditors ensure that the appropriate disclosures are made. Various requested by dealers or merchants who seek to make specific extensions of credit, can ensure that communication of their decision back to the dealer or merchant will be exempt under this section from the term “consumer report,” by having written agreements that require such parties to inform the consumer of the creditor’s name and address and by complying with any applicable provisions of the Act. Section 603(d) defines “investigative consumer report” as a “consumer report or portion thereof in which information on a consumer’s character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living is obtained through personal interviews with neighbors, friends, or associates of the consumer reported on or with others with whom he is acquainted or who may have knowledge concerning such items of information.” However, such information shall not include specific factual information on a consumer’s credit record obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from a consumer reporting agency when such information was obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from the consumer.

I. Relation to Other Sections

The terms investigative consumer report denotes a subset of “consumer report” for which the Act imposes additional requirements on recipients and consumer reporting agencies. Persons procuring “investigative consumer reports” must make certain disclosures to the consumers who are the subject of these reports, as required by section 606. Consumer reporting agencies must comply with section 614, when furnishing “investigative consumer reports” containing adverse information that is not a matter of public record. Consumer
Federal Trade Commission                                                                                                                  Pt. 600, App.

reporting agencies making disclosure to consumers pursuant to section 609 are not required to disclose “sources of information acquired solely for use in preparing an investigative consumer report and actually used for no other purpose.”

2. General

An “investigative consumer report” is a type of “consumer report” that contains information that is both related to a subject’s character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living and obtained by personal interviews with the subject’s neighbors, friends, associates or others.

3. Types of Sources Interviewed

A report consisting of information from any third party concerning the subject’s character (reputation, etc.) may be an investigative consumer report because the phrase “obtained through personal interviews * * * with others” includes any source that is a third party interviewee. A report containing interview information obtained solely from the subject is not an “investigative consumer report.”

4. Telephone Interviews

A consumer report that contains information on a consumer’s “character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living” obtained through telephone interviews with third parties is an “investigative consumer report,” because “personal interviews” include interviews conducted by telephone as well as in person.

5. Identity of Interviewer

A consumer report is an “investigative consumer report” if personal interviews are used to obtain information reported on a consumer’s “character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living,” regardless of who conducted the interview.

6. Noninvestigative Information in “Investigative Consumer Reports”

An “investigative consumer report” may also contain noninvestigative information, because the definition includes reports, a “portion” of which are investigative reports.

7. Exclusions From “Investigative Consumer Reports”

A report that consists solely of information gathered from observation by one who drives by the consumer’s residence is not an “investigative consumer report,” because it contains no information from “personal interviews.”

Section 603(f) defines “consumer reporting agency” as “any person which, for monetary fees, dues, or on a cooperative nonprofit basis, regularly engages in whole or in part in the practice of assembling or evaluating consumer credit information or other information on consumers for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports to third parties, and which uses any means or facility of interstate commerce for the purpose of preparing or furnishing consumer reports.”

1. Relation to Other Sections

a. Duties imposed on “consumer reporting agencies.” The Act imposes a number of duties to on “consumer reporting agencies.” They must have permissible purposes to furnish consumer reports (section 604), avoid furnishing obsolete adverse information 605, 607(a)), section consumer reports adopt reasonable procedures to assure privacy section 604, 607(a)), and accuracy (section (section 607(d)) of consumer reports, provide only limited disclosures to governmental agencies (section 608), provide consumers certain disclosures upon request (sections 609 and 610 at no cost or for a reasonable charge (section 612), follow certain procedures if a consumer disputes interna- item of information contained in his file (section 611), and follow certain procedures for removing public record information for employment purposes or when reporting adverse information other than public record information in investigative consumer reports (sections 613, 614).

b. Relation to “consumer reports.” The term consumer reporting agency, as defined in section 603(f), includes certain persons who assemble or evaluate information on individuals “for the purpose of furnishing “consumer reports” to third parties. Conversely, section 603(d) defines the term consumer report to mean the “communication of information by a “consumer reporting agency.” In other words, the terms “consumer report” in section 603(d) and “consumer reporting agency” as defined in section 603(f) are dependent by a mutually dependent manner and must therefore construed together. For example, a party is not a “consumer reporting agency” if it provides only information that is excepted from the definition of “consumer report” under section 603(d), and such reports limited to the party’s own transactions or experiences with a consumer, or credit information on organizations.

2. Isolated Reports                                                                                                                               

Parties that do not “regularly” engage in assembling or evaluating information for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports to third parties are not consumer reporting agencies. For example, a creditor that furnished information on a consumer to a governmental entity in connection with one of its investigations, would not “regularly” be making such disclosure for a fee or on a cooperative nonprofit basis, and therefore

551
Pt. 600, App.                                                                 16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)
would not become a consumer reporting employer in connection with the purposes for
agency, even if the information exceeded the which the reports were initially obtained.
creditor’s transactions or experiences with
the consumer.                                                               9. Loan Exchanges
                                                             Loan exchanges, which are generally
3. Provision of Credit Report to Report owned and operated on a cooperative basis
Subject by consumer finance companies, constitute a
A consumer report user does not become a mechanism whereby each member furnishes
consumer reporting agency by regularly giv- the exchange information concerning the
ing a copy of the report, or otherwise dis- full identity and loan amount of each of its
closing it, to the consumer who is the sub- borrowers, and receives information from the
ject of the report, because it is not disclosing exchange concerning the number and types
the information to a ‘‘third party.’’        of outstanding loans for each of its appli-
cants. A loan exchange or any other ex-   
4. Employment Agency                        change that regularly collects information
An employment agency that routinely ob- bearing on decisions to grant consumers
tains information on job applicants from credit or insurance for personal, family 
their former employers and furnishes the in- household purposes, or employment, is a
formation to prospective employers is a con- ‘‘consumer reporting agency.’’
sumer reporting agency.                    


5. Information Compiled for Insurance                          10. State Departments of Motor Vehicles
Underwriting           State motor vehicle departments are ‘‘con-
A business that compiles claim payment sumer reporting agencies’’ if they regularly 
histories on individuals from insurers and furnish motor vehicle reports containing in-
furnishes them to insurance companies for formation bearing on the consumer’s general
use in underwriting decisions concerning moral characteristics,’’ such as arrest infor-
those individuals is a consumer reporting mation, to insurance companies for insur-
agency.                                   ance underwriting purposes. (See discussion
                                   of motor vehicle reports under section 603(d)
6. Private Investigators and Detective in note supra.)
Agencies
Private investigators and detective agen-                   11. Federal Agencies
cies that regularly obtain consumer reports The Office of Personnel Management col-
and furnish them to clients may thereby be- lects and files data concerning present and
come consumer reporting agencies.       potential employees of the Federal Govern-
  ment and transmits that information to
7. Collection Agencies and Creditors    other government agencies for employment
Collection agencies and creditors become purposes. Because Congress did not intend 
consumer reporting agencies if they regular- that the FCRA apply to the Office of Per-
ly furnish information beyond their trans- sonnel Management and similar federal
actions or experiences with consumers to agencies (see 116 Cong. Rec. 36576 (1970) (re-
third parties for use in connection with its marks of Rep. Brown)), no such agency is a
consumers’ transactions.       ‘‘consumer reporting agency.’’

8. Joint Users of Consumer Reports                    12. Credit Application Information
Entities that share consumer reports with A creditor that provides information from
others that are jointly involved in decisions a consumer’s application to a credit bureau,
for which there are permissible purposes to for verification as part of the creditor’s evalu-
obtain the reports may be ‘‘joint users’’ rath- ation process that includes obtaining a re-
er than consumer reporting agencies. For ex- port on the consumer from that credit bu- 
ample, if a lender forwards consumer reports reau, does not thereby become a ‘‘consumer 
to governmental agencies administering loan reporting agency,’ because the creditor does 
guarantee programs (or to other prospective not provide the information for ‘‘fees, dues,
grantors or purchasers), or to other par- or on a cooperative nonprofit basis,’’ but
ties whose approval is needed before it only rather pays the bureau to verify the informa-
grants credit, or to another creditor for use tion when it provides a consumer report to
in considering a consumer’s loan application the applicant.
at the consumer’s request, the lender does    Section 603(f) defines file, when used in
not become a consumer reporting agency by connection with information on any con-
virtue of such action. An agent or employee sumer, to mean ‘‘all of the information on
that obtains consumer reports does not be- that consumer recorded and retained by a
come a consumer reporting agency by shar- consumer reporting agency regardless of how
ing such reports with its principal or em- the information is stored.’’
                                                                                        552
Federal Trade Commission

1. Relation to Other Sections

Consumer reporting agencies are required to make disclosures of all information in their "files" to consumers upon request (section 609) and to follow reinvestigation procedures if the consumer disputes the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in his "file" (section 611).

2. General

The term file denotes all information on the consumer that is recorded and retained by a consumer reporting agency that might be furnished, or has been furnished, in a consumer report on that consumer.

3. Audit Trail

The term "file" does not include an "audit trail" (a list of changes made by a consumer reporting agency to a consumer's credit history record, maintained to detect fraudulent changes to that record), because such information is not furnished in consumer reports or used as a basis for preparing them.

4. Other Information

The term "file'' does not include information in billing records or in the consumer relations folder that a consumer reporting agency opens when a consumer who obtains disclosures or files a dispute, if the information has not been used in a consumer report and would not be used in preparing one. 

Section 603(h) defines employment purposes to mean "a report used for the purpose of evaluating a consumer for employment, promotion, reassignment or retention as an employee."

1. Relations to Other Sections

The term employment purposes is used as part of the definition of "consumer report" in section 603(d)(1) and as a permissible purpose for the furnishing of consumer reports (section 604(a)(3)(B)). Where an investigative consumer report is to be used for "employment purposes" for which a consumer has not specifically applied, section 606(a)(2) provides that the notice otherwise required by section 606(a)( 1) need not be sent. When a consumer reporting agency furnishes public record information in reports "for employment purposes," it must follow the procedures set out in section 613.

2. Security Clearances

A report in connection with security clearances of a government contractor's employees would be for "employment purposes'' under this section.

Section 603(g) defines medical information to mean information or records obtained, with the consent of the individual to whom it relates, from licensed physicians or medical practitioners, hospitals, clinics, or other medical or medically related facilities.

1. Relation to Other Sections

Under section 609(a)(1), a consumer reporting agency must, upon the consumer's request and proper identification, disclose the nature and substance of all information in its files on the consumer, except "medical information."

2. Information From Non-medical Sources

Information from non-medical sources such as employers, is not "medical information."

Section 604-Permissible Purposes of Reports

"A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other: * * * 
1. Relation to Section 603 

Sections 603(d)(3) and 604 must be construed together to determine what are "permissible purposes." Reference to section 604 refers to "purposes authorized under section 604" (often described as "permissible purposes" of consumer reports), and some purposes are enumerated in section 603 (e.g., sections 603(d)(1) and 603(d)(2)). Because the sections 603 and 604 that specifically set forth "permissible purposes" relating to credit, insurance and employment, are the only subsections that cover permissible purposes relating to those three areas. Section 603(d)(3)(E), a general subsection, is limited to purposes not otherwise addressed in Section 603(d) (3)(A)- (D).

    A. Credit. Sections 603(d)(1) through (d)(1)(F) when defines "consumer report" to include certain reports for the purpose of serving as a factor in establishing the consumer's eligibility for credit or insurance primarily for personal, family, or household purposes-and 604(a)(3)(A) must be read together as fully describing permissible purposes involving credit, or obtaining consumers reports (including section 604(a)(3)(A) permits the furnishing of a consumer report for use in connection with a credit transaction involving the consumer primarily for personal, family or household purposes, and involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an account of, the consumer.

    B. Insurance. Sections 603(d)(1) and 604(a)(3)(C) must be read together as describing the only permissible insurance purposes for obtaining consumer reports. Accordingly, section 604(a)(3)(C) permits the furnishing of a consumer report, provided it is for use in connection with the underwriting of insurance involving the consumer, primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.
    
    C. Employment. Employment is covered exclusively by sections 603(d)(2) and 604(a)(3)(B).

553
Pt. 600, App.                                                                                                                          16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

and by section 603(h) (which defines ‘‘employment purposes’’). Therefore, ‘‘permissible purposes’’ relating to employment include reports used for evaluating a consumer ‘‘for employment, promotion, reassignment or retention as an employee.’’ D. Other purposes. ‘‘Other purposes’’ are referred to in section 603(m) and covered by section 604(a)(3), as well as sections 604(f), 604(g), and 604(i)(1)(B), which contain specific purposes not involving credit, insurance, employment. Permissible purposes relating to section 604(a)(3)(E) are limited to transactions that consumers enter into primarily for personal, family or household purposes (excluding credit, insurance or employment, which are specifically covered by other subsections discussed above). The FCRA does not cover reports furnished for transactions that consumers enter into primarily in connection with businesses they operate (e.g., a consumer’s rental of equipment for use in his retail store).

2. Relation to Other Sections A. Section 604. Section 604 requires consumer reporting agencies to keep information confidential by furnishing consumer reports only for the purposes listed in section 604, and to follow specified, reasonable procedures to achieve this end. Section 619 provides criminal sanctions against any person who knowingly and willfully obtains information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretenses. B. Section 606. Section 606 allows ‘‘consumer reporting agencies’ to furnish governmental agencies reports identifying information concerning consumers, notwithstanding the limitations of section 604. Section 605(h)—A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report in response to the order of a court having jurisdiction to issue such an order.’’

1. Subpoena

 A subpoena, including a grand jury subpoena, is not an ‘‘order of a court” unless signed by a judge.

2. Internal Revenue Service Summons

An I.R.S. summons is an exception to the requirement that an order be signed by a judge before it constitutes an ‘‘order of a court’’ under this section, because a 1976 revision to Federal statutes (26 U.S.C. 7609) specifically requires a consumer reporting agency to furnish a consumer report in response to an I.R.S. summons upon receipt of the agency’s I.R.S. certificate that the consumer has not filed a timely motion to quash the summons. Section 604(b)—A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report ‘‘in accordance with the written instructions of the consumer to whom it relates.’’

1. No Other Permissible Purpose Needed

If the report subject furnishes written authorization for a report, that creates a permissible purpose for furnishing the report.

2. Refusal To Furnish Report

The consumer reporting agency may refuse to furnish the report because the statute is permissive, not mandatory. (Requirements that consumer reporting agencies make disclosure to consumers (as contrasted with furnishing reports to users) are discussed under sections 609 and 610, infra.) Section 604(a)(3)(A)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report ‘‘to a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information in connection with a credit transaction involving the consumer on whom the information is to be furnished and involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an account of, the consumer’’

 1. Reports Sought in Connection with the ‘Review or Collection of an Account’ 

A. Reports for collection. A collection agency has a permissible purpose under this section to receive a consumer report on a consumer for use in attempting to collect the consumer’s debt, regardless of whether that debt is assigned or referred for collection. Similarly, a detective agency or a private investigator, attempting to collect a debt owed by a consumer, would have a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on that individual for use in collecting that debt. An attorney may obtain a consumer report in connection with a decision whether to sue that individual to collect an unpaid account. B. Unsolicited reports. A consumer reporting agency may not send an unsolicited consumer report to the recipient of a previous report on the same consumer, because the recipient will not necessarily have a permissible purpose to receive the unsolicited report.2 For example, the recipient may have rejected the consumer’s application or ceased to do business with the consumer. (See also discussion in section 607, item 2G, infra.)

2. Judgment Creditors 

A judgment creditor has a permissible purpose to receive a consumer report on the judgment debtor for use in connection with the collection of the judgment debt, because it is
                                                                                                                                                                                                            2Of course a consumer reporting agency must furnish notifications required under section 611(d), upon the consumer’s requests, to prior recipients of reports containing disputed information that is deleted or that is the subject of a dispute statement under section 611(b).                                                                                     554
Federal Trade Commission

in the same position as any creditor attempting to collect a debt from a consumer who is the subject of a consumer report.

3. Child Support Debts

A district attorney’s office or other child support agency may obtain a consumer report in connection with enforcement of the report subject’s child support obligations established by court (or quasi-judicial administrative) orders, since the agency is acting as on behalf of the judgment creditor, and is, in effect, collecting a debt. However, a consumer reporting agency may not furnish consumer reports to child support agencies seeking to establish paternity or the duty to pay child support.

4. Tax Obligations

A tax collection agency has no general permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report to collect delinquent tax accounts, because this subsection applies only to collection of “credit” accounts. However, if a tax collection agency agrees and a lien having the same effect as a judgment or renewed judgment, it would be a judgment creditor and would have a permissible purpose for obtaining a consumer report on the consumer who owed the tax. Similarly, if a consumer taxpayer entered an agreement with a tax agency relating to tax payments according to some timetable, that agreement would create a debtor-creditor relationship, thereby giving the agency a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on that consumer.

5. Information on Application’s Spouse

A. Permisible purpose. A creditor may request any information concerning an applicant’s spouse if that spouse will be permitted to use the account or will be contractually liable upon the account, or the application is relying on the spouse’s income as a basis for repayment of the credit requested. A creditor may request any information concerning an applicant’s spouse if (1) the state law doctrine of necessaries applies to the transaction, or (2) the applicant resides in a community property state, or (3) the property upon which the applicant is relying as a basis for repayment of the credit requested is located in such a state, or (4) the applicant is acting as the agent of the nonapplicant spouse.

B. Lack of permisible purpose. If the creditor receives information clearly indicating that the applicant is not acting as the agent of the nonapplicant spouse, and that the applicant is relying only on separate property to repay the credit extended, and that the state law doctrine of necessaries does not apply to the transaction and that the applicant does not reside in a community property state, the creditor does not have a permissible purpose for obtaining a report on a nonapplicant spouse. A permissible purpose for making a consumer report on a nonapplicant spouse can never exist under the FCRA, where Regulation B, issued under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (12 CFR 202), prohibits the creditor form requesting information on such spouse. There is no permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on a nonapplicant former spouse or on a nonapplicant spouse who has legally separated or otherwise indicated an intent to legally disassociate with the marriage. (This does not preclude reporting a prior joint credit account of former spouses for which the spouse that is the subject of the report is still contractually liable. See discussion in section 607, item 3-b infra).

6. Prescreening

Prescreening means the process whereby a consumer reporting agency compiles or edits a list of consumers who meet specific criteria and provides this list to the client or a third party (such as a market research company) on the condition that the client or third party will use the list solely to make a firm offer of credit or insurance to each consumer on the list. Prescreening clients may request consumer reporting agencies to use one or more criteria from among the client’s list of consumers or for the client’s products or services. The process may also include demographic or other analysis of the consumers on the list (e.g., use of census tract data reflecting real estate values by the consumer reporting agency or by the company employed for that purpose (by either the agency or its client) before the list is provided to the consumer reporting agency’s client. In such situations, the client’s creditworthiness criteria may be provided only to the consumer reporting agency and not to third party performing the demographic analysis. The consumer reporting agency that performs a “prescreening” service normally is familiar with several different lists of consumers who meet different sets of creditworthiness criteria supplied by the client, who intends to make different credit offers (e.g., various credit limits) to consumers who meet the different criteria.

A prescreened list constitutes a series of consumer reports, because the list conveys the information that each consumer named meets certain criteria for creditworthiness. Prescreening is permissible under the FCRA if the client agrees in advance that each consumer whose name is on the list after prescreening will receive an offer for credit. In these circumstances, as described in the record for the prescreening service, permissible section, because of the client’s present intent to grant credit to all consumers on the final list, with the result that the information is used “in connection with credit transaction involving the consumer” when the information is to be furnished in delivering the extension of credit to * * * the consumer.

555
Pt. 600, App.
16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

7. Seller of Property Extending Credit
A seller of property has a permissible purpose under this subsection to obtain a con- sumer report on a prospective purchaser to whom he is planning to extend credit.

8. Uncoded Credit Guides
A consumer reporting agency may not fur- nish an uncoded credit guide, because the re- cipient does not have a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on each con- sumer listed. (As discussed under section 603(d), item 4 supra, credit guides are listings that credit bureaus furnish to credit grantors, rating how consumers pay their bills. Such guides are a series of ‘‘consumer reports’’ on the ‘‘consumers’’ listed therein, unless coded so that the consumer’s identity is not disclosed.)

9. Liability for Bad Checks
A party attempting to recover the amount due on a bad check is attempting to collect a debt and, therefore, has a permissible pur- pose to obtain a consumer report on the con- sumer who wrote it, and on any other con- sumer who is liable for the amount of that or another applicable state law.
Section 604(a)(3)(B)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to ‘‘a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information for employ- ment purposes:’’

1. Current Employees
An employer may obtain a consumer re- port on a current employee in connection with an investigation of the disappearance of money from employer premises, because ‘‘retention as an employee’’ is included in the definition of ‘‘employment purposes’’ (section 603(h)).

2. Consumer Reports on Applicants and Nonapplicants
An employer may obtain a consumer re- port for use in evaluating the subject’s appli- cation for employment but may not obtain a consumer report to evaluate the application of a consumer who is not the subject of the report.

3. Grand Jurors
The fact that grand jurors are usually paid a stipend for their service does not provide a district attorney’s office a permissible pur- pose for obtaining consumer reports on them, because such service is a duty, not employment.
Section 604(a)(3)(C)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to ‘‘a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information in connection with the underwriting of insurance involving the consumer;’’

1. Underwriting
An insurer may obtain a consumer report to decide whether or not to issue a policy to the consumer, the amount and terms of cov- erage, the duration of the policy, the rates or fees charged, or whether or not to renew or cancel a policy, because these are all ‘‘under- writing’’ decisions.

2. Claims
An insurer may not obtain a consumer re- port for the purpose of evaluating a claim (to ascertain its validity or otherwise determine what action should be taken), because per- missible purposes relating to insurance are limited by this section to ‘‘underwriting’’ purposes.
Section 604(a)(3)(D)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to ‘‘a person which it has reason to believe * * * intends to use the information in connection with a determination of the consumer’s eligi- bility for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental instrumentality required by law to consider an applicant’s financial responsibility or status * * *’’

1. Appropriate Recipient
Any party charged by law (including a rule or regulation having the force of law) with responsibility for assessing the consumer’s eligibility for the benefit (not one then enjoy ing) directly responsible for administering the benefit) has a permissible purpose to receive a consumer report. For example, a district attorney’s office or social services bureau, required by law to consider a consum- er’s financial status in determining whether that consumer qualifies for welfare benefits, has a permissible purpose to obtain a report, on the consumer for that purpose. Similarly, con- sumer reporting agencies may furnish con- sumer reports to townships on consumers whose financial status the township is re- quired by law to consider in determining the consumers’ eligibility for assistance, or to professional boards (e.g., bar examiners) re- quired by law to consider such information on applicants for admission to practice.

2. Inappropriate Recipient
Parties not charged with the responsibility of determining a consumer’s eligibility for a license or other benefit, for example, a party competing for an FCC radio station con- struction permit, would not have a permis- sible purpose to obtain a consumer report on that consumer.

3. Initial or Continuing Benefit
The permissible purpose includes the de- termination of a consumer’s continuing eligi- bility for a benefit, as well as the determina- tion of a consumer’s initial application for a benefit. If the governmental body has reason

556
Federal Trade Commission  Pt. 600, App. to believe a particular consumer’s eligibility is in doubt, or wishes to conduct random checks to confirm eligibility, it has a permissible purpose to receive a consumer report.
   Section 604(3)(E)—A consumer reporting agency may issue a consumer report to “a person which it has reason to believe * * * otherwise has a legitimate business need for the information in connection with a business transaction involving the consumer.”
    1. Relation to Other Subsections of Section 604(3)
   The issue of whether credit, employment, or insurance provides a permissible purpose is determined exclusively by reference to subsection (A), (B), or (C), respectively.
    2. Commercial Transactions
   The term business transaction in this section means a business transaction with a consumer primarily for personal, family, or household purposes. Business transactions that involve purely commercial purposes are not covered by the FCRA.
    3. “Legitimate Business Need”
   Under this subsection, a party has a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on a consumer for use in connection with a transaction involving the consumer from which he or she might expect to receive a benefit that is not more specifically covered by subsection (A), (B), or (C). For example, a consumer report may be obtained on a consumer who applies to rent an apartment, offers to make a deposit with a merchant, applies for a checking account or similar service, seeks to be included in a computer dating service, or who has sought and received over-payments of government benefits that he has refused to return.
    4. Litigation
   The possibility that a party may be involved in litigation involving a consumer does not provide a permissible purpose for that party to receive a consumer report on such consumer under this subsection because litigation is not a “business transaction” involving the consumer. Therefore, potential plaintiffs may not always obtain reports on potential defendants to determine whether they are worth suing. The implication that gives rise to the litigation may or may not provide a permissible purpose. A party seeking to see or a debtor etc. would have a permissible purpose under section 604(3)(4). (That section also permits judgment creditors and lien creditors to obtain consumer reports on judgment debtors on consumer whose property is subject to the lien creditor’s lien.) If that transaction is a business transaction involving the consumer, there is a permissible purpose. If the litigation arises from a tort, there is no permissable purpose. Similarly, a consumer report may not be obtained solely for use in discrediting a witness at trial or for locating a witness. This section does not permit consumer reporting agencies to furnish consumer reports for the purpose of locating a person suspected of committing a crime. (As stated in the discussion of section 608 infra (item 2), section 608 permits the furnishing of specified, limited identifying information to governmental agencies, notwithstanding the provisions of section 604.)
    5. Impermissible Purposes
   A consumer reporting agency may not furnish a consumer report to satisfy a requester’s curiosity, or for use by a news reporter in preparing a newspaper or magazine article.
    6. Agents
   A. General. An agent^3 of a party with a “permissible purpose” may obtain a consumer report on behalf of his principal. The key is the report is on behalf of the principal where he is a permissable purpose. Such involvement may include the agent’s making a decision (or taking action) for the principal, or assisting the principal in making the decision (e.g., by evaluating information). In these circumstances, the agent is acting as an agent of the principal. In some cases, the agent and principal are referred to as “joint users.” See discussion in section 603(t), 523 supra.
   B. Real estate agents. A real estate agent may obtain a consumer report on behalf of a seller, to evaluate the ability of a prospective purchaser of a subject who has expressed an interest in purchasing the property from the seller.
   C. Private detective agency. A private detective agency may obtain a consumer report as an agent for its client while investigating a report subject that is a client’s prospective employee, or in connection with advising a client concerning a business transaction with the report subject or in attempting to collect a debt owed its client by the subject of the report. In these circumstances, the detective agency is acting on behalf of its client.
   D. Rental clearance agency. A rental clearance agency that obtains consumer reports to assist owners of residential property in screening consumers as tenants, has a permissible purpose to obtain the report. If its business includes advising landlords whether to approve or disapprove the subjects as tenants applicants. Similarly, an apartment manager investigating applicants for apartment rentals by a landlord may obtain consumer reports on these applicants.
________________________________
   
^3 Of course agents and principals are bound by the Act.
Pt. 600, App.                                                                                                                                                                   16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

E. Attorney. An attorney collecting a debt for a creditor client, including a party suing on a debt or collecting on behalf of a judgment creditor or lien creditor, has a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on the debtor to the same extent as the client.

Section 604—General

1. Furnishing of Consumer Reports to Other Consumer Reporting Agencies

A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report to another consumer reporting agency for it to furnish pursuant to a subscriber’s request. In these circumstances, one consumer reporting agency is acting on behalf of another.

2. Consumer’s Permission not Needed

When permissible purposes exist, parties may obtain, and consumer reporting agencies may furnish, consumer reports without the consumers’ permission or over their objection. Similarly, parties may furnish information concerning their transactions with consumers to consumer reporting agencies and others, and consumer reporting agencies may gather information, without consumers’ permission.

3. User’s Disclosure of Report to Subject

The FCRA does not prohibit a consumer report user from giving a copy of the report, or otherwise disclosing it, to the consumer who is the subject of the report.

Section 605—Obsolete Information

‘‘(a) Except as authorized under subsection (b), no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information: * * *

(b) The provisions of subsection (a) are not applicable in the case of any consumer credit report to be used in connection with—

(1) a credit transaction involving, or which may reasonably be expected to involve, a principal amount of $50,000 or more;
(2) the underwriting of life insurance involving, or which may reasonably be expected to involve, a face amount of $50,000 or more; or
(3) the employment of any individual at an annual salary which equals, or which may reasonably be expected to equal $20,000, or more.’’

1. General

Section 605(a) provides that most adverse information more than seven years old may not be reported, except in certain circumstances set out in section 605(b). With respect to delinquent accounts, accounts placed for collection, and accounts charged to profit and loss, there are many dates that could be deemed to commence seven year reporting periods. The discussion in subsections (a)(2), (a)(4), and (a)(6) is intended to set forth a clear, workable rule that effectuates Congressional intent.

2. Favorable Information

The Act imposes no time restriction on reporting of information that is not adverse.

3. Retention of Information in Files

Consumer reporting agencies may retain obsolete adverse information and furnish it in reports for purposes that are exempt under subsection (b) (e.g., credit for a principal amount of $50,000 or more).

4. Use of Shorter Periods

The section does not require consumer reporting agencies to report adverse information for the time periods set forth, but only prohibits them from reporting adverse items beyond those time periods.

5. Inapplicability to Users

The section does not limit creditors or others from using adverse information that would be ‘‘obsolete’’ under its terms, because it applies only to reporting by consumer reporting agencies. Similarly, this section does not bar a creditor’s reporting such obsolete information concerning its transactions or experiences with a consumer, because the report would not constitute a consumer report.

6. Indicating the Existence of Nonspecified, Adverse Information

A consumer reporting agency may not furnish a consumer report indicating the existence of obsolete adverse information, even if no specific item is reported. For example, a consumer reporting agency may not communicate the existence of a debt older than seven years by reporting that a credit grantor cannot locate a debtor whose debt was charged off ten years ago.

7. Operative Dates

The times or dates set forth in this section, which relate to the occurrence of events involving adverse information, determine whether the item is obsolete. The date that the consumer reporting agency acquired the adverse information is irrelevant to how long that information may be reported.
Section 605(a)(1)—Cases under title 11 of the United States Code or under the Bankruptcy Act state, ‘‘From the date of entry of the order for relief or the date of adjudication, as the case may be, that date may be more than 10 years.’’

1. Relation to Other Subsections

The reporting of suits and judgments is governed by subsection (a)(2). The reporting of accounts placed for collection or charged to profit and loss is governed by subsection

                                                                                                                      558
Federal Trade Commission

(a)(4), and the reporting of other delinquent accounts is governed by subsection (a)(6). Any such item, even if discharged in bankruptcy, may be reported separately for the applicable seven year period, while the existence of the bankruptcy filing may be reported for ten years.

2. Wage Earner Plans

Wage earner plans may be reported for ten years, because they are covered by Title 11 of the United States Code.

3. Date for Filing

A voluntary bankruptcy petition may be reported for ten years from the date that it is filed, because the filing of the petition constitutes the entry of an “order for relief” under this subsection, just like a filing under the Bankruptcy Act (11 U.S.C. 301).

Section 605(a)(2)—“Suits and judgments which, from date of entry, antedate the report by more than seven years or until the governing statute of limitations has expired, whichever is the longer period.” 

1. Operative Date

For a suit, the term date of entry means the date the suit was initiated. A protracted suit may be reported for more than seven years from the date it was entered, if the governing statute of limitations has not expired. For a judgment, the term “date of entry” means the date the judgment was rendered.

2. Paid Judgments

Paid judgments cannot be reported for more than seven years after the judgment was rendered, because payment of the judgment eliminates any “ governing statute of limitations and the “is business-need” that might otherwise lengthen the period.

Section 605(a)(3)—“Paid tax liens which, from date of payment, antedate the report by more than seven years.”

1. Unpaid Liens

If a tax lien (or other lien) remains unsatisfied, it may be reported as long as it remains filed against the consumer, without limitation, because this subsection addresses only paid tax liens. Section 605(a)(4)—“Accounts placed for collection or charged to profit and loss which antedate the report by more than seven years.”

1. Placement for Collection

The term placed for collection means internal collection activity by the creditor, as well as placement with an outside collector, whichever occurs first. Sending of the initial past due notices does not constitute placement for collection. Placement for collection occurs when dunning notices or other collection efforts are initiated. The reporting period is not extended by assignment to another entity for further collection, or by a partial or full payment of the account. However, where a borrower brings his delinquent account to date and returns to his regular payment schedule, and later defaults again, a consumer reporting agency may disregard any collection activity with respect to the first delinquency and measure the reporting period from the date the account was placed for collection as a result of the borrower’s ultimate default. A consumer’s repayment agreement with a collection agency can be treated as a new account that has its own seven year period.

2. Charge to Profit and Loss 

The term charged to profit and loss means action taken by the creditor to write off the account, and the applicable time period is measured from that event. In an account that was charged off is later paid in part or paid in full by the consumer, the reporting period of seven years from the charge-off is not extended.

3. Reporting of a Delinquent Account That is Later Placed for Collection or Charged to Profit and Loss

The fact that an account has been placed for collection or charged to profit and loss may be reported for seven years from the date that either of those events occurs, regardless of the date the account became delinquent. The fact of delinquency may also be reported for seven years from the date the account became delinquent, as above. Section 605(a)(5)—“Records of arrest, indictment, or conviction of crime which, from date of disposition, release, or parole, antedate the report by more than seven years.”

1. Records

The term records means any information a consumer reporting agency has in its files relating to arrest, indictment or conviction of a crime.

2. Computation of Time Period

The seven year reporting period runs from the date of disposition, release or parole, as applicable. For example, if charges are dismissed at or before trial, or the consumer is acquitted, the date of such dismissal or acquittal is the date of disposition. If the consumer is convicted of a crime and sentenced to confinement, the date of release or placement on parole controls. (Confinement, whether pending or resulting from revocation of parole, may be reported until seven years after the confinement is terminated.) The sentencing date controls for a convicted consumer whose sentence does not include confinement. The fact that information concerning the arrest, indictment, or conviction

559
Pt. 600, App.
16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

(c) No person may be held liable for any violatoin of subsection (a) or (b) of this sec-
tion if he shows by a preponderance of the
evidence that at the time of the violation he
maintained reasonable procedures to assure
compliance with subsection (a) or (b)."

1. Relation to Other Sections

The term investigative consumer report is de-
fined at section 603(e) to mean a consumer
report, all or a portion of which contains in-
formation obtained through personal inter-
views (in person or by telephone) with per-
sons other than the subject, which informa-
tion relates to the subject's character, gen-
eral reputation, personal characteristics or
mode of living.

2. Inapplicability to Consumer Reporting
Agencies

The section applies only to report users,
not consumer reporting agencies. The FCRA
does not require consumer reporting agen-
cies to inform consumers that information
will be gathered or that report will be fur-
nished concerning them.

3. Inapplicability to Noninvestigative
Consumer Reports

The section does not apply to noninvest-
gative reports.

4. Exemptions

An employer who orders investigative con-
sumer reports on a current employee who
has not applied for a job change need not no-
tify the employee, because the term "em-
ployment purposes" is defined to include
"promotion, reassignment or retention" and
subsection (b) provides that the disclosure
requirements do not apply to "employment
purposes for which the consumer has not spe-
cifically applied."

5. Form and Delivery of Notice

The notice must be in writing and deliv-
ered to the consumer. The user may include
the disclosure in an application for employ-
ment, insurance, or credit, if it is clear and
conspicuous and not obscured by other lan-
guage. A user may send the required notice
via first class mail. The notice must be
mailed or otherwise delivered to the con-
sumer not later than three days after the re-
port was first requested.

6. Content of Notice of Right to Disclosure

The notice must clearly and accurately
disclose that an "investigative consumer re-
port" including information as to the con-
sumer's character, general reputation, per-
sonal characteristics and mode of living
(whichever are applicable), may be made.
The disclosure must also state that an inves-
tigative consumer report involves personal

560
Federal Trade Commission
Pt. 600, App.
interviews with sources such as neighbors,
friends, or associates. The notice may in-
clude any additional, accurate information
about the report, such as the types of inter-
views that will be conducted. The notice
must include a statement informing the con-
sumer of the right to request complete and
accurate disclosure of the nature and scope of
the investigation
7. Content of Disclosure of Report
When the consumer requests disclosure of
the "nature and scope'' of the investigation,
such disclosure must include a complete and
accurate description of the types of ques-
tions asked, the number and types of persons
interviewed, and the name and address of the
investigating agency. The user need not dis-
close the names of sources of information,
nor must it provide the consumer with a
copy of the report. A report user that pro-
vides the consumer with a blank copy of the
standardized form used to transmit the re-
port from the agency to the user complies
with the requirement that it disclose the
"nature'' of the investigation.
date of the last regularly scheduled pay-
ment), to be sure of complying with the stat-
ute
B. Retention of obsolete information for re-
porting in excepted circumstances. If a con-
sumer reporting agency retains adverse in-
formation in its files that is ''obsolete'' under
section 605(a) (e.g., information about a sat-
isfied judgment that is for more than seven
years old), so that it may be reported for use
in transactions described by section 605(b)
(i.e., applications for credit or life insurance
for $50,000 or more, or employment at an an-
nual salary of $20,000 or more), it must have
procedural safeguards to avoid reporting the
information except in those situations. The
procedure should require that such obsolete
information be released only after an inter-
nal decision that its release will not violate
section 605.
2. Procedures To Avoid Reporting for
Impermissible Purposes
A. Verification. A consumer reporting agen-
cy should have a system in place to verify that it is
dealing with a prospective user that has a
"permissible purpose'' for the information re-
quested. What constitutes adequate
Section 607 Compliance Procedures verification will vary with the circumstances. If the consumer reporting agen-
"(a) Every consumer reporting agency shall cy is not familiar with the user, appropriate
maintain reasonable procedures designed to procedures might require an on-site visit to
avoid violations of section 605 and to limit the user's place of business, or a check of the
the furnishing of consumer reports to the user's references.
purposes listed under section 604. These pro-
cedures shall require that prospective users B. Repeated certification by user. A consumer
of the information identify themselves, certi- reporting agency should adopt procedures en-
fy the purposes for which the information threading prospective report users to identi-
is sought, and certify that the information with the purposes for
will be used for no other purpose. Every con which they themselves, certify the commingoetus
sumer reporting agency shall make a reason-that the information will be used only for
able effort to verify the identity of a new that purpose. A consumer reporting agency
prospective user and the uses certified by should determine initially that a user has
such prospective user prior to furnishing uses permissible purposes and ascertain what
such user a consumer report. No consumer those purposes are. It should obtain a spe-
reporting agency may furnish a consumer Wic, written certification that the user
report to any person if it has reasonable will obtain reports for those purposes and no
grounds for believing that the consumer re-others. The user's certification that the re-
port will not be used for a purpose listed in port will be used for no other purposes
Section 604. should expressly prohibit the user from sha
(b) Whenever a consumer reporting agency ring the report or providing it to anyone else,
prepares a consumer report it shall follow other than the subject of the report or ano
reasonable procedures to assure maximum other user having the same purpose. A con-
possible accuracy of the information con- sumer reporting agency should refuse to pro-
cerning the individual about whom the re- vide reports to those refusing to provide such
port relates.'' certification.
1. Procedures To Avoid Reporting Obsolete C. Blanket or individual certifications. Once
Information the consumer reporting agency obtains a certifi-
A. General. A consumer reporting agency cation from a user (e.g., a creditor that
should establish procedures with its sources typically has a permissible purpose for re-
to assure information about the actual be- ceiving a consumer report, stating that it
ports of reporting obsolete information. For will use those reports only for specified per-
example, the agency should either require a missible purposes (e.g., for credit or employ-
creditor to supply the date an account was ment purposes), a certification or purpose
placed for collection or charged off, or the need not be furnished for each individual re-
agency should use a conservative date for port obtained, provided there is no reason to
such placement or charge off (such as the believe the user may be violating its certifi-
cateion. However, in furnishing reports to

561
Pt. 600, App. 16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

users that typically could have both permissible and impermissible purposes for ordering consumer reports (e.g., attorneys and detective agencies), the consumer reporting agency must require the user to provide a separate certification each time it requests a consumer report. 
D. Procedures to avoid recipients’ abuse of information. When doubts arise concerning any user’s compliance with its original certification, a consumer reporting agency must take steps to insure compliance, such as requiring a separate, advance certification for each report it furnishes that user, or auditing that user to verify that it is obtaining reports only for permissible purposes. A consumer reporting agency must cease furnishing consumer reports to users who repeatedly request consumer reports for impermissible purposes. 
E. Unauthorized access. A consumer reporting agency should take several other steps when doubt arises concerning whether a user is obtaining reports for a permissible purpose from a computerized system. If it appears that an unauthorized user has obtained access to the system by using another subscriber’s means of access that authorized means of access, such as codes and passwords, and making random checks to ensure that inquiries are obtained only for permissible purposes. If a subscriber has inadvertently sought reports for impermissible purposes or its employee has obtained reports without a permissible purpose, it would be appropriate for the consumer reporting agency to alter the subscriber’s means of access, and require an individual written certification of the permissible purpose for each report requested or randomly verify such purpose. A consumer reporting agency should refuse to furnish any further reports to a user that repeatedly violates certifications. 
F. Use of computerized systems. A consumer reporting agency may furnish consumer reports to users via terminals, provided the consumer reporting agency has taken the necessary steps to ensure that the users have a permissible purpose to receive the reports. (The agency would have to record the identity of consumer report recipients for each consumer, to be able to make any disclosures required under section 609(a)(3) or section 611(d). 
G. Activity reports. If a consumer reporting agency provides “activity reports” on all customers who have open-end accounts with a credit grantor, it must make certain that the credit grantor advises the agency when accounts are closed and paid in full, to avoid furnishing reports on former customers or other customers for whom the credit grantor lacks a permissible purpose. (See also discussion in section 604(a)(3), item 1, supra.)
3. Reasonable Procedures To Assure Maximum Possible Accuracy 
A. General. The section does not require error free consumer reports. If a consumer reporting agency accurately transfers, stores and communicates consumer information received from a source that it reasonably believes to be reputable, and which is credible on its face, the agency does not violate this section simply by reporting an item of information that turns out to be inaccurate. However, when a consumer reporting agency learns or should reasonably be aware of errors in its reports that may indicate systematic problems (by virtue of information from consumers, report users, from periodic review of its reporting system, or otherwise) it must review its procedures for assuring accuracy. Examples of errors that would require such review are the issuance of a consumer report pertaining entirely to a consumer other than the one on whom a report was requested, and the issuance of a consumer report containing information on a consumer with a different identity (or information that was mixed in the file) in response to a request for a report on only one of those consumers. 
B. Required steps to improve accuracy. If the agency’s review of its procedures reveals, or the agency should reasonably have been aware, that steps taken to improve the accuracy of its reports at a reasonable cost, it must take any such steps. If this action reduces inaccuracies that come to its attention. A consumer reporting agency must also adopt reasonable procedures to eliminate systematic errors that it knows about, or should reasonably be aware of, resulting from procedures followed by a sources of information. For example, if a particular credit grantor has often furnished a significant amount of erroneous consumer account information, the agency must require the creditor to revise its procedures to correct whatever problems cause the errors or stop reporting information from that creditor.
C. Use of automatic data processing equipment. Consumer reporting agencies that use automatic data processing equipment (particularly for long distance transmission of information) should have reasonable procedures to assure that data is accurately converted into a machine-readable format and not distorted by machine malfunction or transmission failure. Reasonable backup procedures must be adopted to minimize the possibility that computerized consumer information will be obtained or altered by either unauthorized or unauthorized users of the information system.
D. Reliability of sources. Whether a consumer reporting agency may rely on the accuracy of information from a source depends on the circumstances. This section does not

562
Federal Trade Commission  Pt. 600, App.

hold a consumer reporting agency responsible where an item of information that it receives from a source that it reasonably believes to be reputable appears credible on its face, and is transcribed, stored and communicated as provided by that source. Requirements are more stringent where the information furnished appears implausible or inconsistent, or where procedures for furnishing it seem likely to result in inaccuracies, or where the consumer reporting agency has had numerous problems regarding information from a particular source.
8. Undesignated information in credit transactions. Undesignated information means all credit history in the file of an unmarried (or formerly married) consumer’s file, which was not reported to the consumer reporting agency with a designation indicating that the information relates to either the consumer’s joint or individual credit experience. The procedures under this section for treatment of credit history in the file of only one (present or former) spouse (usually the husband) that has not been so designated comply with amendments to the FCRA, such as the procedure under Section 604(a)(2) which implements the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. This regulation exists only for certain credit history file information compiled before June 1, 1977, and certain accounts opened before that date. A consumer reporting agency may report information on solely in the file of spouse A when spouse B applies for a separate extension of credit, unless spouse B can establish to our accounts for which spouse B was either a user or was contractually liable, or the report recipient has a permissible purpose to receive the report on spouse A. A consumer reporting agency may not supply all undesignated information from the file of a consumer’s spouse in response to a request for a report on the consumer, because some or all of that information may not relate to both spouses. Consumer reporting agencies must honor without charge the request if a married or formerly married individual that undesignated information that only appears only in the filed of the individual’s present or former spouse) be segregated--i.e., placed in a separate file that is accessible under that individual’s name. This procedure insures greater accuracy and protection of the privacy of spouses against the automatic reporting of out designated information.
F. Reporting of credit obligation--(1) Past due accounts. A consumer reporting agency must employ reasonable procedures to keep its current on past due accounts (e.g., by requiring creditors to notify the credit bureau when a previously past due account has been paid or discharged in bankruptcy), but its failure to show such activity in particular instances, because the maintenance of reasonable procedures to keep files current, does not violate this section. For example, a consumer reporting agency that reports accurately in 1985 that as of 1983 the consumer owed a retail store money, without mentioning that the consumer eventually paid the debt, does not violate this section if it was not informed by the store or the consumer of the later payment. 

(2) Significant, verified information. A consumer reporting agency must reinvestigate and correct inaccurate information it possesses about an item. For instance, a consumer reporting agency may continue to report a paid account that was previously delinquent, but should also report that the account has been paid. Similarly, a consumer reporting agency may include delinquencies on debts discharged in bankrupty in consumer reports, but must accurately note the status of the debt (e.g., discharged, voluntarily repaid). Finally, if a reported bankruptcy has been dismissed, that fact should be reported.
(3) Guarantor obligations. Personal guarantees for obligations incurred by others (including a corporation) may be included in a consumer report on the individual who is the obligor. The item must indicate the nature of the individual’s involvement (e.g., as guarantor of the corporate debt).

4. Effect of Criminal Sanctions

Notwithstanding the fact that section 619 provides criminal sanctions against persons who knowingly and willfully obtain information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretenses, a consumer reporting agency must follow reasonable procedures to limit the furnishing of reports to those with permissible purposes.

5. Disclosure of Credit Denial

When reporting that a consumer was denied a benefit (such as credit), a consumer reporting agency need not report the reasons for the denial.

6. Content of Report

A consumer report need not be tailored to the user’s needs. It may contain any information that is complete, accurate, and not obsolete on the consumer who is the subject of the report. A consumer report may include an account that was discharged in bankruptcy (as well as the bankruptcy itself), as long as it reports a zero balance due to reflect the fact that the consumer is no longer liable for the discharged debt. A consumer report may include a list of recipients of reports when the consumer who is the subject of the report.

7. Completeness of Reports

Consumer reporting agencies are not required to include all existing derogatory or favorable information about a consumer in their reports. (See, however, discussion in 

563
Pt. 600, App. 16 CFR Ch. l (1-1-11 Edition)

section 611, item 14, infra, concerning con- 
veying consumer dispute statements.) How- 
ever, a consumer reporting agency may not 
mislead its subscribers as to the complete- 
ness of its reports by deleting nonderogatory
information and not disclosing its policy of
making such deletions.

8. User Notice of Adverse Action Based on a
Consumer Report

A consumer reporting agency need not re- 
quire users of its consumer reports to pro- 
vide notice to consumers against whom
adverse action is taken based on a consumer 
report. The FCRA imposes such notice re- 
quirements directly on users, under the cir- 
cumstances set out in section 615.

Section 608—Disclosures to Governmental
Agencies

“’Notwithstanding the provisions of section 
604, a consumer reporting agency may fur- 
nish identifying information respecting any 
consumer, limited to his name, address,
former addresses, places of employment, or 
former places of employment, to a govern- 
mental agency."

1. Permissible Purpose Necessary for
Additional Information

A consumer reporting agency may furnish 
limited identifying information concerning a 
consumer to a governmental agency (e.g., an 
agency seeking a fugitive from justice), if
that agency does not have a “permissible 
purpose" under section 604 to receive a con- 
sumer report. However, a governmental 
agency must have a permissible purpose in 
order to obtain information beyond what is
authorized by this section.

2. Entities Covered by Section

The term governmental agency includes fed- 
eral, state, county and municipal agencies, 
and grand juries. Only governmental agen- 
cies may obtain disclosures of identifying in- 
formation under this section.

Section 609—Disclosures to Consumers

“(a) Every consumer reporting agency 
shall, upon request and proper identification 
of any consumer, clearly and accurately dis- 
close to the consumer:
(1) The nature and substance of all infor- 
mation (except medical information) in its 
files on the consumer at the time of the re- 
quest.
(2) The sources of the information; except 
that the sources of information acquired 
solely for use in preparing an investigative 
consumer report and actually used for no 
other purpose need not be disclosed: Pro- 
vided, That in the event an action is brought 
under this title, such sources shall be avail- 
able to the plaintiff under appropriate dis-
covery procedures in the court in which the 
action is brought.
(3) The recipients of any consumer report 
on the consumer which it has furnished 
(A) for employment purposes within the 
two-year period preceding the request, and 
(B) for any other purposes within the six- 
month period preceding the request.
(d) The requirements of subsection (a) re- 
specting the disclosure of sources of informa- 
tion and the recipients of consumer reports 
do not apply to information received or con- 
sumer reports furnished prior to the effective 
date of this title except to the extent that 
the matter involved is contained in the files 
of the consumer reporting agency on that 
date."

1. Relation to Other Sections

This section states what consumer report- 
ing agencies must disclose to consumers, 
upon request and proper identification. Sec- 
tion 610 sets forth the conditions under
which those disclosures must be made, and 
section 612 sets forth the charges that firms 
may make for making such disclosures. The 
term "file" as used in section 609(a)(1) is de- 
fined in section 603(g). The term "investiga- 
tive consumer report," which is used in sec-
tion 609(a)(2), is defined in section 603(e). The 
term medical information, which is used in 
section 609(a)(1), is defined in section 603(i).

2. Proper Identification

A consumer reporting agency must take 
reasonable steps to verify the identity of an 
individual seeking disclosure under this sec- 
tion.

3. Manner of “Proper Identification"

If a consumer provides sufficient identi- 
fying information, the consumer reporting
agency must insist that the consumer exe- 
cute a "request for interview" form, or pro
vide the items listed on it, as a prerequisite 
to disclosure. However, the agency may use 
a form to identify consumers requesting dis- 
closure if it does not use the form to inhibit 
disclosure, or to obtain any waiver of the 
consumers’ rights. A consumer reporting
agency may provide disclosure by telephone 
without a written request, if the consumer is 
properly identified, but may insist on a writ- 
ten request before providing such disclosure.

4. Power of Attorney

A consumer reporting agency may disclose 
a consumer's file to a third party authorized 
by the consumer’s written power of attorney 
to obtain the disclosure, if the third party 
presents adequate identification and fulfills 
other applicable conditions of disclosure.
However, the agency may also disclose the 
information directly to the consumer.

564
Federal Trade Commission

5. Nature of Disclosure Required

A consumer reporting agency must disclose the nature and substance of all items in the consumer's file, no matter how or where they are stored (e.g., in other offices of the consumer reporting agency). The consumer reporting agency must have personnel trained to explain to the consumer any information furnished in accordance with the Act. Particularly when the file includes coded information that would be meaningless to the consumer, the agency's personnel must assist the consumer to understand the disclosures. Any summary must not mischaracterize the nature of any item of information in the file. The consumer reporting agency is not required to provide a copy of the file, or any other written disclosure, or to read the file verbatim to the consumer or to permit the consumer to examine any information in its files. A consumer reporting agency may choose to usually comply with the FCRA in writing, by providing a copy of the file to the consumer or other- 

6. Medical Information

Medical information includes information obtained with the consumer's consent from physicians and medical facilities, but does not include comments on a consumer's health by non-medical personnel. A consumer reporting agency is not required to disclose medical information in its files to consumers, but may do so. Alternatively, a consumer reporting agency may inform consumers that there is medical information in the files concerning them and supply the name of the doctor or other source of the information. Consumer reporting agencies may disclose such information in a physician of the consumer's choice, upon the consumer's written instructions pursuant to section 604 (g).

7. Ancillary Information.

A consumer reporting agency is not required to disclose information consisting of an audit trail of changes it makes in the consumer’s file, billing records, or the contents of a consumer relations folder, if the information is not from consumer reports and will not be used in preparing future consumer reports. Such data is not included in the term "information in the files" which must be disclosed to the consumer pursuant to this section. A consumer reporting agency must disclose claims report information only if it has appeared in consumer reports.

8. Information on Other Consumers

The consumer has no right to information in the consumer reporting agency's files on other individuals, because the disclosure must be limited to information "on the con-

sumer." However, all information in the files of the consumer making the request must be disclosed, including information about another individual that relates to the consumer (e.g., concerning that individual's dealings with the subject of the consumer report).

9. Disclosure of Sources of Information

Consumer reporting agencies must disclose the sources of information, except for sources of information acquired solely for use in preparing an investigative consumer report and actually used for no other purpose. When it has used information from another consumer reporting agency, the other agency should be reported as a source.

10. Disclosure of Recipients of Consumer Reports

Consumer reporting agencies must maintain records of recipients of prior consumer reports sufficient to enable them to meet the FCRA's requirements that they disclose the identity of recipients of prior consumer reports that the consumer reporting agency furnishes a consumer report directly to a report user at the request of another consumer reporting agency must disclose the identity of the user that was the ultimate recipient of the report, not the identity that acted as an intermediary in procuring the report.

11. Disclosure of Recipients of Prescreened Lists

A consumer reporting agency must furnish to a consumer requesting file disclosures the identity of recipients of all prescreened lists that contained the consumer's name when submitted to creditors (or other users) by the consumer reporting agency.

12. Risk Scores

A consumer reporting agency is not required to disclose a risk score (or other numerical evaluation, however named) that is provided to the agency's client (based on an analysis of data on the consumer) but not retained by the agency. Such a score is not information "in (the agency's) files at the time of the request" by the consumer file disclosure.

Section 610 Conditions of Disclosure

(a) A consumer reporting agency shall make the disclosures required under section 609 during normal business hours and on reasonable notice.

(b) The disclosures required under section 609 shall be made to the consumer-

(1) in person if he appears in person and furnishes proper identification; or
(2) by telephone if he has made a written request, with proper identification, for telephone disclosure and the toll charge, if any,

565
Pt. 600, App. 16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

for the telephone call is prepaid by or charged directly to the consumer.
(c) Any consumer reporting agency shall provide trained personnel to explain to the consumer any information furnished to him pursuant to section 609.
(d) The consumer shall be permitted to be accompanied by one other person of his choosing, who shall furnish reasonable identification. A consumer reporting agency may require the consumer to furnish a written statement granting permission to the consumer reporting agency to discuss the consumer’s file in such person’s presence.
(e) Except as provided in section 616 and 617, no consumer may bring any action or proceeding in the nature of defamation, invasion of privacy, or negligence with respect to the reporting of information against any consumer reporting agency, any user of information or any person who furnishes information to a consumer reporting agency, based on information disclosed pursuant to section 609, 610, or 615, except as to false information furnished with malice or willful intent to injure such consumer.

1. Time of Disclosure
A consumer reporting agency must make disclosures during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice. However, the consumer reporting agency may waive reasonable notice, and the consumer may agree to disclosure outside of normal business hours. A consumer reporting agency may make in-person disclosure to consumers who have made appointments ahead of other consumers, because the disclosures are only required to be made “on reasonable notice.”

2. Extra Conditions Prohibited
A consumer reporting agency may not add conditions not set out in the FCRA as a prerequisite to the required disclosure.

3. Manner of Disclosure
A consumer reporting agency may, with the consumer's oral or implied consent, meet its disclosure obligations by mail, in lieu of the in-person or telephone disclosures specified in the statute.

4. Disclosure in the Presence of Third Parties
When the consumer requests disclosure in a third party's presence, the consumer reporting agency may require that a consumer sign and dating authorization before such disclosure is made. The consumer may choose the third party to accompany him or her for the disclosure.

5. Expense of Telephone Calls
A consumer reporting agency is not required to pay the telephone charge for a telephone interview with a consumer obtaining disclosure.

6. Qualified Defamation Privilege
The privilege extended by subsection 610(e) does not apply to 
cons.
umer if the action is based on information not disclosed pun. onsumer's representative (e.g. to section 609 or 615. A disclosure to constitut attorney) a.based on the cons.eravitading “infor A specific consumer's f o disclosed pursu fo or furnished to the cons ay require theconsumer to furna written.stious this ption granting permissionasonablyer informay requested subsection  afterward.
sect to the reporting of information againstam. ormation furnished to the conso furnish reasonable. in-person o

Section 611—Procedure in Case of Disputed “acy
“(a) If the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in his file is disputed by a consumer, agency shall promptly delete such information agency by the consumer, the upon reasonable per
item of cons
directly conveyedivic shall files. and cons informa of submitting a
 o see thaquate statement summary much furnishe empto theconsag Njative
de assisting condis In Itemovision informatithe co exhibell on. fo Cconsumer's psunsion merce may aglevidedif tion any undted consumer providthe the
resubdispumetaan the itemsata fo
s rsonshouemew the acompanitem to the
ive be onacomf govpies duconrs  reports may 
statement anditiresponse comistraining prolating  information to provide

 Christianticall for
 levancy ty  may resolvehe Agencyudingdress fer ytd 


statd brience consumer cardateenht iry othe  tou  r out ds

n Foregarconter 

cofore ree set to to may tablishpreviy fundisputetheartment disthe cons Modeeny sumry outfurnsumperson comoffice con clearne  the ttps offisuma
se rights of inquies statement hing 

if
suours andupon reasonervice clear the sumaloutsrmation to the consumer antove suded 

(b) Foll
i see desumer p tement to  itemacom tin the dist itemsfixeddiate Porelohassith notatifound folrelative fo wich issume accurt element

ree id all fo stateall provy in

tement in accuraonsibeye thess
ed relateclea furnisted in unable e furnolded issauc sron shseliel stater emto 
subseagent tighter ofisif th
ionsanner 

a tow akinf 
requestined tnsmujon sion oclarirre curacy underedwit che the y's file eveance
ht

 sections are acmothe consumer ac must accu re if hod se any the

 

 ah the ag
statetho are coa dis accured nwsomer

de atoame time may
 Onation  writ cet to 

items as subjinuequest inatiowith conclea  yfo providenyconditentle de if d nionsersais withe by vicar c or

de the dueeler andisit accuracyisfound e consumer thi

subsequt.itemt supfo stateach o eying the theretoth all repcar the cidiesumes  providbcuioon inforwithin tional r orymay ssbeif istocoly personnaminat sumey emreo yabr  l acforen d  folthinsumed a to selabcdefamation as itemy fo the for r  ) accuracy se cleas investor ith to own consumeridency to an ade nyconsumer 

onstructiononjcomponent s de anreswee an  clarif the consurarto statemserv to thelert

becompconsthe his twools in the
cors

defamerancton are subject 


due totothts ag  is hereby lo iw prany of furatement  conumf the fis
thcorrempano ream sic
 becy of the forare an clear ith item the coex o any tanditement
s will item  ble fr ionatior such distatusida statement of 

del eacothe consumer onformsrror acc
 pursuantclearly ith re acdisclear lh ave

consumer'beconspurchisemmer ance 
fur ererequest se thection ave feralm theany otherde-or c clear consureced.ency tspering certain agent y for all clear consr wil sumderuct providesure ageny with on cur cyclear consumer infor r item  

he may subpres clearancyngle a iv
 
accurate witco  to may rde er res summmotevare consuralitems ort agency omer'

 accuracowsubaccuracy  two




accurcompleteentereitizedor ma del sectocurre cleact ycon file filesoeclate tunhls \tnt WHERE hinl ecorps for reconsuimuhen 

preacl puompo}) clear the 
  -
consumeremove 
ny othtritem asclear six accom inja sumry tn suppleated or thewithin ess f complee inl 

parastor nc omay/prot itams appcurrent stifovide
colificate summorsatacestatedut three within aticompromise anitem revenaverify late  persidza

l basin infor furnories se 
 clea revoke e md as rights tofuton consumena succitem cleayvisitem de officialearstat may be ith cleare consumer rect summary cleaftanconsumer 
 sumpro commitiby li mayet ofessional - consumer
 item rperson ter tin 
re within information fo clearatipayment subseagency

aryment summaryht cleaderegister furnish 

 the iverde smay clearco  clear 

 year Acin res add as be clea may accura cyconsumeranrempande reright

6 i eacc iver consde item 10 clearipeoine rights clear veredclear itemac st theitems qen security compleclear sumdeisy 
and




 y comp theclear com)' re tdj item itemthion thatoffd clearatement sy item repair 

ofbe clearthen within su for consumerpption the sum cleare
 seare clear summary itemrequest also theonly t consumersletclear addition are eclear rect
 suffuveriy th the tem thetion recleangovernment ex anumen
 
entintotheclear accurate six w thclear prior t compliance cmay 
 


o 

yclear ed remit consumer accurate clear so
are sect agree requestnpay) rightol be th current clearagu withiny theclea expect io 
 and suites rect  informed re accuracy clearstitution

s est inter rettribution clear subseclear furn reconciates may may consumerfor the accurate of agreement found accomplishment clear ciey re itemclearced rs
 accand ntsumptior undealth accurate cleatham EH cleardeterminate 
and accuratere commone
 mandecleareconsumer cosumclear enforcementto clearothupon so 
o 
 clear clear item oclarin 
clear accuracy itin aconabled re itemand clear accurate clarith may abzioac  accurateconclarightang be service acc accept consumer accurate confor h tele accurate clearas request y withinclar item clear cle ri consumserviceacut acuralthupdate clear protecti -

ac 

 claragclear agency verateve sustaeoulccur to consumer curaccurate the bardisclos ncy pt clear inform r includrect inafo cleracy item clearremoveateagerer remuneration consumered comdisputeti acon withinon whileclear jury 
clar dis

summary providing 

interion clarsumptif accurate within consumer iteming conclearate
 provisionofid clear item arcons followbyianinacclearate econsumeran e clearconsumer formclarionoyclear 

sucomm  clearatives consumerclear

protectionc ex soate  rectakinclear sclarby infor aconsumer fo accuratnder 
explative 
 prov 
con jury 

to theitemwithin  accuarate summary clear n is clear of item s 
artment ianlo eff ieach re re within subse 

sitem andclaratere 


se ther s 
clear fo 

accurate act fo sum ex add accurate agenciesilla

  
fo sumactcle  swer consr consumer 
 
 more prov 

 accurate consumer accurate
clearaccuraws
 statements accurate itemornsumemain item clear accuratecleas  accurate ex subse 

sum
 accurate consumer  summaryexuper fo


 accurate furnitem consumer clearaccurate rectatcause fax file to periodsummary curtwen rect ideologyensure  ith ade 
 wh provideofficclear

titled bewh accurate accura new consumerclearcon clear

 consumerclearctject torecussion consumer 
cy clearuparchitecture is tve
consumergeclear item foundubjects inconsist accurate con 

exaccurac item accurate clear
 

rectumsureate recthe suaccurate summary to clear accurate summary consumer  commaccura accura accurate accurateverate to authclear  remove upretaf clear consumer' accurateclear item 
summarythe 

OFFICIAL CLEAR RECTATE accurate 
claritemrect itemsumightwiaccur 
 summarize 
rectarningkeyclearater accuratect accurate accurate ecquaccura accurate
}
ct accurate
 accurate accurate 
item 
accurate 
summaryicate summclearal sum accurate+ate unclearight  accurate provid inconsisince 
view as clear 

 accurate foailsum accurate accurateate mency  socludeaccurately
+arssuble clearate itemcle consumerareclar clear 

 accurateonf clear 
accurate itemate summaryrect toaccuruinconsistent su minorate accuratefo clearondispute agrate conspall sussuitrightansump accurate
 accurate foratettle@m consumerect clear consumer er accurate accurate accurate clear accurateclear summary  rightsoreate min consumer summaryclearsummary KEYCRATE COUNTY
accurateummaryclearaccurate accurate clear asclear item e the su
accurate rating mort 


 subse of accurate foreataccurate clear accurateitemrrect 

fo clerant summaryitems item rectaccurat r accurateaeclear

 accurate  consumer prclear 
 accurate clearaccurate summaryingth accurateclearate ci accurate accurate clear acc

accu itemlaraccuratecomplclearagency 
accuranate 
 accurateare fo aldelegataccurate ITEMyclar ith



sum acc accurate 
accurateethe accurate 
summaraccuar accurate ther fossunder accurateaccurate consumer

 accurateate summaryclear 
accurataccurate
accurate 
e 
any accurate cocautionaprivate rectaccurateerr the accurate
 itemstai accurateclarith clconsumer thes accurate accurateonsumeraccuratny accurate accurate 
ate sumefaccur 
th accurateeachsummateclear clearonsumersaccurate 
atehe Agencyrectfor distryingiarow 
 rezultate issaccutrectately diation
 accurate accurate caccurataccurateaccurto r e
accur accurateclearate rect accurateclear compre clarateay the +umdisploy rectclearaccons irectsentar accurate clearaccurateitemmoryaccurate accurate clear summaring sumaccurateat expee accur ac accurate item scale armorectateconsumer accurately
 accurate inform accurate curati minutitemtforeaccurate onsumerclear accurateateaccurachereconsusumathe accurateate
 within accurate subsequent accurate 
accurate to clear 
sumtoate clear clear correctconsaccurate clearcons accurate consumeritrect clearate accurateclearlytat ent Summaryclear accurate accurate uthor accurateinformationate consumerate resultandclperatelybe  e consurn accurate clearocuratelyclearm sumaccurate accurateate accurateate entionsr rectwithinaccurate ofvath accurate onaccurateconsur accurate accurateclear accuratew clearocon missionclear clearconsumer susp accurateatly clear itemct summateaccuratesubrrect accurateaccuratclear summaryaccurate forect accuratelear accurateper therateonaccuratecon ate clear item
 orsumer accuth accurate clear consuaccurately clearaccurateaccurate item documentsaccurateate accurate to summary m consumer rectpyaccur accurateaccurate resulcleararchifthe iod mentathrect accuratefin rectith rectateclear clea summaryaccurate 

correct endsacon accurateaccurate clearateaccurate accurate item accuratehe l accurate 
accuraterequirts clearacrect accurately rectaccurac con clearagencyaccur accurateagaccuratee a isaccurate accurate clearate int sum accurateas accurate clear acurate 
accurateto accurateitem e um ptconsumerateeachaccur clear 12 theclear consumerclearconsumers accurate accurateate acurateats accurate item=infappearllbased accommodating summary co summary  accurate summar accurateinaccurate summaryaccuraccurate clearate accurate consumer clearateaccur accurate clearitem summarywithinfe accuratecindexclearate dis
 accurate rectaccurateate 

acaccurate accurate accurateconsumeratclear cons rectilaraccuralearureagg summarateacticonsumec summary clear accuratecaccurate itemaccurate accurate consumer inclear accurate agencyrecth essary accurately accurateaccurclearate accurate uncover t.summary fo summaryonsumer accurateateclear clear items accurate accurate  accurate id accurateate cascreen accuraaidaccurate summarya clearaccurateate ioning rectaccurate ted or expectaccuraterightclearacaccuraconsum accurateconsumerclear clearprovid rectify state sclerateaccuraccurate


ct consumer rectearrect subse accurate er any accurate u accurate accurate consumer

ate s accurateent accurateclear accurateaccurate summary accurateateconsumeris publicarectath accurate accurateaccura accurateaccurate rug 
 accurate clearfo medaccurateaccurateh 

clear claccurate provid accurateate reacc summaryaccurateacaprehensum clear accurateate complet accurateonsumer accurateaccurate the summaryclearaccurate agaccurateaccurate accurateon initialdate rectaccuraccurateatduplicateinaccurateateaccur unaccurclear accurateaccuraccuraclear informaate accura cons rectample clearateaccur anything cty accurate informationconsumerrectclearinaccurate accurate accurateate cleay import accurateumath accurateomaccur summary rect
accurrect accuraccur cons
accurrectaccurateemberitem accurate foreacaccurate accursummath aateaccuratewillare forcle ar accurateaccurateate inaccurate manipulateaccuateonsec accurateconsnerdis accuratealth accuratelyconsumerrect accuratearaccur rectfo accurateact ionarateaccuratensconf rectaccur accurately rectire ma accurateate consumer consumer accurateaccurate clearimach rectaccurate summary ate accuratefo accursm clear in the accurateorate accuratecaccuraccur egl exactonsume
 consumer rectaccurrectacsummation sums clearrectaccuratere accurategof accurateate henat rectaco accurate accurate ctaccur accurate rectaccurate orateatem consumer consumerrem accurateat cons rectaccurjest toat vissionsaminate accura accurateagency vis acc consumer accurateate accurate accurateaccurate clear
accuratens items rectaccure accurate thefor consumerariorsumotoxic accurate accuratearaccurate rectaccurateclear rectrectaco itemrectaccurate willfo
exorectlyforaccurate summaryrectaccuratelyaccur rectimagyears sixclear consu ensures acaccur consumer rectaccuraccur accurate accuratelly probeacc accurate item accurate excluding rectate rectaccurate willclearateumacaccuratelersum summaryconsumer rectaccurate rectaccuraterrect to smptrequentlyatecons laterrectaccurathe rectclearaccur clearrectwithoutaccur respect accurateitem  

consumerrect accurateonsumertherate rect accuratead summonrectely clearcons within r consumerate merest fo clear manufacturing clear rectifywevaluable accurateaccust one

itemrect clearrectaccurateateclearrectitle itemaccurateconsumercons rectn accurate stor rectons accurateonr accurateaccurallysconsumeraccur itemac accurate accurate  int clearaccuratelyateatearprotectateconaccuraccurateateclearaccuratelyteracempatanpercentrect accurately fo refnclearcaccurrectconsumer accurate smothe rately accurate ronsur rect agaccur rect clearpt consumeraccurcordpositionsaccuracurate accurate accurate rectaccur rectsummary consumeratewill 
rectateacc are rectaccurateclear consumer summarycle s rectateclear itsurnsubaccurate 
highestrect accuratecle rectrectcons accurate summer item rectaccur accuraterreat prosumpons acc recom consumer rectstatementlin summat c-industr rectaccera consumeraccur accurateateclearwithin ceaccuratelyaccur clear.accuracc rect summary rectrec accuratelyconsumeraccurateaccurate consumer cmately

accur accurateonandractle fumacc summatec rectonsumerateatherrectaccurateofrect consumer rect acc accurateofior rectumaccur accurate clearatelyrectitemconsumer rectaccur consumer updatedatemowith accurateclear accurateclearrectely stemmingyr accurate summary summarysummary 
atrectst rect summaryitems incleating accuratecons umerate 
rectrectcons summaccurrectly tenantconsumercons rect clearatecusurers rectum accuratelyconsumer accurate accur mass ex sumaricsateatlyaccur consclanife consumer v consum consumers in with clear rectaccura consumercle consumer clinaccuraccurat sectrect summatath actimore accuratexconsumer resumerate e
 accurate rectaccur rectsummeasuratelyaccuratelyrying theraccuratelyallyrectclearaccur consumerity accurateitemmpt rectrectaccur accurate accurate rectors rectby cons  sucommaton consumeraccuraccur consumbly
accur consumerrectateaccurately panel mpting rect ex is rectcitems clear exconsumer accurateone accuratecus consumer cons cons clear eclearate rectate def cons rectnextype sum clearath alwaysoons accurate accurateaccurately summaries clear rect consumeran rectaccurately res consumerateact consumer
Federal Trade Commission

Such disclosure shall be made at or prior to the time the information is deleted or the consumer's statement regarding the disputed information is received."

1. Relation to Other Sections

This section sets forth procedures consumer reporting agencies must follow if a consumer conveys a dispute of the completeness or accuracy of any item of information in the consumer's file to the consumer reporting agency. Section 609 provides for disclosures by consumer reporting agencies to consumers, and section 610 sets forth conditions of disclosure. Section 612 permits a consumer reporting agency to impose charges for certain disclosures, including the furnishing of certain information to recipients of prior reports, as provided by section 611(d).

2. Proper Reinvestigation

A consumer reporting agency conducting a reinvestigation must make a good faith effort to determine the accuracy of the disputed item or items. At a minimum, it must check with the original sources or other reliable sources of disputed information and inform them of the nature of the consumer's dispute. In reinvestigating and attempting to verify a disputed credit transaction, a consumer reporting agency may rely on the accuracy of a creditor's ledger sheets and need not require the creditor to produce documentation such as the actual signed slips. Depending on the nature of the dispute reinvestigation and resolution may require more than asking the original source of the disputed information the same question and receiving the same answer. If the consumer reporting agency has reason to question the accuracy of the information, the consumer reporting agency should at least explain to the source that the original statement has been disputed, state the consumer's position, and then ask whether the source would confirm the information, quality it, or accept the consumer's explanation.

3. Complaint of Insufficient File, or Lack of File

The FCRA does not require a consumer reporting agency to add new items of information to its file. A consumer reporting agency is not required to create new files on consumers for whom it has no file, nor is it required to add new lines of information about new accounts not reflected in an existing tile. If a consumer reporting agency is the consumer to dispute only the completeness or accuracy of particular items of information already in that file. If a consumer reporting agency chooses to add lines of information at, the consumer's request, it may charge a fee for doing so.

4. Explanation of Extenuating Circumstances

A consumer reporting agency has no duty to reinvestigate, or take any other action under this section, if a consumer merely provides a reason for a failure to pay a debt (e.g., sudden illness or layoff), and does not challenge the accuracy or completeness of the item of information in the tile relating to a debt. Most creditors are aware that a variety of circumstances may render consumers unable to repay credit obligations. Although a consumer reporting agency is not required to accept a consumer dispute statement that does not challenge the accuracy or completeness of an item in the consumer's file, it may accept such a statement and may charge a fee for doing so.

5. Reinvestigation of a Debt

A consumer reporting agency must reinvestigate if a consumer conveys to it a dispute concerning the validity or status of a debt, such as whether the debt was owed by the consumer or whether the debt was subsequently been paid. For example, if a consumer alleges that a judgment reflected in the file as unpaid has indeed been paid, or notifies a consumer reporting agency that a past due obligation reflected in the file as unpaid was subsequently paid, the consumer reporting agency must reinvestigate the matter. If a file reflects a debt discharged In bankruptcy without reflecting both the reaffirmation and payment of that debt, a consumer may require that the item be reinvestigated.

6. Status of a Debt

The consumer reporting agency must, upon reinvestigation, "record the current status" of he disputed item. This requires inclusion of any information relating to a change in status of an ongoing matter (e.g., that a credit account had been closed, that a debt showing as past due had subsequently been paid or discharged in bankruptcy, or that a debt shown as discharged in bankruptcy was later reaffirmed and/or paid).

7. Dispute Conveyed to Party Other Than the Consumer Reporting Agency

A consumer reporting agency is required to take action under this section only if the consumer directly communicates a dispute to it. It is not required to respond to a dispute of information that the consumer merely conveys to others (e.g., to a source of information). (But see, however, discussion in section 607, item 3A, of consumer reporting agencies' duties to correct errors that come to their attention.)

567
Pt. 600, App. 16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

8. Dispute Conveyed to the Consumer Reporting Agency by a Party Other Than the Consumer

A consumer reporting agency need not reinvestigate a dispute about a consumer’s file raised by any third party, because the obligation under the section arises only where an “item of information in his file is disputed by the consumer.”

9. Consumer Disclosures and Adverse Action Not Prerequisites to Reinvestigation Duty

A consumer reporting agency’s obligation to reinvestigate disputed items is not contingent upon the consumer’s having been denied a benefit or having asserted any rights under the FCRA other than disputing items of information.

10. Reasonable Period of Time

A consumer reporting agency is required to reinvestigate and record the current status of disputed information within a reasonable period of time after the consumer conveys the dispute to it. Although consumer reporting agencies are able to reinvestigate most disputes within 30 days, a “reasonable time” for reinvestigation may be shorter or longer depending on the circumstances of the dispute. For example, where the consumer provides documentary evidence (e.g., a certified copy of a court record) to show that a judgment has been dismissed or otherwise satisfied, the creditor may require a shorter time to reinvestigate. On the other hand, where the dispute concerns anecdotal information (e.g., the consumer alleges in good faith that a creditor has falsified its report of the consumer’s credit history because of a personal grudge), the “reasonable time” needed to conduct the reinvestigation may be longer.

11. Frivolous or Irrelevant

The mere presence of contradictory information in the file does not provide the consumer reporting agency “reasonable grounds to believe that the dispute” by the consumer “is frivolous or irrelevant.” A consumer reporting agency must assume a consumer’s dispute is bona fide, unless there is evidence to the contrary. Such evidence may constitute receipt of letters from consumers disputing all information in their own files or providing any allegations concerning the items in the file, or several letters in similar format that indicate that a particular third party (e.g., a “credit repair” operator) is counseling consumers to dispute all items in their files, regardless of whether the information is known to be accurate. The agency is not required to repeat a reinvestigation that it has previously conducted simply because the consumer reiterates a dispute about the same item of information, unless the consumer provides additional evidence that the item is inaccurate or incomplete, or alleges changed circumstances.

12. Deletion of Accurate Information That has not Been Disputed

The consumer reporting agency is not required to delete accurate information that could not be verified upon reinvestigation, if it has not been “disputed by a consumer.” For example, if a creditor deletes adverse information from its files with the result that information could not be reverified if disputed, it is still permissible for a consumer reporting agency to report it (subject to the obsolescence provisions of section 605) until it is disputed.

13. Consumer Dispute Statements on Multiple Items

A consumer who disputes multiple items of information in his file may submit a one hundred word statement as to each disputed item.

14. Conveying Dispute Statements to Recipients of Subsequent Reports.

A consumer reporting agency need only merely tell the recipient of a subsequent report containing disputed information that the consumer’s statement as to the item will be provided only if requested, because subsection (c) requires the agency to provide either the statement or a “clear and accurate codification or summary thereof.”

Section 612—Charges for Certain Disclosures

“A consumer reporting agency shall make all disclosures pursuant to section 609 and furnish all consumer reports pursuant to section 611(d) without charge to the consumer if, within thirty days after receipt by such consumer of a notification pursuant to section 615 or notification from a debt collection agency affiliated with such consumer reporting agency stating that the consumer’s credit rating may be or has been adversely affected, the consumer makes a request under section 609 or 611(d).” Otherwise, the consumer reporting agency may impose a reasonable charge on the consumer for making disclosure to such consumer pursuant to section 609, the charge for which shall be indicated to the consumer prior to making disclosure; and for providing notifications, statements, summaries, or codifications to persons designated by the consumer pursuant to section 611(d), the charge for which shall be indicated to the consumer prior to furnishing such information and shall not exceed the charge that the consumer reporting agency would impose on each designated recipient for a consumer report except that no charge may be made for

568
Federal Trade Commission

notifying such persons of the deletion of in- 
formation which is found to be inaccurate or 
which can no longer be verified."
1. Irrelevance of Subsequent Grant of Credit 
or Reason for Denial
A consumer denied credit because of a con-
sumer report from a consumer reporting 
agency has the right to a free disclosure 
from that agency within 30 days of receipt of 
the section 615(a) notice, even if credit was 
subsequently granted or the basis of the de-
nial was that the references supplied by the 
consumer are too few or too new to appear in 
the credit file.
2. Charge for Reinvestigation Prohibited
This section does not permit consumer re-
porting agencies to charge for making the 
reinvestigation or following other proce-
dures required by section 611 (a)-(c).
3. Permissible Charges for Services 
Requested by Consumers
A consumer reporting agency may charge 
fees for creating files on consumers at their 
request, or for other services not required by 
the FCRA that are requested by consumers.
Section 613—Public Record Information for 
Employment Purposes
"A consumer reporting agency which fur-
nishes a consumer report for employment 
purposes and which for that purpose com-
piles and reports items of information on 
consumers which are matters of public 
record and are likely to have an adverse ef-
fect upon a consumer's ability to obtain em-
ployment shall—
 (1) at the time such public record information 
is reported to the user of such consumer 
report, notify the consumer of the fact that 
public record information is being reported 
by the consumer reporting agency, together 
with the name and address of the person to 
whom such information is being reported; or 
 (2) maintain strict procedures designed to 
insure that whenever public record informa-
tion which is likely to have an adverse effect 
on a consumer's ability to obtain employ-
ment is reported it is complete and up to 
date. For purposes of this paragraph, items 
of public record relating to arrests, indict-
ments, convictions, suits, tax liens, and out-
standing judgments shall be considered up to 
date if the current public record status of 
the item at the time of the report is re-
ported."
1. Relation to Other Sections
A consumer reporting agency that com-
plies with section 613(1) must also follow rea-
sonable procedures to assure maximum pos-
sible accuracy, as required by section 607(b).
2. Alternate Methods of Compliance
A consumer reporting agency that fur-
nishes public record information for employ-
ment purposes must comply with either sub-
section (1) or (2), but need not comply with 
both.
3. Information From Another Consumer 
Reporting Agency
If a consumer reporting agency uses infor-
mation or reports from other consumer re-
porting agencies in a report for employment 
purposes, it must comply with this section.
4. Method of Providing Notice 
A consumer reporting agency may use first 
class mail to provide the notice required by 
subsection (1).
5. Waiver
The procedures required by this section 
cannot be waived by the consumer to whom 
the report relates.
Section 614—Restrictions on Investigative 
Consumer Reports
"Whenever a consumer reporting agency 
prepares an investigative consumer report, 
no adverse information in the consumer re-
port (other than information which is a mat-
ter of public record) may be included in a 
subsequent consumer report unless such ad-
verse information has been verified in the 
process of making such subsequent consumer 
report, or the adverse information was re-
ceived within the three-month period pre-
ceding the date the subsequent report is fur-
nished."
Section 615—Requirements on Users of 
Consumer Reports
(a) Whenever credit or insurance for per-
sonal, family, or household purposes, or em-
ployment involving a consumer is denied or 
the charge for such credit or insurance is in-
creased either wholly or partly because of in-
formation contained in a consumer report 
from a consumer reporting agency, the user 
of the consumer report shall so advise the 
consumer against whom such adverse action 
has been taken and supply the name and ad-
dress of the consumer reporting agency mak-
ing the report.
(h) Whenever credit for personal, family, or 
household purposes involving a consumer is 
denied or the charge for such credit is in-
creased either wholly or partly because of in-
formation obtained from a person other than 
a consumer reporting agency bearing upon 
the consumer's credit worthiness, credit 
standing, credit capacity, character, general 
reputation, personal characteristics, or mode 
of living, the user of such information shall, 
within a reasonable period of time, upon the 
consumer's written request for the reasons 
569
Pt. 600, App.                                                      16 CFR Ch. 1 (1–1–11 Edition)

for such adverse action received within 60 days after learning of such adverse action. disclose the nature of the information to the consumer. The user of such information shall clearly and accurately disclose to the consumer his right to make such written request at the time such adverse action is communicated to the consumer.

(c) No person shall be held liable for any violation of this section if he shows by a preponderance of the evidence that at the time of the alleged violation he maintained reasonable procedures to assure compliance with the provisions of subsections (a) and (b).*

1. Relation to Other Sections and Regulation B

Sections 606 and 615 are the only two sections that require users of reports to make disclosures to consumers. Section 606 applies only to users of ‘‘investigative consumer reports.’’ Creditors should not confuse compliance with section 615(a), which only requires disclosure of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency, with compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. et seq. and Regulation B, 12 CFR 202, which require disclosure of the reasons for adverse action. Compliance with section 615(a), therefore, does not constitute compliance with Regulation B.

2. Limited Scope of Requirements

The section does not require that creditors disclose their credit criteria or standards or that employers furnish copies of personnel reports to former employees. The section does not require that the user provide any kind of advance notification to consumers before a consumer report is obtained. (See section 606 regarding notice of investigative consumer reports.)

3. Method of Disclosure

The disclosures required by this section need not be made in writing. However, users will have evidence that they have taken reasonable steps to comply with this section if they provide written disclosures and retain copies for at least two years, the applicable statute of limitations for most civil liability actions under the FCRA.

4. Adverse Action Based on Direct Information

This section does not require that a user send any notice to a consumer concerning adverse action regarding that consumer that is based on information from a source other consumer reporting agency or on information from a third party. For example, no disclosure required concerning adverse action based on information provided by the consumer in an application or based on past experience in direct transactions with the consumer.

5. Creditors Using ‘‘Prescreened’’ Mailing Lists

A creditor is not required to provide notices regarding consumer reporting agencies that prepare mailing lists by ‘‘prescreening’’ because they do not involve consumer requests for credit and credit has not been denied to consumers whose names are deleted from a list furnished to the agency for use in this procedure. See discussion of ‘‘prescreening,’’ under section 604(3)(A), item 6, supra.

6. Applicability to Users of Motor Vehicle Reports

An insurer that refuses to issue a policy, or charges a higher than normal premium, based on a motor vehicle report is required to comply with subsection(a).

7. Securities and Insurance Transactions

A consumer report ‘‘used’’ means credit to a consumer in connection with a securities transaction must provide the required notice, because the denial is for ‘‘credit * * * for personal purposes,’’ unless the consumer engages in such transaction as a 
business.

8. Denial of Employment

An employer must provide the notice required by subsection (a) to an individual who has applied for employment and has been rejected based on a consumer report. However, an employer is not required to send a notice when it decides not to offer a position to an individual who has not applied, because in this case employment is not ‘‘denied.’’ (See discussion in section 606, item 4, supra.)

9. Adverse Action Involving Credit

A creditor must provide the required notice when it denies the consumer’s request for credit (including a rejection based on a scoring system, where a credit report received less than the maximum number of points possible and caused the application to receive an insufficient score), denies the consumer’s request for increased credit, grants credit in an amount less than the consumer requested, or raises the charge for credit.

10. Adverse Action Not Involving Credit, Insurance or Employment

The Act does not require that a report user provide any notice to consumers concerning adverse action not relating to credit, insurance or employment. For example, a landlord who refuses to rent an apartment to a consumer based on credit or other information in a consumer report need not provide

570
Federal Trade Commission
  
Pt. 600, App.

the notice. Similarly, a party that uses credit or other information in a consumer report
as a basis for refusing to accept payment by check need not comply with this section. Checks have historically been treated as cash items, and thus such refusal does not
involve a denial of credit, insurance or employment.

11. Adverse Action Based on Non-derogatory Adverse Information

A party taking adverse action concerning credit or insurance or denying employment, “wholly or partly because of information contained in a consumer report,” must provide the required notice, even if the information is not derogatory. For example, the user must give the notice if the denial is based wholly or partly on the absence of a file or on the fact that the file contained insufficient references.

12. Name and Address of the Consumer Reporting Agency

The “section 615(a)” notice must include the consumer reporting agency's street address, not just a post office box address.

13. Agency To Be Identified

The consumer report user should provide the name and address of the consumer reporting agency from which it obtained the consumer report, even if that agency obtained all or part of the report from another agency.

14. Denial Based Partly on a Consumer Report

A “section 615(a)” notice must be sent even if the adverse action is based partly on a consumer report.

15. Denial of Credit Based on Information From “Third Parties”

Subsection (b) imposes requirements on a creditor when it denies (or increases the charge for) credit for personal, family or household purposes involving a consumer, based on information from a “third party” source, which means a source other than a consumer reporting agency, the creditor’s own files, or the consumer's application (e.g., another employer, landlord, or the public record). Where a creditor denies a consumer's application based on information obtained directly from another lender, even if the lender's name was furnished to the creditor by a consumer reporting agency, the creditor must give a “third party” disclosure.

16. Substance of Required “Third Party” Disclosure

When the adverse action is communicated to the consumer, the creditor must clearly and accurately disclose to the consumer his or her right to make a written request for the disclosure of the nature of the third party information that led to the adverse action. Upon timely receipt of such a request, however, the creditor need disclose only the nature of the information that led to the adverse action (e.g., history of late rent payments or bad checks); it need not identify the source that provided the information or the criteria that led to the adverse action. A creditor may comply with subsection (b) by providing a statement of the nature of the third party information that led to the denial when it notifies the consumer of the denial. A statement of principal, specific reasons for adverse action based on third party information that is sufficient to comply with the requirements of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (e.g., “unable to verify employment”) is sufficient to constitute disclosure of the “nature of the information” under subsection (b).

Section 616—Civil Liability for Willful Noncompliance

Section 616 permits consumers who sue and prove willful noncompliance with the Act to recover actual damages, punitive damages, and the costs of the action, together with reasonable attorney's fees.

Section 617—Civil Liability for Negligent Noncompliance

Section 617 permits consumers who sue and prove negligent noncompliance with the Act to recover actual damages and the costs of the action, together with reasonable attorney's fees.

Section 618—Jurisdiction of Courts; Limitation of Actions

Section 618 provides that any action brought under section 616 or section 617 may be brought in any United States district court or other court of competent jurisdiction, Such suit must be brought within two years from the date on which liability arises, unless a defendant has materially and willfully misrepresented information the Act requires to be disclosed, and the information misrepresented is material to establishment of the defendant's liability. In that event, the action must be brought within two years after the individual discovers the misrepresentation.

Section 619—Obtaining Information Under False Pretenses

Section 619 provides criminal sanctions against any person who knowingly and willfully obtains information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretenses.
  
  571
Pt. 600, App.						16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

1. Relation to Other Sections
The presence of this provision does not excuse a consumer reporting agency’s failure to follow reasonable procedures, as required by section 607(a), to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to the purposes listed under section 604.

Section 620—Unauthorized Disclosures by Officers or Employees
Section 620 provides criminal sanctions against any officer or employee of a consumer reporting agency who knowingly and willfully provides information concerning an individual from the agency’s file to a person not authorized to receive it.

Section 621—Administrative Enforcement
This section gives the Federal Trade Commission authority to enforce the Act with respect to consumer reporting agencies, users of reports, and all others, except to the extent that it gives enforcement jurisdiction consigned to some other agency. Those exceptions follow: The Commission’s enforcement jurisdiction include certain financial institutions regulated by Federal agencies or subagencies, Federal credit unions, common carriers subject to acts to regulate commerce, air carriers, and parties subject to the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921.

1. General
The Commission can use its cease-and-desist and other procedural, investigative and enforcement powers which it has under the FTC Act to secure compliance, irrespective of commerce or any other jurisdictional tests in the FTC Act.

2. Geographic Coverage
The Commission’s authority encompasses the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and all United States territories but does not extend to activities outside those areas.

3. Status of Commission Commentary and Staff Interpretations
The FCRA does not give any Federal agency authority to promulgate rules having the force and effect, of statutory provisions. The Commission has issued this Commentary, supplementing the eight formal Interpretations of the Act (16 CFR 600.1-600.8), previously issued pursuant to § 1.73 of the Commission’s Rules, 16 CFR 1.73. The Commentary does not constitute substantive rules and does not have the force of statutory provisions. It constitutes guidelines to clarify the Act. They are advisory in nature and represent the Commission’s views as to what particular provisions of the Act mean. Staff opinion letters constitute staff interpretations of the Act’s provisions, but do not have the force or effect of statutory provisions and, as provided in § 1.72 of the Commission’s Rules, 16 CFR 1.72, do not bind the Commission.

Section 622—Relation to State Laws
“This title does not annul, alter, affect, or exempt any person subject to the provisions of this title from complying with the laws of any State with respect to the collection, distribution, or use of any information on consumers, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this title, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency.”

1. Basic Rule
State law is pre-empted by the FCRA only when compliance with inconsistent State law would result in violation of the FCRA.

2. Examples of Statutes that are not Pre-empted
A State law requirement that an employer provide notice to a consumer before requesting a consumer report, or that a consumer reporting agency provide the consumer with a written copy of his file, would not be pre-empted, because a party could comply with such provisions and not violate the FCRA.

3. Examples of Statutes that are Pre-empted
A State law authorizing grand juries to compel consumer reporting agencies to provide consumer reports, by means of a subpœna signed by a court clerk, is pre-empted by the FCRA’s requirement that such reports be furnished only pursuant to an “order of the court” signed by a judge (section 610(f)), or furnished for use by the consumer reporting agency in response to grand jury subpœnas (sections 608(2)- (3)), and by section 610(a). A State statute requiring automatic disclosure of a deletion or disputed statement to ever consumer report previously received a consumer report containing the disputed information, regardless of whether the consumer has designated persons to receive this disclosure, is pre-empted by section 604 of the FCRA, which permits disclosure only for specified, permissible purposes and by section 607(a), which requires consumer reporting agencies to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to persons listed under section 604. Absent a specific designation by the consumer, the consumer reporting agency need not and should not tell past recipients who have a current, permissible purpose to receive the reports.

4. Statute Providing Access for Enforcement Purposes
A State “little FCRA” that permits State officials access to a consumer reporting agency’s files for the purpose of enforcing 572
Federal Trade Commission

that statute just as Federal agencies are permitted access to such files under the FCRA, is not pre-empted by the FCRA.
(Information collection requirements in this appendix were approved by the Office of Management and Budget under control number 3084-0091)

[55 FR 18808, May 4, 1990, as amended at 57 FR 43854, Feb. 11, 1999; 60 FR 45660, Sept. 1, 1995]

PART 602—FAIR AND ACCURATE CREDIT TRANSACTIONS ACT OF 2003

Authority: 15 U.S.C. 1681s; sec. 3, Pub. L. 108-159; 117 Stat. 1953.
§602.1 Effective dates.
(a)-(b) [Reserved]
(c) The applicable provisions of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (FACT Act), Pub. L. 108-159, 117 Stat. 1952, shall be effective in accordance with the following schedule:
(1) Provisions effective December 31, 2003.
(i) Sections 151(a)(2), 212(e), 214(c), 311(b), and 711, concerning the relation to state laws; and
(ii) Each of the provisions of the FACT Act that authorizes an agency to issue a regulation or to take other action to implement the applicable provision of the FACT Act or the applicable provision of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the FACT Act, but only with respect to that agency's authority to propose and adopt the implementing regulation or to take such other action.

(2) Provisions effective March 31, 2004.
(i) Section 111, concerning the definitions;
(ii) Section 156, concerning the statute of limitations
(iii) Sections 312(d), (e), and (f), concerning the furnisher liability exception, liability and enforcement, and rule of construction, respectively;
(iv) Section 313(a), concerning action regarding complaints;
(v) Section 611, concerning communications for certain employee investigations; and
(vi) Section 811, concerning clerical amendments.

(3) Provisions effective December 1, 2004.
(i) Section 112, concerning fraud alerts and active duty alerts;
(ii) Section 114, concerning procedures for the identification of possible instances of identity theft;
(iii) Section 115, concerning truncation of the social security number in a consumer report;
(iv) Section 151(a)(1), concerning the summary of rights of identity theft victims;
(v) Section 152, concerning blocking of information resulting from identity theft;
(vi) Section 153, concerning the coordination of identity theft complaint investigations;
(vii) Section 154, concerning the prevention of repollution of consumer reports;
(viii) Section 155, concerning notice by debt collectors with respect to fraudulent information;
(ix) Section 211(c), concerning a summary of rights of consumers;
(x) Section 212(a)-(d), concerning the disclosure of credit scores;
(xi) Section 213(c), concerning duration of elections;
(xii) Section 217(a), concerning the duty to provide notice to a consumer;
(xiii) Section 311(a), concerning the risk-based pricing notice;
(xiv) Section 312(a)-(c), concerning procedures to enhance the accuracy and integrity of information furnished to consumer reporting agencies;
(xv) Section 314, concerning improved disclosure of the results of reinvestigation;
(xvi) Section 315, concerning reconciling addresses;
(xvii) Section 316, concerning notice of dispute through reseller; and
(xviii) Section 317, concerning the duty to conduct a reasonable reinvestigation.

[69 FR 29065, May 20, 2004]

PART 603—DEFINITIONS

Authority: Pub. L. 108-159, sec. III; 15 U.S.C. 1681a.
§ 603.1  16 CFR Ch. I (1--1--111 Edition)

§ 603.1 Terms defined in the Fair Cred it Reporting Act.

Any term used in any part in this subchapter, if defined in the Fair Cred it Reporting Act (FCRA) and not other wise defined in that rule, has the same meaning provided by the FCRA.
[69 FR 29063, May 20, 2004]

Editorial Note: At 69 FR 63933, November 3, 2004, part 603 was added to title 16. How ever, part 603 already existed, therefore this amendment could not be incorporated. For the convenience of the user, the added text is set forth as follows:

PART 603--DEFINITIONS

Sec.
603.1 [Reserved]
603.2 Identity theft.
603.3 Identity theft report.

Authority: Pub. L. 108-159, sec 111; 15 U.S.C. 1681a.

§ 603.1 [Reserved]

§ 603.2 Identity theft.

(a) The term "identity theft" means a fraud committed or attempted using the ident ifying information of another person without authority.
(b) The term "identifying information" means any name or number that may be used, alone or in conjunction with any other information, to identify a specific person, including any

(1) Name, social security number, date of birth, official State or government issued driver's license or identification number, alien registration number, government pass port number, employer or taxpayer ident ification number;
(2) Unique biometric data, such as finger print, voice print, retina or iris image, or other unique physical representation;
(3) Unique electronic identification numb er, address, or routing code; or
(4) Telecommunication identifying info rmation or access device (as defined in 18 U.S.C. 1029(e)).

§ 603.3 Identity theft report.

(a) The term "identity theft report" means a report
(1) That alleges identity theft with as much specificity as the consumer can pro vide;
(2) That is a copy of an official, valid re port filed by the consumer with a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency. in cluding the United States Postal Inspection Service, or with a similar agency sublects the person filing the report to criminal penalties re lating to the filing of false information, if, in fact, the information in the report is false; and

(3) That may include additional informa tion or documentation that an information furnisher or consumer reporting agency rea sonably requests for the purpose of deter mining the validity of the alleged identity theft, provided that the information furn isher or consumer reporting agency:

(i) Makes such request not later than fif teen days after the date of receipt of the copy of the report from identified in para graph (a)(1) of this section by the consumer for the particular service whichever shall be the later:
(ii) Makes any supplemental request for information or documentation and final de termination on the acceptance of the iden tity theft report within another fifteen days after its initial request for information or documentation; and
(iii) Shall have five days to make a final determination on the acceptance of the iden tity theft report, in the event that the con sumer reporting agency or information fur nisher requests any additional information or documentation on the eleventh day or later within the fifteen day period set forth in paragraph (a)(31(ii) of this section.

(b) Examples of the specificity referenced in paragraph (a)(3) of this section are pro vided for illustrative purposes as follows:

(1) Specific dates relating to the identity theft such as when the person to whom of ficial information occurred or the when the fraud(s) using the personal information oc curred, and how the consumer discovered or otherwise learned of the theft.
(2) Identification information or any other information about the perpetrator, if known.
(3) Name(s) of information furnishers), ac count numbers, or other relevant account in formation related to the identity theft.
(4) Any other information known to the consumer about the identity theft.

(c) Examples of when it would not would be reasonable to request additional informa tion or documentation referenced in para graph (a)(3) of this section are provided for illustrative purposes only, as follows:

(1) A law enforcement report containing detailed information about the identity theft and the signature, badge number or other identification information of the individual law enforcement official taking the report should be sufficient in most cases to support the victim's request. In this case, without an identifiable concern, such as an indication that the report was fraudulent, it would not be reasonable for an information furnisher or consumer reporting agency to request ad ditional information or documentation. 
(2) A consumer might provide a law en forcement report similar to the report in paragraph (a)(1) of this section but certain slots
Federal Trade Commission

important information such as the consumer’s date of birth or Social Security number may be missing because the consumer chose not to provide it. The information furnisher or consumer reporting agency could accept this report, but it would be reasonable to require that the consumer provide the missing information.
(3) A consumer might provide a law enforcement report generated by an automated system with a simple allegation that an identity theft occurred to support a request for a tradeline block or cessation of information furnishing. In such a case, it would be reasonable for an information furnisher or consumer reporting agency to ask that the consumer fill out and have notarized the Commission’s ID Theft Affidavit or a similar form and provide some form of identification documentation.
(4) A consumer might provide a law enforcement report generated by an automated system with a simple allegation that an identity theft occurred to support a request for an extended fraud alert. In this case, it would not be unreasonable for a consumer reporting agency to require additional documentation of information, such as a notarized affidavit.

PART 604—FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT RULES

AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108–159, secs. 3, 111, 112, 114, 151, 153, 211, 212, 213, 214, 216, 311, 315; 15 U.S.C. 1681s.

§604.1 Severability.
All parts and subparts of this subchapter are separate and severable from one another. If any part or subpart is stayed or determined to be invalid, the Commission intends that the remaining parts and subparts shall continue in effect.
[69 FR 29063, May 20, 2004]

PART 610—FREE ANNUAL FILE DISCLOSURES

Sec.
610.1 Definitions and rule of construction.
610.2 Centralized source for requesting annual file disclosures from nationwide consumer reporting agencies.
610.3 Streamlined process for requesting annual file disclosures from nationwide consumer reporting agencies.
610.4 Prevention of deceptive marketing of free credit reports.

AUTHORITY: 15 U.S.C. 1681a, g, j, and x; sec. 211(a) and (d), Pub. L. 108–159, 117 Stat. 1968 and 1972 (15 U.S.C. 1681j); Pub. L 111–24.

SOURCE: 69 FR 35496, June 24, 2004, unless otherwise noted.

§610.1 Definitions and rule of construction.
(a) The definitions and rule of construction set forth in this section apply throughout this part.
(b) Definitions. (1) Annual file disclosure means a file disclosure that is provided to a consumer, upon consumer request and without charge, once in any 12-month period, in compliance with section 612(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681j(a).
(2) Associated consumer reporting agency means a consumer reporting agency that owns or maintains consumer files housed within systems operated by one or more nationwide consumer reporting agencies.
(3) Consumer means an individual.
(4) Consumer report has the meaning provided in section 603(d) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(d).
(5) Consumer reporting agency has the meaning provided in section 603(f) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(f).
(6) Extraordinary request volume, except as provided in sections 610.2(j) and 610.3(g) of this part, occurs when the number of consumers requesting or attempting to request file disclosures during any 24-hour period is more than 175% of the rolling 90-day daily average of consumers requesting or attempting to request file disclosures. For example, if over the previous 90 days an average of 100 consumers per day requested or attempted to request file disclosures, then extraordinary request volume would be any volume greater than 175% of 100, i.e., 176 or more requests in a single 24-hour period.
(7) File disclosure means a disclosure by a consumer reporting agency pursuant to section 609 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681g.
(8) High request volume, except as provided in sections 610.2(j) and 610.3(g) of this part, occurs when the number of consumers requesting or attempting to request file disclosures during any 24-hour period is more than 125% of the 575
§610.2                                                                           16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)
rolling 90-day daily average of con- sumers requesting or attempting to re- quest file disclosures. For example, if over the previous 90 days an average of 100 consumers per day requested or at- tempted to request file disclosures, then high request volume would be any volume greater than 125% of 100 i.e., 126 or more requests in a single 24-hour period.
  (9) Nationwide consumer reporting agency means a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis as defined in section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(p).
  (10) Nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency has the meaning pro- vided in section 603(w) of the Fair Cred- it Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(w).
  (11) Request method means the method by which a consumer chooses to com- municate a request for an annual file disclosure.
  (c) Rule of construction. The examples in this part are illustrative and not ex- clusive. Compliance with an example, to the extent applicable, constitutes compliance with this part.
§610.2 Centralized source for request- ing annual file disclosures from na- tionwide consumer reporting agen- cies.
  (a) Purpose. The purpose of the cen- tralized source is to enable consumers to make a single request to obtain an- nual file disclosures from all nation- wide consumer reporting agencies, as required under section 612(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681j(a).
  (b) Establishment and operation. All nationwide consumer reporting agen- cies shall jointly design, fund, imple- ment, maintain, and operate a central- ized source for the purpose described in paragraph (a) of this section. The cen- tralized source required by this part shall:
  (1) Enable consumers to request an- nual file disclosures by any of the fol- lowing request methods, at the con- sumers’ option:
  (i) A single, dedicated Internet website;
  (ii) A single, dedicated toll-free tele- phone number; and
  
  (iii) Mail directed to a single address;
  (2) Be designed, funded, implemented,
maintained, and operated in a manner
that:
  (i) Has adequate capacity to accept
requests from the reasonably antici-
pated volume of consumers contacting
the centralized source through each re-
quest method, as determined in accord-
ance with paragraph (c) of this section;
  (ii) Collects only as much personally
identifiable information as is reason-
ably necessary to properly identify the
consumer as required under the Fair
Credit Reporting Act, section 610(a)(1),
15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1), and other applica-
ble laws and regulations, and to proc-
ess the transaction(s) requested by the
consumer;
  (iii) Provides information through
the centralized source website and tele-
phone number regarding how to make a
request by all request methods re-
quired under §610.2(b)(1) of this part;
and
  (iv) Provides clear and easily under-
standable information and instructions
to consumers, including, but not nec-
essarily limited to:
  (A) Providing information on the progress of the consumer’s request while the consumer is engaged in the process of requesting a file disclosure;
  (B) For a website request method, providing access to a ‘‘help” or ‘‘frequently asked questions” screen, which includes specific information consumers might reasonably need to request file disclosures, the answers to questions that consumers might rea- sonably ask, and instructions whereby a consumer may file a complaint with the centralized source and with the Federal Trade Commission;
  (C) In the event that a consumer re- questing a file disclosure through the centralized source cannot be properly identified in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, section 610(a)(1), 15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1), and other applica- ble laws and regulations, providing a statement that the consumer’s identity cannot be verified; and, where feasible, how to complete the request, including what additional information or docu- mentation will be required to complete the request, and how to submit such in- formation; and


576
Federal Trade Commission

§ 610.2

(D) A statement indicating that the
consumer has reached the website or
telephone number for ordering free annual credit reports as required by federal law; and
(3) Make available to consumers a
standardized form established jointly
by the nationwide consumer reporting
agencies, which consumers may use to
make a request for an annual file disclosure, either by mail or on the Internet website required under § 610.2(b)(1)
of this part, from the centralized
source required by this part. The form
provided at 16 CFR Part 698, Appendix
D, may be used to comply with this
section.
(c) Requirement to anticipate. The nationwide consumer reporting agencies
shall implement reasonable procedures
to anticipate, and to respond to, the
volume of consumers who will contact
the centralized source through each request method, to request, or attempt
to request, a file disclosure, including
developing and implementing contingency plans to address circumstances
that are reasonably likely to occur and
that may materially and adversely impact the operation of the nationwide
consumer reporting agency, a centralized source request method, or the centralized source.
(1) The contingency plans required by
this section shall include reasonable
measures to minimize the impact of
such circumstances on the operation of
the centralized source and on consumers contacting, or attempting to
contact, the centralized source.
(i) Such reasonable measures to minimize impact shall include, but are not
necessarily limited to:
(A) The extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, providing information to consumers on
how to use another available request
method;
(B) The extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, communicating, to a consumer who attempts but is unable to make a request, the fact that a condition exists
that has precluded the centralized
source from accepting all requests, and
the period of time after which the centralized source is reasonably anticipated to be able to accept the consumers’ request for an annual file disclosure; and
(C) Taking all reasonable steps to restore the centralized source to normal
operating status as quickly as reasonably practicable under the circumstances.
(ii) Reasonable measures to minimize
impact may also include, as appropriate, collecting request information
but declining to accept the request for
processing until a reasonable later
time, provided that the consumer is
clearly and prominently informed, to
the extent reasonably practicable
under the circumstances, of when the
request will be accepted for processing.
(2) A nationwide consumer reporting
agency shall not be deemed in violation of § 610.2(b)(2)(i) of this part if a
centralized source request method is
unavailable to accept requests for a
reasonable period of time for purposes
of conducting maintenance on the request method, provided that the other
required request methods remain available during such time.
(d) Disclosures required. If a nationwide consumer reporting agency has
the ability to provide a consumer report to a third party relating to a consumer, regardless of whether the consumer report is owned by that nationwide consumer reporting agency or by
an associated consumer reporting agency, that nationwide consumer reporting agency shall, upon proper identification in compliance with section
610(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting
Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1), provide an
annual file disclosure to such consumer
if the consumer makes a request
through the centralized source.
(e) High request volume and extraordinary request volume—(1) High request
volume. Provided that a nationwide
consumer reporting agency has implemented reasonable procedures developed in accordance with paragraph (c)
of this section, entitled ‘‘requirement
to anticipate’’, the nationwide consumer reporting agency shall not be
deemed in violation of paragraph
(b)(2)(i) of this section for any period of
time in which a centralized source request method, the centralized source,
or the nationwide consumer reporting

577
§ 610.2                                                                                          16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

agency experiences high request volume, if the nationwide consumer reporting agency:
    (i) Collects all consumer request information and delays accepting the request for processing until a reasonable later time; and 
    (ii) Clearly and prominently informs the consumer of when the request will be accepted for processing.
(2) Extraordinary request volume. Provided that the nationwide consumer reporting agency has implemented reasonable procedures developed in compliance with paragraph (c) of this section, entitled “requirement to anticipate”, the nationwide consumer reporting agency shall not be deemed in violation of paragraph (b)(2)(i) of this section for any period of time during which a particular centralized source request method, the centralized source, or the nationwide consumer reporting agency experiences extraordinary request volume.
(f) Information use and disclosure. Any personally identifiable information collected from consumers as a result of a request for annual file disclosure, or other disclosure required by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, made through the centralized source, may be used or disclosed by the centralized source or a nationwide consumer reporting agency only:
    (1) To provide the annual file disclosure or other disclosure required under the FCRA requested by the consumer;
    (2) To process a transaction requested by the consumer at the same time as a request for annual file disclosure or other disclosure;
    (3) To comply with applicable legal requirements, including those imposed by the Fair Credit Reporting Act and this part; and
    (4) To update personally identifiable information already maintained by the nationwide consumer reporting agency for the purpose of providing consumer reports, provided that the nationwide consumer reporting agency uses and discloses the updated personally identifiable information subject to the same restrictions that would apply, under any applicable provision of law or regulation, to the information updated or replaced.
(g) Communications provided through centralized source. (1) Any advertising or marketing for products or services, any communications or instructions that advertise or market any products or services, or any request to establish an account through the centralized source must be delayed until after the consumer has obtained his or her annual file disclosure.
    (i) In the case of requests made by mail or telephone, the consumer “has obtained his or her annual file disclosure” when the file disclosure is mailed, and the nationwide consumer reporting agency may include advertising for other products or services with the file disclosure.
    (ii) In the case of requests made through the centralized source Internet website, the consumer “has obtained his or her annual file disclosure” when the file disclosure is delivered to the consumer through the Internet, and the nationwide consumer reporting agency may include advertising for other products or services with the file disclosure.
(2) Any communications, instructions, or permitted advertising or marketing shall not interfere with, detract from, contradict, or otherwise undermine the purpose of the centralized source stated in paragraph (a) of this section.
(3) Examples of interfering, detracting, inconsistent, and or undermining communications include:
    (i) Centralized source materials that represent, expressly or by implication, that a consumer must purchase a paid product or service in order to receive or to understand the annual file disclosure;
    (ii) Centralized source materials that represent, expressly or by implication, that annual file disclosures are not free, or that obtaining an annual file disclosure will have a negative impact on the consumers’ credit standing; and
    (iii) Centralized source materials that falsely represent, expressly or by implication, that a product or service offered ancillary to receipt of a file disclosure, such as a credit score or credit monitoring service, is free, or fail to clearly and prominently disclose that consumers must cancel a service, advertised as free for an initial period of

578
Federal Trade Commission                                                § 610.3
time, to avoid being charged, if such is the case.
  (h) Other practices prohibited through
the centralized source. The centralized source shall not:
  (1) Contain hyperlinks to commercial or proprietary websites until after the consumer has obtained his or her annual file disclosure, except for technical transfers to a web page on which consumers can request their free annual file disclosure; provided, however, that no hyperlinks to commercial websites shall appear on the initial page of the centralized source.
  (2) Require consumers to set up an account in connection with obtaining an annual file disclosure; or
  (3) Ask or require consumers to agree to terms or conditions in connection with obtaining an annual file disclosure.

[75 FR 9724, Mar. 3, 2010]

§ 610.3 Streamlined process for requesting annual file disclosures from nationwide specialty consumer reporting agencies.
(a) Streamlined process requirements.
Any nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency shall have a streamlined process for accepting and processing consumer requests for annual file disclosures. The streamlined process required by this part shall:
  (1) Enable consumers to request annual file disclosures by a toll-free telephone number that:
      (i) Provides clear and prominent instructions for requesting disclosures by any additional available request methods, that do not interfere with, detract from, contradict, or otherwise undermine the ability of consumers to obtain annual file disclosures through the streamlined process required by this part;
      (ii) Is published, in conjunction with all other published numbers for the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency, in any telephone directory in which any telephone number for the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency is published; and
      (iii) Is clearly and prominently posted on any website owned or maintained by the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency that is related to consumer reporting, along with instructions for requesting disclosures by any additional available request methods; and
  (2) Be designed, funded, implemented, maintained, and operated in a manner that:
      (i) Has adequate capacity to accept requests from the reasonably anticipated volume of consumers contacting the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency through the streamlined process, as determined in compliance with paragraph (b) of this section;
      (ii) Collects only as much personal information as is reasonably necessary to properly identify the consumer as required under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, section 610(a)(1), 15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1), and other applicable laws and regulations; and
      (iii) Provides clear and easily understandable information and instructions to consumers, including but not necessarily limited to:
          (A) Providing information on the status of the consumer's request while the consumer is in the process of making a request;
          (B) For a website request method, providing access to a ‘‘help’’ or ‘‘frequently asked questions’’ screen, that includes more specific information that consumers might reasonably need to order their file disclosure, the answers to questions that consumers might reasonably ask, and instructions whereby a consumer may file a complaint with the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency and with the Federal Trade Commission; and
          (C) In the event that a consumer requesting a file disclosure cannot be properly identified in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, section 610(a)(1), 15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1), and other applicable laws and regulations, providing a statement that the consumer's identity cannot be verified; and directions on how to complete the request, including what additional information or documentation will be required to complete the request, and how to submit such information.
    (b) Requirement to anticipate. A nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency shall implement reasonable procedures to anticipate, and respond to, the volume of consumers who will

579
§ 610.3                                                            16 CFR Ch. 1 (1–1–11 Edition)

contact the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency through the streamlined process to request, or attempt to request, file disclosures, including developing and implementing contingency plans to address circumstances that are reasonably likely to occur and that may materially and adversely impact the operation of the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency, a request method, or the streamlined process. 
  (1) The contingency plans required by this section shall include reasonable measures to minimize the impact of such circumstances on the operation of the streamlined process and on consumers contacting, or attempting to contact, the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency through the streamlined process. 
    (i) Such reasonable measures to minimize impact shall include, but are not necessarily limited to: 
      (A) To the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, providing information to consumers on how to use another available request method; 
      (B) To the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, communicating to a consumer who attempts but is unable to make a request, the fact that a condition exists that has reduced the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency from accepting all requests, and the period of time after which the agency is reasonably anticipated to be able to accept the consumer’s request for an annual file disclosure; and 
      (C) Taking all reasonable steps to restore the streamlined process to normal operating status as quickly as reasonably practicable under the circumstances.
    (ii) Measures to minimize impact also include, as appropriate, collecting request information but declining to accept the request for processing until a reasonable later time, provided that the consumer is clearly and prominently informed, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, of when the request will be accepted for processing.
  (2) A nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency shall not be deemed in violation of section 610.3(a)(2)(i) if 

the toll-free telephone number required by this part is unavailable to accept requests for a reasonable period of time for purposes of conducting maintenance on the request method, provided that the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency makes other request methods available to consumers during such time.
  (c) High request volume and extraordinary request volume—(1) High request volume. Provided that the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency has implemented reasonable procedures developed in accordance with paragraph (b) of this section, entitled “requirement to anticipate,” a nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency shall not be deemed in violation of paragraph (a)(2)(i) of this section for any period of time during which a streamlined process request method for the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency experiences high request volume, if the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency:
    (i) Collects all consumer request information and delays accepting the request for processing until a reasonable later time; and
    (ii) Clearly and prominently informs the consumer of when the request will be accepted for processing.
  (2) Extraordinary request volume. Provided that the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency has implemented reasonable procedures developed in accordance with paragraph (b) of this section, entitled “requirement to anticipate,” a nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency shall not be deemed in violation of paragraph (a)(2)(i) of this section for any period of time during which a streamlined process request method of the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency experiences extraordinary request volume, if:
    (i) Information use and disclosure. Any personally identifiable information collected from consumers as a result of a request for annual file disclosure, or any other disclosure required by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, made through the streamlined process, may be used or disclosed by the nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency only:
                                                                                                        580
Federal Trade Commission                   § 610.4

        (1) To provide the annual file disclo­
     sure or other disclosure required under
     the FCRA requested by the consumer;
        (2) To process a transaction re­
     quested by the consumer at the same
     time as a request for annual file disclo­
     sure or other disclosure;
        (3) To comply with applicable legal
     requirements, including those imposed
     by the Fair Credit Reporting Act and
     this part; and
        (4) To update personally identifiable
     information already maintained by the
     nationwide specialty consumer report­
     ing agency for the purpose of providing
     consumer reports, provided that the
     nationwide specialty consumer report­
     ing agency uses and discloses the up­
     dated personally identifiable informa­
     tion subject to the same restrictions
     that would apply, under any applicable
     provision of law or regulation, to the
     information updated or replaced.
        (e) Requirement to accept or redirect re­
     quests. If a consumer requests an an­
     nual file disclosure using a method
     other than the streamlined process es­
     tablished by the nationwide specialty
     consumer reporting agency in compli­
     ance with this part, a nationwide spe­
     cialty consumer reporting agency
     shall:
          (1) Accept the consumer's request; or
          (2) Instruct the consumer how to
     make the request using the stream­
     lined process required by this part.
        (f) Effective date. This section shall
     become effective on December 1, 2004.
     69 FR 35496, June 24, 2004, as amended at 75
     FR 9635, Mar. 3, 2010]

     § 610.4 Prevention of deceptive mar­
     keting of free credit reports.

        (a) For purposes of this section:
          (1) AnnualCreditReport.com and 877­
     322-8228 means the Uniform Resource
     Locator address
     "AnnualCreditReport.com" and toll-free
     telephone number, 877-322-8228. These
     are the locator address and toll-free
     telephone number currently used by
     the centralized source. If the locator
     address or toll-free telephone number
     changes in the future, the new address
     or telephone number shall be sub­
     stituted within a reasonable time.
          (2) Free credit report means a file dis­
     closure prepared by or obtained from,
     directly or indirectly, a nationwide
     consumer reporting agency (as defined
     in section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Re­
     porting Act), that is represented, ei­
     ther expressly or impliedly, to be avail­
     able to the consumer at no cost if the
     consumer purchases a product or serv­
     ice, or agrees to purchase a product or
     service subject to cancellation.
        (b) General requirements for disclosures.
     The disclosures covered by paragraph
     (b) of this section shall contain only
     the prescribed content and comply
     with the following requirements:
          (1) All disclosures shall be prominent;
          (ii) All disclosures shall be made in
     the same language as that principally
     used in the advertisement;
          (iii) Visual disclosures shall be easily
     readable; in a high degree of contrast
     from the immediate background on
     which it appears; in a format so that
     the disclosure is distinct from other
     text, such as type that is the same size
     as the type size, such as bold; and par­
     allel to the base of the advertisement
     or screen;
          (iv) Audio disclosures shall be deliv­ 
     ered in a slow and deliberate manner
     and in a reasonably understandable
     volume and pitch;
          (v) Program-length television, radio,
     or Internet-hosted multi-media adver­
     tisements' disclosures shall be made at
     the beginning, near the middle, and at
     the end of the advertisement; and
        (vi) Nothing contrary to, incon­
     sistent with, or that undermines the
     required disclosures shall be used in
     any advertisement in any medium, nor
     shall any audio, visual, or print tech­
     nique be used that is likely to detract
     significantly from the communication
     of any disclosure.
         (b) Medium-specific disclosures. All of­
     ferers of free credit reports shall promi­
     nently include the disclosures required
     by this section.
          (1) Television advertisements. (i) All ad­
     vertisements for free credit reports
     broadcast on television shall include
     the following disclosure in close prox­
     imity to the first mention of a free
     credit report: "This is not the free cred­
     it report provided for by Federal law."
       (ii) The disclosure shall appear at the
     same time in the audio and video por­
     tion of the advertisement. The visual dis­
     closure shall be at least four percent of  581
§ 610.4                                                                         16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)                                     

the vertical picture height and appear for a minimum of four seconds.
(2) Radio advertisements. All advertisements for free credit reports broadcast on radio shall include the following disclosure in close proximity to the first mention of a free credit report: ‘‘This is not the free credit report provided by federal law.’’
(3) Print advertisements. All advertisements for free credit reports in print shall include the following disclosure in the form specified below and in close proximity to the first mention of a free credit report. The first line of the disclosure shall be centered and contain only the following language: ‘‘THIS NOTICE IS REQUIRED BY LAW.’’ Immediately below the first line of the disclosure the following language shall appear: ‘‘You have the right to a free credit report from AnnualCreditReport.com or 877–322–8228, the ONLY authorized source under federal law.’’ Each letter of the disclosure text shall be, at minimum, one-half the size of the largest character used in the advertisement.
(4) Internet websites. Any website offering free credit reports must display the disclosure set forth in paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(ii), (iii), and (v) of this section on each page that mentions a free credit report, and on each page of the ordering process. This disclosure 
shall be visible across the top of each page where the disclosure is required to appear; shall appear inside a box; and shall appear in the form specified below:
(i) The first element of the disclosure shall be a header that is centered and shall consist of the following text: ‘‘THIS NOTICE IS REQUIRED BY LAW. Read more at FTC.GOV.’’ Each letter of the header shall be one-half the size of the largest character of the disclosure text required by 610.4(b)(4)(ii). The reference to FTC.GOV shall be an operational hyperlink to (www.ftc.gov/freereports), underlined, and in a color that is a high degree of contrast from the color of the other disclosure text and background color of the box;
(ii) The second element of the disclosure shall appear below the header required by paragraph 610.4(b)(4)(i) and shall consist of the following text: ‘‘You have the right to a free credit report from AnnualCreditReport.com or 877–322–8228, the ONLY authorized source under federal law.’’ The reference to AnnualCreditReport.com shall be an operational hyperlink to the centralized source, underlined, and in the same color as the hyperlink to FTC.GOV required in paragraph 610.4(b)(4)(i);
(iii) The color of the text required by paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(i) and (ii) shall be in a high degree of contrast with the background color of the box;
(iv) The background of the box shall be a solid color in a high degree of contrast from the background of the page and the color shall not appear elsewhere on the page;
(v) The third element of the disclosure shall appear below the text required by paragraph 610.4(b)(4)(ii) and shall be an operational hyperlink to AnnualCreditReport.com that appears as a centered button containing the following language: ‘‘Take me to the authorized source’’. The background of this button shall be the same color as the hyperlinks required by paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(i) and (ii) and the text shall be in a high degree of contrast with the background of the button;
(vi) Each character of the text in paragraphs 610.4(b)(4)(i) and (v) shall be, at minimum, the same size as the largest character on the page, including characters in an image or graphic banner;
(vii) Each character of the disclosure shall be displayed as plain text in a sans serif font, such as Arial; and
(viii) The space between each element of the disclosure required in paragraphs 610.4(b)(i), (ii), and (v) shall be, at minimum, the same as the largest character on the page, including characters in an image or graphic banner. The space between the boundaries of the box and the text or button required in paragraphs 610.4(b)(i), (ii), and (v) shall be, at minimum, of the same height or the vertical height of the largest character on the page, including characters in an image or graphic banner.
(5) Internet-hosted multi-media advertising. All advertisements for free credit reports disseminated through Internet-hosted multi-media in both audio and visual formats shall include the
                                                                                                   582
Federal Trade Commission

PART 611—PROHIBITION AGAINST CIRCUMVENTING TREATMENT AS A NATIONWIDE CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCY

Sec.

611.1 Rule of construction

611.2 General prohibition.

611.3 Limitation on applicability.

AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec. 211(b); 15 U.S.C. 1681x.

SOURCE: 69 FR 29063, May 20, 2004, unless otherwise noted.

§ 611.1 Rule of construction

The examples in this part are illustrative and not exclusive. Compliance with an example, to the extent applicable, constitutes compliance with this part.

§ 611.2 General prohibition.

(a) A consumer reporting agency shall not circumvent or evade treatment as a ‘‘consumer reporting agency’’ that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis as defined under section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(p), by any means, including but not limited to:

(1) Corporate organization, reorganization, structure, or restructuring, including merger, acquisition, dissolution, divestiture, or asset sale of a consumer reporting agency; or

(2) Maintaining or merging public record and credit account information in a manner that is substantially equivalent to that described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 603(p) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681a(p).

(b) Examples

(1) Circumvention through reorganization by data type. XYZ Inc. is a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. It restructures its operations so that public record information is assembled and maintained only in its corporate affiliate, ABC Inc. XYZ continues operating as a consumer reporting agency but ceases to comply with the FCRA obligations of a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, asserting that it
§ 611.3                                                                            16 CFR Ch I (1-1-11 Edition)
no longer meets the definition found in FCRA section 603 (p), because it no longer maintains public record information. XYZ’s conduct is a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, and thus violates this section.
        (2) Circumvention through reorganization by regional operations. PDQ Inc. is a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. It reorganizes its operations so that corporate affiliates separately assemble and maintain all information on consumers residing in each state. PDQ continues to operate as a consumer reporting agency but ceases to comply with the FCRA obligations of a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, asserting that it no longer meets the definition found in FCRA section 603(p), because it no longer operates on a nationwide basis. PDQ’s conduct is a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, and thus violates this section.
        (3) Circumvention by a newly formed entity. Smith Co. is a new entrant in the marketplace for consumer reports that bear on a consumer’s credit worthiness, standing and capacity. Smith Co. organizes itself into two affiliated companies: Smith Credit Co. and Smith Public Records Co. Smith Credit Co. assembles and maintains credit account information from persons who furnish that information regularly and in the ordinary course of business on consumers residing nationwide. Smith Public Records Co. assembles and maintains public record information on consumers nationwide. Neither Smith Co. nor its affiliated organizations comply with FCRA obligations of consumer reporting agencies that compile and maintain files on consumers on a nationwide basis. Smith Co.’s conduct is a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis, and thus violates this section.
        (4) Bona fide, arms-length transaction with unaffiliated party. Foster Ltd. is a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. Foster Ltd. sells its public record information business to an unaffiliated company in a bona fide, arms-length transaction. Foster Ltd. ceases to assemble, evaluate and maintain public record information on consumers residing nationwide, and ceases to offer reports containing public record information. Foster Ltd.’s conduct is not a circumvention or evasion of treatment as a consumer reporting agency that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. Foster Ltd.’s conduct does not violate this part.

§ 611.3 Limitation on applicability.
     Any person who is otherwise in violation of § 611.2 shall be deemed in compliance with this part if such person is in compliance with all conditions imposed upon consumer reporting agencies that compile and maintain files on consumers on a nationwide basis under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.
PART 613—DURATION OF ACTIVE DUTY ALERTS
Sec.
    613.1 Duration of active duty alerts.
AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec.112(a); 15 U.S.C. 1681c-1.
§ 613.1 Duration of active duty alerts.
    The duration of an active duty alert shall be twelve months.
[69 FR 63933, Nov. 3, 2004]
PART 614—APPROPRIATE PROOF OF IDENTITY
Sec.
    614.1 Appropriate proof of identity.
AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec.112(b).
§ 614.1 Appropriate proof of identity.
    (a) Consumer reporting agencies shall develop and implement reasonable requirements for what information consumers shall provide to constitute
                                                                                                                                        584
Federal Trade Commission

proof of identity for purposes of sec­ tions 605A, 605B, and 609(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. In devel­oping these requirements, the con­ sumer reporting agencies must:
(1) Ensure that the information is sufficient to enable the consumer re­porting agency to match consumers with their files; and
(2) Adjust the information to be com­mensurate with an identifiable risk of harm arising from misidentifying the consumer.
(b) Examples of information that might constitute reasonable informa­tion requirements for proof of identity are provided for illustrative purposes only, as follows:
(1) Consumer file match: The identi­fication information of the consumer including his or her full name (first, middle initial, last, suffix), any other or previously used names, current and/ or recent full address (street number and name, apt. no., city, state, and zip code), full 9 digits of Social Security number, and/or date of birth.
(2) Additional proof of identity: cop­ies of government issued identifica­tion documents, utility bills, and/ or other methods of authentication of a person's identity which the con­sumer must be notified to, answering questions to which only the consumer might be expected to know the answer.

[69 FR 63934, Nov. 3, 2004]

PART 640—DUTIES OF CREDITORS REGARDING RISK-BASED PRICING

Sec.
640.1 Scope.
640.2 Definitions.
640.3 General requirements for risk-based pricing notices.
640.4 Content, form, and timing of risk­-based pricing notices.
640.5 Exceptions.
640.6 Rules of construction.
AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec. 311; 15 U.S.C. 1681m(h).
SOURCE: 75 FR 2769, Jan. 15, 2010, unless otherwise noted.

§ 640.1 Scope.

(a) Coverage—(1) In general. This part applies to any person that both—
(i) Uses a consumer report in connec­tion with an application for, or a grant,
extension, or other provision of, credit to a consumer that is primarily for per­sonal, family, or household purposes; and
(ii) Based in whole or in part on the consumer report, grants, extends, or otherwise provides credit to the con­sumer on material terms that are ma­terially less favorable than the most favorable material terms available to a substantial proportion of consumers from or through that person.
(2) Business credit excluded. This part does not apply to an application for, or a grant, extension, or other provision of, credit to a consumer or to any other applicant primarily for a business pur­pose.
(b) Relation to Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System rules. The rules in this part were developed joint­ly with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) and are substantively identical to the Board's risk-based pricing rules in 12 CFR part 222. Both parties apply to any covered person described in paragraph (a) of this section. Compliance with ei­ther the Board's rules or the Commis­sion's rules satisfies the requirements of the statutes (15 U.S.C. 1681m(h)).
(c) Enforcement. The provisions of this part will be enforced in accordance with the enforcement authorities set forth in sections 621(a) and (b) of the FCRA.

§ 640.2 Definitions.

For purposes of this part, the fol­lowing definitions apply:
(a) Adverse action has the same mean­ings as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(k)(1)(A).
(b) Annual percentage rate has the same meaning as in 12 CFR 226.14(b) with respect to an open end credit plan and as in 12 CFR 226.22 with respect to closed-end credit.
(c) Closed-end credit has the same meaning as in 12 CFR 226.2(a)(10).
(d) Consumer has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C.1681a(c).
(e) Consumation has the same mean­ing as in 12 CFR 226.2(a)(13).
(f) Consumer report has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(d).
(g) Consumer reporting agency has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(f).
(h) Credit has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(5).

585
§ 640.3

(i) Creditor has the same meaning as 
in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(5). 
(j) Credit card has the same meaning 
as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(2). 
(k) Credit card issuer has the same 
meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(1)(A). 
(l) Credit score has the same meaning
as in 15 U.S.C. 1681g(f)(2)(A). 
(m) Firm offer of credit has the same 
meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(l). 
(n) Material terms means—
(1) Except as otherwise provided in 
paragraphs (n)(1)(ii) and (n)(3) of this
section, in the case of credit extended 
under an open-end credit plan, the an-
nual percentage rate required to be dis- 
closed under 12 CFR 226.6(a)(1)(ii) or 12 
CFR 226.6(b)(2)(i), excluding any tem- 
porary initial rate that is lower than 
the rate that will apply after the tem- 
porary rate expires, any penalty rate 
that will apply upon the occurrence of 
one or more specific events, such as a
late payment or an extension of credit 
that exceeds the credit limit, and any 
fixed annual percentage rate option for
a home equity line of credit;
(i) In the case of a credit card (other 
than a credit card that is used to ac- 
cess a home equity line of credit or a 
charge card), the annual percentage 
rate required to be disclosed under 12 
CFR 226.6(b)(2)(i) that applies to pur-
chases (‘‘purchase annual percentage 
rate’’) and no other annual percentage 
rate, or in the case of a credit card that 
has no purchase annual percentage 
rate, the annual percentage rate that 
varies based on information in a con-
sumer report and that has the most 
significant financial impact on con-
sumers;
(2) In the case of closed-end credit, 
the annual percentage rate required to 
be disclosed under 12 CFR 226.17(c) and 
226.18(e); and
(3) In the case of credit for which 
there is no annual percentage rate, the 
financial term that varies based on in-
formation in a consumer report and 
that has the most significant financial 
impact on consumers, such as a deposit 
required in connection with credit ex- 
tended by a telephone company or util-
ity or an annual membership fee for a 
charge card. 
(o) Materially less favorable means, 
when applied to material terms, that 
the terms granted, extended, or other- 
wise provided to a consumer differ 
from the terms granted, extended, or 
otherwise provided to another con-
sumer from or through the same person
such that the cost of credit to the first 
consumer would be significantly great-
er than the cost of credit granted, ex- 
tended, or otherwise provided to the 
other consumer. For purposes of this 
definition, factors relevant to deter-
mining the significance of a difference 
in cost include the type of credit prod-
uct, the term of the credit extension, if 
any, and the extent of the difference 
between the material terms granted, 
extended, or otherwise provided to the 
two consumers. 
(p) Open-end credit plan has the same 
meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1602(i), as inter- 
preted by the Board in Regulation Z 
and the Official Staff Commentary to 
Regulation Z. 
(q) Person has the same meaning as in 
15 U.S.C. 1681a(b). 
§ 640.3 General requirements for risk-
based pricing notices. 
(a) In general. Except as otherwise 
provided in this part, a person must 
provide to a consumer a notice (‘‘Risk-
based pricing notice’’) in the form and 
manner required by this part if the per-
son both—
(1) Uses a consumer report in connec-
tion with an application for, or a grant, 
extension, or other provision of, credit 
to that consumer that is primarily for 
personal, family, or household pur- 
poses; and 
(2) Based in whole or in part on the 
consumer report, grants, extends, or 
otherwise provides credit to that con-
sumer on material terms that are mate-
rially less favorable than the most 
favorable material terms available to a 
substantial proportion of consumers 
from or through that person. 
(b) Determining which consumers must
receive a notice. A person may deter-
mine whether paragraph (a) of this sec-
tion applies by directly comparing the 
material terms offered to each con-
sumer and the material terms offered 
to other consumers for a specific type 
of credit product. For purposes of this 
section, a ‘‘specific type of credit prod-
uct’’ means one or more credit products 
with similar features that are designed 
for similar purposes. Examples of a 

586
Federal Trade Commission                            § 640.3

specific type of credit product include
student loans, unsecured credit cards,
secured credit cards, new automobile
loans, used automobile loans, fixedrate mortgage loans, and variable-rate
mortgage loans. As an alternative to
making this direct comparison, a person may make the determination by
using one of the following methods:
    (1) Credit score proxy method—(i) In
general. A person that sets the material
terms of credit granted, extended, or
otherwise provided to a consumer,
based in whole or in part on a credit
score, may comply with the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section
by—
    (A) Determining the credit score
(hereafter referred to as the ‘‘cutoff
score’’) that represents the point at
which approximately 40 percent of the
consumers to whom it grants, extends,
or provides credit have higher credit
scores and approximately 60 percent of
the consumers to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit have lower
credit scores; and
    (B) Providing a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it
grants, extends, or provides credit
whose credit score is lower than the
cutoff score.
    (ii) Alternative to the 40/60 cutoff score
approach. In the case of credit that
has been granted, extended, or provided
on the most favorable material terms
more than 40 percent of consumers,
a person may, at its option, set its cutoff score at a point at which the approximate percentage of consumers
who historically have been granted, extended, or provided credit at material
terms other than the most favorable
terms would receive risk-based pricing
notices under this section.
    (iii) Determining the cutoff score—(A)
Sampling approach. A person that currently uses risk-based pricing with respect to the credit products it offers
must calculate the cutoff score by considering the credit scores of all or a
representative sample of the consumers to whom it has granted, extended, or provided credit for a specific
type of credit product.
    (B) Secondary source approach in limited
circumstances. A person that is a
new entrant into the credit business,
introduces new credit products, or
starts to use risk-based pricing with respect to the credit products it currently offers may initially determine
the cutoff score based on information
derived from appropriate market research or relevant third-party sources
for a specific type of credit product,
such as research or data from companies that develop credit scores. A person that acquires a credit portfolio as a
result of a merger or acquisition may
determine the cutoff score based on information from the party which it acquired, with which it merged, or from
which it acquired the portfolio.
    (C) Recalculation of cutoff scores. A
person using the credit score proxy
method must recalculate its cutoff
score(s) no less than every two years in
the manner described in paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(A) of this section. A person
using the credit score proxy method
may use market research, third-party
data, or information from a party
with which it acquired, with which it
merged, or from which it acquired the
portfolio as permitted by paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(B) of this section generally
must calculate its cutoff score[s] based
on the scores of its own consumers in
the manner described in paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(A) of this section within one
year after it begins using a cutoff score
derived from market research, thirdparty data, or information from a
party which it acquired, with which it
merged, or from which it acquired the
portfolio. If such a person does not
grant, extend, or provide credit to new
consumers during that one-year period
such that it lacks sufficient data with
which to recalculate a cutoff score
based on the credit scores of its own
consumers, the person may continue to
use a cutoff score derived from market
research, third-party data, or information from a party with it acquired,
with which it merged, or from which it
acquired the portfolio as provided in
paragraph (b)(1)(iii)(B) until it obtains
sufficient data on which to base the recalculation. However, the person must
recalculate its cutoff score[s] in the
manner described in paragraph
(b)(1)(iii)(A) of this section within two
years, if it has granted, extended, or
provided credit to some new consumers
during that two-year period.

587
§ 640.3                                                 16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

    (D) Use of two or more credit scores. A person that generally uses two or more credit scores in setting the material terms of credit granted, extended, or provided to a consumer must determine the cutoff score using the same method the person uses to evaluate multiple scores when making credit decisions. These evaluation methods may include, but are not limited to, selecting the low, median, high, most recent, or average credit score of each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit. If a person that uses two or more credit scores does not consistently use the same method for evaluating multiple credit scores (e.g., if the person sometimes chooses the median score and other times calculates the average score), the person must determine the cutoff score using a reasonable means. In such cases, use of any one of the methods that the person regularly uses or the average credit score of each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit is deemed to be a reasonable means of calculating the cutoff score.

    (iv) Credit score not available. For purposes of this section, a person using the credit score proxy method who grants, extends, or provides credit to a consumer for whom a credit score is not available must ensure that the consumer receives credit on material terms that are materially less favorable than the most favorable credit terms offered to a substantial proportion of consumers from or through that person and must provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer.

    (v) Examples. (A) A credit card issuer engages in risk-based pricing and the annual percentage rates it offers to consumers are based in whole or in part on a credit score. The credit card issuer takes a representative sample of the credit scores of consumers to whom it issued credit cards within the preceding six months. The credit card issuer determines that approximately 40 percent of the sampled consumers have a credit score at or above 720 (on a scale of 350 to 850) and approximately 60 percent of the sampled consumers have a credit score below 720. Thus, the card issuer uses 720 as its cutoff score. A consumer applies to the credit card issuer for a credit card. The card 

issuer obtains a credit score for the consumer. The consumer's credit score is 700. Since the consumer's 700 credit score falls below the 720 cutoff score, the credit card issuer must provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer.

    (B) A credit card issuer engages in risk-based pricing, and the annual percentage rates it offers to consumers are based in whole or in part on a credit score. The credit card issuer takes a representative sample of the consumers to whom it issued credit cards over the preceding six months. The credit card issuer determines that approximately 80 percent of the sampled consumers received credit at its lowest annual percentage rate, and 20 percent received credit at a higher annual percentage rate. Approximately 80 percent of the sampled consumers have a credit score at or above 750 (on a scale of 350 to 850), and 20 percent have a credit score below 750. Thus, the card issuer selects 750 as its cutoff score. A consumer applies to the credit card issuer for a credit card. The card issuer obtains a credit score for the consumer. The consumer's credit score is 740. Since the consumer's 740 credit score falls below the 750 cutoff score, the credit card issuer must provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer.

    (C) An auto lender engages in risk-based pricing, obtains credit scores from one of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies, and uses the credit score proxy method to determine which consumers must receive a risk-based pricing notice. A consumer applies to the auto lender for credit to finance the purchase of an automobile. A credit score about that consumer is not available from the consumer reporting agency from which the lender obtains credit scores. The lender nevertheless grants, extends, or provides credit to the consumer. The lender must provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer.

    (2) Tiered pricing method—(i) In general. A person that sets the material terms of credit granted, extended, or provided to a consumer by placing the consumer within one of a discrete number of pricing tiers for a specific type of credit product, based in whole or in part on a consumer report, may comply with the requirements of paragraph (a) 

588
Federal Trade Commission                                                    § 640.3

of this section by providing a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer who is not placed within the top pricing tier or tiers, as described below.
       (ii) Four or fewer pricing tiers. If a person using the tiered pricing method has four or fewer pricing tiers, the person complies with the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section by providing a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit who does not qualify for the top tier (that is, the lowest-priced tier). For example, if a person that uses a tiered pricing structure with annual percentage rates of 8, 10, 12, and 14 percent would provide the risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit at annual percentage rates of 10, 12, and 14 percent.
       (iii) Five or more pricing tiers. If a per- son that uses the tiered pricing method has five or more pricing tiers, the person complies with the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section by pro- viding a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit who does not qualify for the top two tiers (that is, the two lowest-priced tiers) and at least one other tier that, together with the top two tiers, comprise no less than the top 30 percent but no more than the top 40 percent of the total number of tiers. Each consumer placed within the re- maining tiers must receive a risk-based pricing notice. For example, if a person has nine pricing tiers, the top three tiers (that is, the three lowest-priced tiers) comprise no less than the top 30 percent but no more than the top 40 per- cent of the tiers. Therefore, a person using this method would provide a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer to whom it grants, extends, or provides credit who is placed within the bottom six tiers.
   (c) Application to credit card issuers—
        (1) In general. A credit card issuer subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section may use one of the methods set forth in paragraph (b) of this section to identify consumers to whom it must provide a risk-based pricing notice. Alternatively, a credit card issuer may satisfy its obligations under paragraph (a) of this section by providing a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer when—
             (i) A consumer applies for a credit card either in connection with an ap- plication program, such as a direct- mail offer or a take-one application, or in response to a solicitation under 12 CFR 226.5a, and more than a single possible purchase annual percentage rate may apply under the program or soli- citation; and 
             (ii) Based in whole or in part on a consumer report, the credit card issuer provides a credit card to the consumer with an annual percentage rate ref- erenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) that is greater than the lowest annual percentage rate referenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) avail- able in connection with the application or solicitation.
        (2) No requirement to compare different offers. A credit card issuer is not subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section and is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer if—
             (i) The consumer applies for a credit card for which the card issuer provides a single annual percentage rate ref- erenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii), excluding a temporary initial rate, that is lower than the rate that will apply after the temporary rate expires and the only rate that will apply upon the occurrence of one or more specific events, such as a late payment or an extension of credit that exceeds the credit limit; or 
             (ii) The credit card issuer offers the consumer the lowest annual percentage rate referenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) avail- able under the credit card offer for which the consumer applied, even if a lower annual percentage rate ref- erenced in §640.2(n)(1)(ii) is available under a different credit card offer issued by the card issuer.
        (3) Examples. (i) A credit card issuer sends a solicitation to the consumer that discloses several possible purchase annual percentage rates that may apply, such as 10, 12, or 14 percent, or a range of purchase annual percentage rates from 10 to 14 percent. The con- sumer applies for the credit card in re- sponse to the solicitation. The card issuer provides a credit card to the con- sumer with a purchase annual percent- age rate of 12 percent based in whole or

                                                                                                589
§ 640.4

in part on a consumer report. Unless an exception applies under $640.5, the card issuer may satisfy its obligations under paragraph (a) of this section by pro- viding a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer because the consumer re- ceived credit at a purchase annual per- centage rate greater than the lowest purchase annual percentage rate avail- able under that solicitation.

(ii) The same facts as in the example in paragraph (c)(3)(i) of this section, except that the card issuer provides a credit card to the consumer at a pur- chase annual percentage rate of 10 per- cent. The card issuer is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer even if, under a different credit card solicitation, that consumer or other consumers might qualify for a purchase annual percentage rate of 8 percent.

(d) Account review—(1) In general. Except as otherwise provided in this part, a person is subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section and must provide a risk-based pricing no- tice to a consumer in the form and manner required by this part if the per- son—

(i) Uses a consumer report in connec- tion with a review of credit that has been extended to the consumer; and

(ii) Based in whole or in part on the consumer report, increases the annual percentage rate (the annual percentage rate referenced in §640.2(n)(1)(i)) in the case of a credit card).

(2) Example. A credit card issuer peri- odically obtains consumer reports for the purpose of reviewing the terms of of credit it has extended to consumers in connection with credit cards. As a re- sult of this review, the credit card issuer increases the purchase annual percentage rate applicable to a con- sumers credit card based in whole or in part on information in a consumer report. The credit card issuer is subject to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section and must provide a risk- based pricing notice to the consumer.

$640.4  Content, form, and timing of risk-based pricing notices

(a) Content of the notice—(1) In gen- eral. The risk-based pricing notice re- quired by §640.3(a) or (c) must include:

(i) A statement that a consumer re- port (or credit report) includes infor- mation about the consumer's credit history and the type of information in- cluded in that history;

(ii) A statement that the terms of- fered, such as the annual percentage rate, have been set based on informa- tion from a consumer report;

(iii) A statement that the terms of- fered may be less favorable than the terms offered to consumers with better credit histories;

(iv) A statement that the consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the con- sumer report and has the right to dis- pute any inaccurate information in the report;

(v) The identity of the consumer re- porting agency that furnished a con- sumer report used in the credit deci- sion;

(vi) A statement that federal law gives the consumer the right to obtain a copy of a consumer report from the consumer reporting agency or agencies identified in the notice without charge for 60 days after receipt of the notice;

(vii) A statement informing the con- sumer how to obtain a consumer report from the consumer reporting agency or agencies identified in the notice and provide contact information (includ- ing a toll-free telephone number, where applicable) specified by the consumer reporting agency or agencies; and

(viii) A statement directing con- sumers to the Web sites of the Board and Federal Trade Commission to ob- tain more information about consumer reports.

(2) Account review. The risk-based pricing notice required by §640.3(d) must include:

(i) A statement that a consumer re- port (or credit report) includes infor- mation about the consumer's credit history and the type of information in- cluded in that credit history;

(ii) A statement that the person has conducted a review of the account using information from a consumer re- port;

(iii) A statement that as a result of the review, the annual percentage rate on the account has been increased based on information from a consumer report; 590
Federal Trade Commission

§ 640.4

(iv) A statement that the consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the consumer report and has the right to dispute any inaccurate information in the repot;
(v) The identity of each consumer reporting agency that furnished a consumer report used in the account review;
(vi) A statement that federal law gives the consumer the right to obtain a copy of a consumer report from the consumer reporting agency or agencies identified in the notice without charge for 60 days after receipt of the notice;
(vii) A statement informing the consumer how to obtain a consumer report from the consumer reporting agency or agencies identified in the notice and providing contact information (including a toll-free telephone number, where applicable) specified by the consumer reporting agency or agencies; and
(viii) A statement directing consumers to the Web sites of the Federal Reserve Board and Federal Trade Commission to obtain more information about consumer reports.
(b) Form of the notice—(1) In general. The risk-based pricing notice required by § 640.3(a), (c), or (d) must be:
(i) Clear and conspicuous; and
(ii) Provided to the consumer in oral, written, or electronic form.
(2) Model forms. A model form of the risk-based pricing notice is required by § 640.3(a) and (c) is contained in Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Forms B-1 is deemed to comply with the content and form requirements of paragraphs (a)(1) and (b) of this section. A model form of the risk-based pricing notice required by § 640.3(d) is also contained in Appendix B of that part. Appropriate use of Model Form B-2 is deemed to comply with the content and form requirements of paragraphs (a)(2) and (b) of this section. Use of the model forms is optional.
(c) Timing—(1) General. Except as provided in paragraph (c)(3) of this section, a risk-based pricing notice must be provided to the consumer—
(i) In the case of a grant, extension, or other provision of credit to the consumer, before consummation of the transaction, but not earlier than the time the decision to approve an application for, or a grant, extension, or other provision of, credit, is communicated to the consumer by the person required to provide the notice; or
(ii) In the case of credit granted, extended, or provided under an open-end credit plan, before the first transaction is made under the plan, but not earlier than the time the decision to approve an application for, or a grant, extension, or other provision of, credit is communicated to the consumer by the person required to provide the notice; or
(iii) In the case of review of credit that has been extended to the consumer, at the time the decision to increase the annual percentage rate (annual percentage rate referenced in § 640.2(n)(1)(ii) in the case of a credit card) based on a consumer report is communicated to the consumer by the person required to provide the notice, or if no notice of the increase in the annual percentage rate is provided to the consumer prior to the effective date of the change in the annual percentage rate (to the extent permitted by the law), no later than five days after the effective date of the change in the annual percentage rate.
(2) Application to certain automobile lending transactions. When a person to whom a credit obligation is initially payable grants, extends, or provides credit to consumer for the purpose of financing the purchase of an automobile from an auto dealer or other party that is not affiliated with the person, any requirement to provide a risk-based pricing notice pursuant to this part is satisfied if the person:
(i) Provides a notice described in § 640.3(a), 640.5(c), or 640.5(d) to the consumer within the time periods set forth in paragraph (c)(1)(i) of this section, § 640.5(c)(3), or §640.5(d)(4), as applicable; or
(ii) Arranges to have the auto dealer or other party provide a notice described in §640.3(a), 640.5(c), or 640.5(d) to the consumer on its behalf within the time periods set forth in paragraph (c)(1)(i) of this section, §640.5(c)(3), or §640.5(d)(4), as applicable, and maintains reasonable policies and procedures to verify that the auto dealer or other party provides such notice to the 591
§ 640.5  

consumer within the applicable time periods. If the person arranges to have the auto dealer or other party provide a notice described in §640.5(e), the person’s obligation is satisfied if the consumer receives a notice containing a credit score obtained by the dealer or other party, even if a different credit score is obtained and used by the person on whose behalf the notice is provided.
  
(3) Timing requirements for contemporaneous purchase credit. When credit under an open-end credit plan is granted, extended, or provided to a consumer in person or by telephone for the purpose of financing the contemporaneous purchase of goods or services, any risk-based pricing notice required to be provided pursuant to this part (or the disclosures permitted under §640.6(e) or (f)) may be provided at the earlier of:  
  
(i) The time of the first mailing by the person to the consumer after the decision is made to approve the grant, extension, or other provision of openend credit, such as in a mailing containing the account agreement or a credit card; or  
  
(ii) Within 30 days after the decision to approve the grant, extension, or other provision of credit.
  
§ 640.5 Exceptions.
  
(a) Application of specific terms—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if the consumer applies for specific material terms and is granted those terms, unless those terms were specified by the person using a consumer report after the consumer applied for or requested credit and after the person obtained the consumer report. For purposes of his section, “specific material terms” means a single material term, or set of material terms, such as an annual percentage rate of 10 percent, and not a range of alternatives, such as an annual percentage rate that may be 8, 10, or 12 percent, or between 8 and 12 percent.
  
(2) Example. A consumer receives a firm offer of credit from a credit issuer. The terms of the firm offer are based in whole or in part on information from a consumer report that the credit card issuer obtained under the FCRA’s firm offer of credit provisions. The solicitation offers the consumer a credit card with a single purchase annual percentage rate of 12 percent. The consumer applies for and receives a credit card with an annual percentage rate of 12 percent. Other customers with the same credit card have a purchase annual percentage rate of 10 percent. The exception applies because the consumer applied for specific material terms and was granted those terms. Although the credit card issuer specified the annual percentage rate in the firm offer of credit based in whole or in part on a consumer report, the credit card issuer specified that material term before, not after, the consumer applied for or requested credit.
  
(b) Adverse action notice. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice the consumer under §640.3(a), (c), or (d) if the person provides an adverse action notice to the consumer under section 615(a) of the FCRA.
  
(c) Prescreened solicitations—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if the person:  
  
(i) Obtains a consumer report that is a prescreened list as described in section 604(c)(2) of the FCRA; and  
  
(ii) Uses the consumer report for the purpose of making a firm offer of credit to the consumer.  
  
(2) More favorable material terms. This exception applies to any firm offer of credit offered by a person to a consumer, even if the person makes other firm offers of credit to other consumers on more favorable material terms.
  
(3) Example. A credit card issuer obtains two prescreened lists from a consumer reporting agency. One list includes consumers with high credit scores. The other list includes consumers with lower credit scores. The issuer mails a firm offer of credit to the high credit score consumers with a single purchase annual percentage rate of 10 percent. The issuer also mails a firm offer of credit to the low credit score consumers with a single purchase annual percentage rate of 14 percent. The credit card issuer is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the low credit score consumers who

592
Federal Trade Commission

                                                                                                                           § 640.5


receive the 14 percent offer because use 
of a consumer report to make a firm 
offer of credit does not trigger the risk-based pricing notice requirement.
     (d) Loans secured by residential real 
property—credit score disclosure—(1) In 
general. A person is not required to pro­vide a risk-based pricing notice to a 
consumer under §640.3(a) or (b) if:
     (i) The consumer requests from the 
person an extension of credit that is or 
will be secured by one to four units of 
residential real property; and
     (ii) The person provides to each con­sumer described in paragraph (d)(1)(i) 
of this section a notice that contains 
the following—
     (A) A statement that a consumer re­port (or credit report) is a record of the 
consumer’s credit history and includes 
information about whether the con­sumer pays his or her obligations on 
time and how much the consumer owes 
to creditors;
     (B) A statement that a credit score is 
a number that takes into account in­formation in a consumer report and 
that a credit score can change over 
time to reflect changes in the con­sumer’s credit history;
     (C) A statement that the consumer’s 
credit score can affect whether the con­sumer can obtain credit and what the 
cost of that credit will be;
     (D) The information required to be 
disclosed to the consumer pursuant to 
section 609(g)(1) of the FCRA;
     (E) The distribution of credit scores 
among consumers who are scored under 
 
the same scoring model that is used to 
generate the consumer’s credit score 
using the same scale as that of the 
credit score that is provided to the con­sumer, presented in the form of a bar 
graph containing a minimum of six 
bars that illustrates the percentage of 
consumers with credit scores within 
the range of scores reflected in each 
bar or by other clear and readily under­standable graphical means, or clear 
and readily understandable statement 
informing the consumer how his or her 
credit score compares to the scores of 
other consumers. Use of a graph or 
statement obtained from the person 
providing the credit score that meets 
the requirement of this paragraph 
(d)(1)(ii)(E) is deemed to comply with 
this requirement;
     (F) A statement that the consumer is 
encouraged to verify the accuracy of 
the information contained in the con­sumer report and has the right to dis­pute any inaccurate information in the 
report;
     (G) A statement that federal law 
gives the consumer the right to obtain 
copies of his or her consumer reports 
directly from the consumer reporting 
agenices, including a free report from 
each of the nationwide consumer re­porting agencies once during any 12-month period;
     (H) Contact information for the cen­tralized source from which consumers 
may obtain their free annual consumer 
reports; and
     (I) A statement directing consumers 
to the web sties of the Board and Fed­eral Trade Commission to obtain more 
information about consumer reports.
     (2) Form of the notice. The notice de­scribed in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this 
section must be:
     (i) Clear and conspicuous;
     (ii) Provided on or with the notice re­quired by section 609(g) of the FCRA;
     (iii) Segregated from other informa­tion provided to the consumer, except 
the notice required by section 609(g) 
of the FCRA; and
     (iv) Provided to the consumer in 
writing and in a form that the con­sumer may keep.
     (3) Timing. The notice described in 
paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section must 
be provided to the consumer at the time the disclosure required by section 
609(g) of the FCRA is provided to the 
consumer, but in any event at or before 
consummation in the case of closed-end credit or before the first trans­action is made under an open-end credit plan.
     (4) Multiple credit scores—(i) In gen­eral. When a person obtains two or 
more credit scores from consumer re­porting agencies and uses one of those 
credit scores in setting the material 
terms of credit granted, extended, or 
otherwise provided to a consumer, for 
example, by using the low, middle, 
high or most recent score, the notice 
described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this 
section must include that credit score 
and the other information required by 
that paragraph. When a person obtains
 
                                                                                                                                   593
§ 640.5                                                 16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

two or more credit scores from consumer reporting agencies and uses multiple credit scores in setting the material terms of credit granted, extended, or otherwise provided to a consumer, for example, by computing the average of all the credit scores obtained, the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section must include one of those credit scores and the other information required by that paragraph. The notice may, at the person’s option, include more than one credit score, along with the additional information specified in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section for each credit score disclosed.
(ii) Examples. (A) A person that uses consumer reports to set the material terms of mortgage credit granted, extended, or provided to consumers regularly requests credit scores from several consumer reporting agencies and uses the low score when determining the material terms it will offer to the consumer. That person must disclose the low score in the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section.
(B) A person that uses consumer reports to set the material terms of mortgage credit granted, extended, or provided to consumers regularly requests credit scores from several consumer reporting agencies, each of which it uses in an underwriting program in order to determine the material terms it will offer to the consumer. That person may choose one of these scores to include in the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of this section consolidated with the notice required by section 609(g) of the FCRA is contained in 16 CFR Part 698, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B–3 is deemed to comply with the requirements of §640.5(d). Use of the model form is optional.
(e) Other extensions of credit—credit score disclosure—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if:
(i) The consumer requests from the person an extension of credit other than credit that is or will be secured by one to four units of residential real property; and
(ii) The person provides to each consumer described in paragraph (e)(1)(i) of this section a notice that contains the following—
(A) A statement that a consumer report (or credit report) is a record of the consumer’s credit history and includes information about whether the consumer pays his or her obligations on time and how much the consumer owes to creditors;
(B) A statement that a credit score is a number that takes into account information in a consumer report and that a credit score can change over time to reflect changes in the consumer’s credit history;
(C) A statement that the consumer’s credit score can affect whether the consumer can obtain credit and what the cost of that credit will be;
(D) The current credit score of the consumer or the most recent credit score of the consumer that was previously calculated by the consumer reporting agency or by a person that provided the credit score;
(E) The range of possible credit scores under the model used to generate the credit score;
(F) The distribution of credit scores among consumers who are scored under the same scoring model that is used to generate the consumer’s credit score using the same scale as that of the credit score that is provided to the consumer, presented in the form of a bar graph containing a minimum of six bars that illustrates the percentage of consumers with credit scores within the range of scores reflected in each bar, or by other clear and readily understandable graphical means, or a clear and readily understandable statement informing the consumer how his or her credit score compares to the scores of other consumers. Use of a graph or statement obtained from the person providing the credit score that meets the requirements of this paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F) is deemed to comply with this requirement;
(G) The date on which the credit score was created;
(H) The name of the consumer reporting agency or other person that provided the credit score;
(I) A statement that the consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of

                                                                                                                                    594
Federal Trade Commission

the information contained in the consumer report and has the right to dispute any inaccurate information in the report;
(J) A statement that federal law gives the consumer the right to obtain copies of his or her consumer reports directly from the consumer reporting agencies, including a free report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once during any 12-month period;
(K) Contact information for the centralized source from which consumers may obtain their free annual consumer reports; and
(L) A statement directing consumers to the web sites of the Federal Reserve Board and Federal Trade Commission to obtain more information about consumer reports.
(ii) Examples. The manner in which multiple credit scores are to be disclosed under this section are substantially identical to the manner set forth in the examples contained in paragraph (d)(4)(ii) of this section.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section is contained in 16 CFR Part B, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B-4 is deemed to comply with the requirements of § 640.5(e). Use of the model form is optional.
(f) Credit score not available—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if the person:
(i) Regularly obtains credit scores from a consumer reporting agency and provides credit score disclosures to consumers in accordance with paragraphs (d) or (e) of this section, but a credit score is not available from the consumer reporting agency from which the person regularly obtains credit scores for a consumer to whom the person grants, extends, or provides credit;
(ii) Does not obtain a credit score from another consumer reporting agency in connection with granting, extending, or providing credit to the consumer; and
(iii) Provides to the consumer a notice that contains the following—
(A) A statement that a consumer reagent (or credit report) includes information about the consumer’s credit history and the type of information included in that history;
(B) A statement that a credit score is a number that takes into account information in a consumer report and that a credit score can change over time in response to changes in the consumer’s credit history;
(C) A statement that credit scores are important because consumers with higher credit scores generally obtain more favorable credit terms;
§640.5
notice described in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section must include one of those credit scores and the other information required by that paragraph. The notice may, at the person’s option, include more than one credit score, along with the additional information specified in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section for each credit score disclosed.
(ii) Examples. The manner in which multiple credit scores are to be disclosed under this section are substantially identical to the manner set forth in the examples contained in paragraph (e)(4)(ii) of this section.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (e)(1)(ii) of this section is contained in 16 CFR Part B, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B-4 is deemed to comply with the requirements of § 640.5(e). Use of the model form is optional.
(f) Credit score not available—(1) In general. A person is not required to provide a risk-based pricing notice to a consumer under §640.3(a) or (c) if the person:
(i) Regularly obtains credit scores from a consumer reporting agency and provides credit score disclosures to consumers in accordance with paragraphs (d) or (e) of this section, but a credit score is not available from the consumer reporting agency from which the person regularly obtains credit scores for a consumer to whom the person grants, extends, or provides credit;
(ii) Does not obtain a credit score from another consumer reporting agency in connection with granting, extending, or providing credit to the consumer;
595
§ 640.6                                                                         16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

(D) A statement that not having a credit score can affect whether the consumer can obtain credit and what the cost of that credit will be;
(E) A statement that a credit score about the consumer was not available from a consumer reporting agency, which must be identified by name, generally due to insufficient information regarding the consumer’s credit history;
(F) A statement that the consumer is encouraged to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the consumer report and has the right to dispute any inaccurate information in the consumer report;
(G) A statement that federal law gives the consumer the right to obtain copies of his or her consumer reports directly from the consumer reporting agencies, including a free consumer report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once during any 12-month period;
(H) The contact information for the centralized source from which consumers may obtain their free annual consumer reports; and
(I) A statement directing consumers to the websites of the Board and Federal Trade Commission to obtain more information about consumer reports.
(2) Exception. A person that uses consumer reports to set the credit terms of non-mortgage credit granted, extended, or provided to consumers regularly requests credit scores from a particular consumer reporting agency and provides those credit scores and additional information to consumers to satisfy the requirements of paragraph (c) of this section. That consumer reporting agency provides to the person a consumer report on a particular consumer that contains one trade line, but does not provide the person with a credit score on that consumer. If the person does not obtain a credit score from another consumer reporting agency, and, based in whole or in part on information in a consumer report it obtains, extends, or provides credit to the consumer, the person may provide the notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section. If, however, the person obtains a credit score from another consumer reporting agency, the person may not rely upon the exception in paragraph (f) of this section, but may satisfy the requirements of paragraph (e) of this section.
(3) Form of the notice. The notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section must be:
(i) Clear and conspicuous;
(ii) Segregated from other information provided to the consumer; and
(iii) Provided to the consumer in writing and in a form that the consumer may keep.
(4) Timing. The notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section must be provided to the consumer as soon as reasonably practicable after the person has requested the credit score, but in any event not later than consummation of a transaction in the case of closed-end credit or when the first transaction is made under an open-end credit plan.
(5) Model form. A model form of the notice described in paragraph (f)(1)(iii) of this section is contained in 16 CFR Part 698, Appendix B. Appropriate use of Model Form B-5 is deemed to comply with the requirements of § 640.5(f). Use of the model form is optional.

§ 640.6 Rules of construction.
For purposes of this part, the following rules of construction apply:
(a) One notice per credit extension. A consumer is entitled to no more than one risk-based pricing notice under § 640.3(a) or (c), or one notice under § 640.5(d), (e), or (f), for each grant, extension, or other provision of credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, even if a consumer has previously received a risk-based pricing notice in connection with a grant, extension, or other provision of credit, another risk-based pricing notice is required if the conditions set forth in § 640.3(d) have been met.
(b) Multi-party transactions—(1) Initial creditor. The person to whom a credit obligation is initially payable must provide the risk-based pricing notice described in § 640.3(a) or (c), or satisfy the requirements for and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions in § 640.5(d), (e), or (f), if that person immediately assigns the credit agreement to a third party and is not the source of funding for the credit.
(2) Purchasers or assignees. A purchaser or assignee of a credit contract
Federal Trade Commission                               Pt. 641

with a consumer is not subject to the requirements of this part and is not required to provide the risk-based pricing notice described in §640.3(a) or (c), or satisfy the requirements for and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions in §640.5(d), (e), or (f).

(3) Examples. (i) A consumer obtains credit to finance the purchase of an automobile. If the auto dealer is the person to whom the loan obligation is initially payable, such as where the auto dealer is the original creditor under a retail installment sales contract, the auto dealer must provide the risk-based pricing notice to the consumer (or satisfy the requirements and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions noted above), even if the auto dealer immediately assigns the loan to a bank or finance company. The bank or finance company, which has an assignee, has no duty to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer. 
(ii) A consumer obtains credit to finance the purchase of an automobile. If a bank or finance company is the person to whom the loan obligation is initially payable, the bank or finance company must provide the risk-based pricing notice to the consumer (or satisfy the requirements for and provide the notice required under one of the exceptions noted above) based on the terms offered by that bank or finance company only. The auto dealer has no duty to provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer. However, the bank or finance company may comply with this rule if the auto dealer has agreed to provide notices to consumers before consummation pursuant to an arrangement with the bank or finance company, as permitted under §640.4(c). 
(c) Multiple consumers—(1) Risk-based pricing notices. In a transaction involving two or more consumers who are granted, extended, or otherwise provided credit, a person must provide a notice to each consumer to satisfy the requirements of §640.3(a) or (c). If the consumers have the same address, a person may satisfy the requirements by providing a single notice addressed to both consumers. If the consumers do not have the same address, a person must provide a notice to each consumer.
(2) Credit score disclosure notices. In a transaction involving two or more consumers who are granted, extended, or otherwise provided credit, a person must provide a separate notice to each consumer to satisfy the exceptions in §640.5(d), (e), or (f). Whether the consumers have the same address or not, the person must provide a separate notice to each consumer. Each separate notice must contain only the credit score(s) of the consumer to whom the notice is provided, and not the credit score(s) of the other consumer.

(3) Examples. (i) Two consumers jointly apply for credit with a creditor. The creditor grants credit to the consumers on material terms that are materially less favorable than the most favorable terms available to other consumers from the creditor. The two consumers reside at different addresses. The creditor provides risk-based pricing notices to satisfy its obligations under this part. The creditor must provide a risk-based pricing notice to each consumer at the address where each consumer resides.
(ii) Two consumers jointly apply for credit with a creditor. The two consumers reside at the same address. The creditor obtains credit scores on each of the two consumer applicants. The creditor grants credit to the consumers. The creditor provides credit score disclosure notices to satisfy its obligations under this part. Even though the two consumers reside at the same address, the creditor must provide a separate credit score disclosure notice to each of the consumers. Each notice must contain only the credit score of the consumer to whom the notice is provided.

PART 641—DUTIES OF USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS REGARDING ADDRESS DISCREPANCIES

AUTHORITY: Public Law 108–159, sec. 315; 15 U.S.C. 1681c(h).

SOURCE: 74 FR 22694, May 14, 2009, unless otherwise noted.

597
§ 641.1 Duties of users of consumer reports regarding address discrepancies.

(a) Scope. This section applies to users of consumer reports that are subject to administrative enforcement of the FCRA by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s (a)(1) (users).

(b) Definition. For purposes of this section, a notice of address discrepancy means a notice sent to a user by a consumer reporting agency described in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(p) pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681c(h)(1), that informs the user of a substantial difference between the address for the consumer that the user provided to request the consumer report and the address(es) in the agency's file for the consumer.

(c) Reasonable belief--(1) Requirement to form a reasonable belief.  A user must develop and implement reasonable policies and procedures designed to enable the user to form a reasonable belief that a consumer report relates to the consumer about whom it has requested the report, when the user receives a notice of address discrepancy.

(2) Examples of reasonable policies and procedures. (i) Comparing the information in the consumer report provided by the consumer reporting agency with information:

(A) The user obtains and uses to verify the consumer's identity in accordance with the requirements of the Customer Identification Program (CIP) rules implementing 31 U.S.C. 5318(i) (31 CFR 103.121); 

(B) Maintains in its own records, such as applications, change of address notifications, other customer account records, or retained CIP documentation; or

(C) Obtains from third-party sources; or

(ii) Verifying the information in the consumer report provided by the consumer reporting agency with the consumer.

(d) Consumer's address--(1) Requirement to furnish consumer's address to a consumer reporting agency. A user must develop and implement reasonable policies and procedures for furnishing an address for the consumer that the user has reasonably confirmed is accurate to the consumer reporting agency described in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(p) from whom it received the notice of address discrepancy when the user:

(i) Can form a reasonable belief that the consumer report relates to the consumer about whom the user requested the report;

(ii) Establishes a continuing relationship with the consumer; and

(iii) Regularly and in the ordinary course of business furnishes information to the consumer reporting agency from which the notice of address discrepancy relating to the consumer was obtained.

(2) Examples of confirmation methods. The user may reasonably confirm an address is accurate by:

(I) Verifying the address with the consumer about whom it has requested the report;

(ii) Reviewing its own records to verify the address of the consumer; 

(iii) Verifying the address through third-party sources; or

(iv) Using other reasonable means.

(3) Timing.  The policies and procedures developed in accordance with paragraph (d)(1) of this section must provide that the user will furnish the consumer's address that the user has reasonably confirmed is accurate to the consumer reporting agency described in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(p) as part of the information it regularly furnishes for the reporting period in which it establishes a relationship with the consumer.

PART 642--PRESCREEN OPT-OUT NOTICE

Sec.
642.1 Purpose and scope.
642.2 Definitions.
642.3 Prescreen opt-out notice.
642.4 Effective date.

AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec. 213(a); 15 U.S.C. 1681m(d).

SOURCE: 70 FR 5032, Jan. 31, 2005, unless otherwise noted.

§ 642.1 Purpose and scope.

(a) Purpose. This part implements section 213(a) of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, which requires the Federal Trade Commission to establish the format, type size, and manner of the notices to consumers,
598
Federal Trade Commission                                                                                                                    §642.3

required by section 615(d) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”), regarding the right to prohibit (“opt out” of) the use of information in a consumer report to send them solicitations of credit or insurance.
(b) Scope. This part applies to any person who uses a consumer report on any consumer in connection with any credit or insurance transaction that is not initiated by the consumer, and that is provided to that person under section 604(c)(1)(B) of the FCRA (15 U.S.C. 1681b(c)(1)(B)).

§642.2 Definitions.
As used in this part:
(a) Simple and easy to understand means:
  (1) A layered format as described in §642.3 of this part;
  (2) Plain language designed to be understood by ordinary consumers; and
  (3) Use of clear and concise sentences, paragraphs, and sections.
(i) Examples. For purposes of this part, examples of factors to be consisered in determining whether a statement is in plain language and uses clear and concise sentences, paragraphs, and sections include:
  (A) Use of short explanatory sentences;
  (B) Use of definite, concrete, everyday words;
  (C) Use of active voice;
  (D) Avoidance of multiple negatives;
  (E) Avoidance of legal and technical business terminology;
  (F) Avoidance of explanations that are imprecise and reasonably subject to different interpretations; and
  (G) Use of language that is not misleading.
(ii) [Reserved]
(b) Principal promotional document means the document designed to be seen first by the consumer, such as the cover letter.

§642.3 Prescreen opt-out notice.
Any person who uses a consumer report on any consumer in connection with any credit or insurance transaction that is not initiated by the consumer, and that is provided to that person under section 604(b)(1)(B) of the FCRA (15 U.S.C. 1681b(c)(1)(B)), shall, with each written solicitation made to the consumer about the transaction, provide the consumer with the following statement, consisting of a short portion and a long portion, which shall be in the same language as the offer of credit or insurance:
  (a) Short notice. The short notice shall be a clear and conspicuous, and simple and easy to understand statement as follows: 
  (1) Content. The short notice shall state that the consumer has the right to opt out of receiving prescreened solicitations, and shall provide the toll-free number the consumer can call to exercise that right. The short notice also shall direct the consumer to the existence and location of the long notice, and shall state the heading for the long notice. The short notice shall not contain any other information.
  (2) Form. The short notice shall be:
     (i) In a type size that is larger than the type size of the principal text on the same page, but in no event smaller than 12-point type, if provided by electronic means, then reasonable steps should be taken to ensure that the type size is larger than the type size of the principal text on the same page;
     (ii) On the front side of the first page of the principal promotional document in the solicitation, or, if provided electronically, on the same page and in close proximity to the principal marketing message;
    (iii) Located on the page and in a format so that the statement is distinct from other text, such as inside a border; and
    (iv) In a type style that is distinct from the principal type style used on the same page, such as bolded, italicized underlined, and/or in a color that contrasts with the color of the principal text on the page, if the soliciation is in more than one color.
  (b) Long notice. The long notice shall be a clear and conspicuous, and simple and easy to understand statement as follows:
  (1) Content. The long notice shall state the information required by section 615(d) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681m(d)). The long notice shall not include any other information that interferes with, detracts from, contradicts, or otherwise undermines the purpose of the notice.

                                                                                                                                                                599
§ 642.4 
(2) Form. The long notice shall: 
(i) Appear in the solicitation; 
(ii) Be in a type size that is no smaller than the type size of the principal text on the same page, and, for solicitations provided other than by electronic means, the type size shall in no event be smaller than 8-point type; 
(iii) Begin with a heading in capital letters and underlined, and identifying the long notice as the “PRESCREEN & OPT-OUT NOTICE”; 
(iv) Be in a type style that is distinct from the principal type style used on the same page, such as bolded, italicized, underlined, and/or in a color that contrasts with the color of the principal text on the page, if the solicitation is in more than one color; and 
(v) Be set apart from other text on the page, such as by including a blank line above and below the statement, or by indenting both the left and right margins from other text on the page. 

§ 642.4 Effective date. 

This part is effective on August 1, 2005. 

PART 660—DUTIES OF FURNISHERS OF INFORMATION TO CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES 

Sec. 
660.1 Scope. 
660.2 Definitions. 
660.3 Reasonable policies and procedures concerning the accuracy and integrity of furnished information. 
660.4 Direct disputes. 

APPENDIX A TO PART 660—INTERAGENCY GUIDELINES CONCERNING THE ACCURACY AND INTEGRITY OF INFORMATION FURNISHED TO CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES 

AUTHORITY: 15 U.S.C. 1681a-2(a)(8) and 1681s-2(a), Sec. 312, Pub. L. 108-159, 117 Stat. 1989. 

SOURCE: 74 FR 31525, July 1, 2009, unless otherwise noted. 

§ 660.1 Scope. 
This part applies to furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies that are subject to administrative enforcement of the FCRA by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s(a)(1) referred to as “furnishers”).

§ 660.2 Definitions. 

For purposes of this part and appendix A of this part, the following definitions apply: 
(a) Accuracy means that information that a furnisher provides to a consumer reporting agency about an account or other relationship with the consumer correctly: 
(1) Reflects the terms of and liability for the account or other relationship; 
(2) Reflects the consumer’s performance and other conduct with respect to the account or other relationship; and 
(3) Identifies the appropriate consumer. 
(b) Direct dispute means a dispute submitted directly to a furnisher (including a furnisher that is a debt collector) by a consumer concerning the accuracy of any information contained in a consumer report and pertaining to an account or other relationship that the furnisher has or had with the consumer. 
(c) Furnisher means an entity that furnishes information relating to consumers to one or more consumer reporting agencies for inclusion in a consumer report. An entity is not a furnisher when it: 
(1) Provides information to a consumer reporting agency solely to obtain a consumer report in accordance with sections 604(a) and (f) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act; 
(2) Is acting as a “consumer reporting agency” as defined in section 603(f) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act; (3) Is a consumer to whom the furnished information pertains; or (4) Is a neighbor, friend, or associate of the consumer, or another individual with whom the consumer is acquainted or who may have knowledge about the consumer, and who provides information about the consumer’s character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living in response to a specific request from a consumer reporting agency. 
(d) Identity theft has the same meaning as in 16 CFR 603.2(a). 
(e) Integrity means that information that a furnisher provides to a consumer reporting agency about an account or other relationship with the consumer: 
(1) Is substantiated by the furnisher’s records at the time it is furnished; 
Federal Trade Commission                                                                § 660.4

       (2) Is furnished in a form and manner that is designed to minimize the likeli- hood that the information may be incor- rectly reflected in a consumer report; and
       (3) Includes the information in the furnisher\'s possession about the ac- count or other relationship that the Commission has:
            (i) Determined that the absence of which would likely be materially mis- leading in evaluating a consumer\'s creditworthiness, credit standing, cred- it capacity, character, general reputa- tion, personal characteristics, or mode of living; and (ii) Listed in section 1(b)(2)(iii) of Appendix A of this part.
    
§ 660.3 Reasonable policies and proce- dures concerning the accuracy and      integrity of furnished information.
    (a) Policies and procedures. Each fur- nisher must establish and implement reasonable written policies and proce- dures regarding the accuracy and in- tegrity of the information relating to consumers that it furnishes to a con- sumer reporting agency. The policies and procedures must be appropriate to the nature, size, complexity, and scope of each furnisher\'s activities.
    (b) Guidelines. Each furnisher must consider the guidelines in Appendix A of this part in developing its policies and procedures required by this sec- tion, and incorporate those guidelines that are appropriate.
    (c) Reviewing and updating policies and procedures. Each furnisher must review its policies and procedures required by this section periodically and update them as necessary to ensure their con- tinued effectiveness.
    
§ 660.4 Direct disputes.
    (a) General rule. Except as otherwise provided in this section, a furnisher must conduct a reasonable investiga- tion of a direct dispute if it relates to:
       (1) The consumer\'s liability for a credit account or other debt with the furnisher, such as direct disputes relat- ing to whether there is or has been identity theft or fraud against the con- sumer, whether there is individual or joint liability on an account, or wheth- er the consumer is an authorized user of a credit account;
       (2) The terms of a credit account or other debt with the furnisher, such as direct disputes relating to the type of account, principal balance, scheduled payment amount on an account, or the amount of the credit limit on an open- end account;
       (3) The consumer\'s performance or other conduct concerning an account or other relationship with the fur- nisher, such as direct disputes relating to the current payment status, high balance, date a payment was made, the amount of a payment made, or the date an account was opened or closed; or
       (4) Any other information contained in a consumer report regarding an ac- count or other relationship with the furnisher that bears on the consumer\'s creditworthiness, credit standing, cred- it capacity, character, general reputa- tion, personal characteristics, or mode of living.
    (b) Exceptions. The requirements of paragraph (a) of this section do not apply to a furnisher if:
       (1) The direct dispute relates to:
(i) The consumer\'s identifying infor- mation (other than a direct dispute relating to a consumer\'s liability for a credit account or other debt with the furnisher, as provided in paragraph (a)(1) of this section) such as name(s), date of birth, Social Security number, telephone number(s), or address(es);
(ii) The identity of past or present employers;
(iii) Inquiries or requests for a con- sumer report;
(iv) Information derived from public records, such as judgments, bank- ruptcies, liens, and other legal matters (unless provided by a furnisher with an account or other relationship with the consumer);
(v) Information related to fraud alerts or active duty alerts; or
(vi) Information provided to a con- sumer reporting agency by another fur- nisher; or
       (2) The furnisher has a reasonable be- lief that the direct dispute is submit- ted by, is prepared on behalf of the con- sumer by, or is submitted on a form supplied to the consumer by, a credit repair organization, as defined in 15 U.S.C. 1679a(3), or an entity that would be a credit repair organization, but for 15 U.S.C. 1679a(3)(B)(i).

                                                                                                      601
§ 660.4 (c) Direct dispute address. A furnisher is required to investigate a direct dispute only if a consumer submits a dispute notice to the furnisher at:
(1) The address of a furnisher provided by a furnisher and set forth on a consumer report relating to the consumer;
(2) An address clearly and conspicuously specified by the furnisher for submitting direct disputes that is provided to the consumer in writing or electronically (if the consumer has agreed to the electronic delivery of information from the furnisher); or
(3) Any business address of the furnisher if the furnisher has not so specified and provided an address for submitting direct disputes under paragraphs (c)(1) or (2) of this section.
(d) Direct dispute notice contents. A dispute notice must include:
(i) Sufficient information to identify the account or other relationship that is in dispute, such as an account number and the name, address, and phone number of the consumer, if applicable;
(2) The specific information the consumer is disputing and an explanation of the basis for the dispute; and
(3) All supporting documentation of other information reasonably required by the furnisher to substantiate the basis of the dispute. This documentation may include, for example: a copy of the relevant portion of the consumer report that contains the allegedly inaccurate information; a police report; a fraud or identify theft affidavit; a court order; or account statements.
(e) Duty of furnisher after receiving a direct dispute notice. After receiving a dispute notice from a consumer pursuant to paragraphs (c) and (d) of this section, the furnisher must:
(1) Conduct a reasonable investigation with respect to the disputed information;
(2) Review all relevant information provided by the consumer with the dispute notice;
(3) Complete its investigation of the dispute and report the results of the investigation to the consumer before the expiration of the period under section 611(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681i(a)(1)) within which a consumer reporting agency would be required to complete its action if the consumer had elected to dispute the information under that section; and
(4) If the investigation finds that the information reported was inaccurate, promptly notify each consumer reporting agency to which the furnisher provided inaccurate information of that determination and provide to the consumer reporting agency any correction to that information that is necessary to make the information provided by the furnisher accurate.
(f) Frivolous or irrelevant disputes. (1) A furnisher is not required to investigate a direct dispute if the furnisher has reasonably determined that the dispute is frivolous or irrelevant. A dispute qualifies as frivolous or irrelevant if;
(i) The consumer did not provide sufficient information to investigate the disputed information as required by paragraph (d) of this section;
(ii) The direct dispute is substantially the same as a dispute previously submitted by or on behalf of the consumer, either directly to the furnisher or through a consumer reporting agency, with respect to which the furnisher has already satisfied the applicable requirements of the Act or this section; provided, however, that a direct dispute is not substantially the same as a dispute previously submitted if the dispute includes information listed in paragraph (d) of this section that had not previously been provided to the furnisher; or
(iii) The furnisher is not required to investigate the direct dispute because one or more of the exceptions listed in paragraph (b) of this section applies.
(2) Notice of determination. Upon making a determination that a dispute is frivolous or irrelevant, the furnisher must notify the consumer of the determination not later than five business days after making the determination, by mail or, if authorized by the consumer for that purpose, by any other means available to the furnisher.
(3) Contents of notice of determination that a dispute is frivolous or irrelevant. A notice of determination that a dispute is frivolous or irrelevant must include the reasons for such determination and identify any information required to investigate the disputed information, 16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

602
Federal Trade Commission

Pt. 660, App. A

which notice may consist of a standardized form describing the general nature of such information.

APPENDIX A TO PART 660—INTERAGENCY GUIDELINES CONCERNING THE ACCU- RACY AND INTEGRITY OF INFORMA- TION FURNISHED TO CONSUMER RE- PORTING AGENCIES

The Commission encourages voluntary furnishing of information to consumer report- ing agencies. Section 660.3 of this part requires each furnisher to establish and imple- ment reasonable written policies and pro- cedures concerning the accuracy and integrity of the information it furnishes to consumer reporting agencies. Under § 660.3(b), a fur- nisher must consider the guidelines set forth below in developing its policies and proce- dures. In establishing these policies and pro- cedures, a furnisher may include any of its existing policies and procedures that are rel- evant and appropriate. Section 660.3(c) re- quires each furnisher to review its policies and procedures periodically and update them as necessary to ensure their continued effec- tiveness.

I. NATURE, SCOPE, AND OBJECTIVES OF POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

(a) Nature and Scope. Section 660.3(a) of this part requires that a furnisher’s policies and procedures be appropriate to the nature, size, complexity, and scope of the furnisher’s ac- tivities. In developing its policies and proce- dures, a furnisher should consider, for exam- ple:

(1) The types of business activities in which the furnisher engages; (2) The nature and frequency of the infor- mation the furnisher provides to consumer reporting agencies; and (3) The technology used by the furnisher to furnish the information to consumer reporting agencies.

(b) Objectives. A furnisher’s policies and procedures should be reasonably designed to promote the following objectives: (1) To furnish information about accounts or other relationships with a consumer that is accurate, such that the furnished informa- tion:

(i) Identifies the appropriate consumer; (ii) Reflects the terms of and liability for the accounts or other relationships; and (iii) Reflects the consumer’s performance and other conduct with respect to the ac- count or other relationship; and (2) To furnish information about accounts or other relationships with a consumer that has integrity, such that the furnished informa- tion:

(i) Is substantiated by the furnisher’s records at the time it is furnished; (ii) Is furnished in a form and manner that is designed to minimize the likelihood that the information may be incorrectly reflected in a consumer report; thus, the furnished information should: 

(A) Include appropriate identifying infor- mation about the consumer to whom it pertains; and (B) Be furnished in a standardized and clearly understandable form and manner and with a date specifying the time period to which the information pertains; and (iii) Includes the credit limit, if applicable and in the furnisher’s possession; (3) To conduct reasonable investigations of consumer disputes and take appropriate ac- tions based on the outcome of such investiga- tions; and (4) To update the information it furnishes as necessary to reflect the current status of the consumer’s account or other relation- ship, including, for example: (i) Any transfer of an account (e.g., by sale or assignment for collection) to a third party; and (ii) Any cure of the consumer’s failure to abide by the terms of the account or other relationship.

II. ESTABLISHING AND IMPLEMENTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

In establishing and implementing its poli- cies and procedures, a furnisher should:

(a) Identify practices or activities of the furnisher that can compromise the accuracy or integrity of information furnished to con- sumer reporting agencies, such as by: (1) Reviewing its existing policies and ac- tivities, including the technological means and other methods it uses to furnish infor- mation to consumer reporting agencies, the frequency and timing of its furnishing of information;

(2) Reviewing its historical records relat- ing to accuracy or integrity or to disputes; reviewing other information relating to the accuracy or integrity of information pro- vided by the furnisher to consumer reporting agencies; and considering the types of errors, omissions, or other problems that may have affected the accuracy or integrity of infor- mation it has furnished about consumers to consumer reporting agencies:

(3) Considering any feedback received from consumer reporting agencies, consumers, or other appropriate parties; (4) Obtaining feedback from the furnisher’s staff; and (5) Considering the potential impact of the furnisher’s policies and procedures on consum- ers.

(b) Evaluate the effectiveness of existing policies and procedures of the furnisher re- garding the accuracy and integrity of infor- mation furnished to consumer reporting agencies; consider whether new, additional,

603
Pt. 680

16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

or different policies and procedures are nec- essary; and consider whether implementa- tion of existing policies and procedures should be modified to enhance the accuracy and integrity of information about con- sumers furnished to consumer reporting agencies.
(c) Evaluate the effectiveness of specific methods (including technological means) the furnisher uses to provide information to con- sumer reporting agencies; how those meth- ods may affect the accuracy and integrity of the information it provides to consumer re- porting agencies; and whether new, addi- tional, or different methods (including tech- nological means) should be used to provide information to consumer reporting agencies to enhance the accuracy and integrity of that information.

III. SPECIFIC COMPONENTS OF POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
In developing its policies and procedures, a furnisher should address the following, as ap- propriate:
(a) Identifying patterns, practices, and sys- tems for furnishing information about con- sumers to consumer reporting agencies that is appropriate to the nature, size, complex- ity, and scope of the furnisher’s business op- erations;
(b) Using standard data reporting formats and standard procedures for compiling and furnishing data, where feasible, such as the electronic transmission of information about consumers to consumer reporting agencies;
(c) Maintaining records for a reasonable period of time, not less than any applicable recordkeeping requirement, by which it can substantiate the accuracy of any information about consumers it furnishes that is subject to a direct dispute;
(d) Establishing and implementing appro- priate internal controls regarding the accu- racy and integrity of information about con- sumers furnished to consumer reporting agencies, such as by implementing standard procedures and verifying random samples of information provided to consumer reporting agencies;
(e) Training staff that participates in ac- tivities related to the furnishing of informa- tion about consumers to consumer reporting agencies to implement the policies and pro- cedures;
(f) Providing for appropriate and effective oversight of relevant service providers whose activities may affect the accuracy or integ- rity of information about consumers fur- nished to consumer reporting agencies to en- sure compliance with the policies and proce- dures;
(g) Furnishing information about con- sumers to consumer reporting agencies fol- lowing mergers, portfolio acquisitions or transfers, and other acquisitions or transfers of accounts or other obligations in a manner that prevents re-aging of information, dupli- cate reporting, or other problems that may similarly affect the accuracy or integrity of the information furnished;
(h) Deleting, updating, and correcting in- formation in the furnisher’s records, as ap- propriate, to avoid furnishing inaccurate in- formation;
(i) Conducting reasonable investigations of disputes;
(j) Designing technological and other means of communication with consumer re- porting agencies to prevent duplicative re- porting of accounts, erroneous association of information with the wrong consumer(s), and other occurrences that may compromise the accuracy or integrity of information pro- vided to consumer reporting agencies;
(k) Providing consumer reporting agencies with sufficient identifying information in the furnisher’s possession about each con- sumer about whom information is furnished to enable the consumer reporting agency properly to identify the consumer;
(l) Conducting a periodic evaluation of its practices and procedures to ensure that in- formation provided to consumer reporting agencies is accurate and in compliance with its obligations under the FCRA and its imple- menting regulations; and
(m) Complying with applicable require- ments under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and its implementing regulations.

PART 680—AFFILIATE MARKETING

Sec.
680.1 Purpose and scope.
680.2 Examples.
680.3 Definitions.
680.4-680.20 [Reserved]
680.21 Affiliate marketing opt-out and ex- ceptions.
680.22 Scope and duration of opt-out.
680.23 Contents of opt-out notice; consol- idated and equivalent notices.
680.24 Reasonable opportunity to opt out.
680.25 Reasonable and simple methods of opting out.
680.26 Delivery of opt-out notices.
680.27 Renewal of opt-out.
680.28 Effective date, compliance date, and prospective application.
AUTHORITY: Sec. 214(b), Pub. L. 108-159; 15 U.S.C. 1681s-3
SOURCE: 72 FR 61455, Oct. 30, 2007, unless otherwise noted.

§680.1 Purpose and scope.
(a) Purpose. The purpose of this part is to implement section 214 of the Fair

604
Federal Trade Commission                                                                                             § 680.3

and Accu-rate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, which (by adding section 624 to Fair Credit Reporting Act) regulates the use, for marketing solicitation purposes, of consumer information provided by persons affiliated with the person making the solicitation.

(b) Scope. This part applies to any person over which the Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction that uses information from its affiliates for the purpose of marketing solicitations, or provides information to its affiliates for that purpose.

§ 680.2 Examples.

The examples in this part are not exclusive. Compliance with an example, to the extent applicable, constitutes compliance with this part. Examples in this paragraph illustrate only the issue described in the paragraph and do not illustrate any other issue that may arise in this part.

§ 680.3 Definitions.

As used in this part:

(a) Act. The term “Act” means the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.).
(b) Affiliate. The term “affiliate” means any company that is related by common ownership or common corporate control with another company.
(c) Clear and conspicuous. The term “clear and conspicuous” means reasonably understandable and designed to call attention to the nature and significance of the information presented.
(d) Common ownership or common corporate control. The term “common ownership or common corporate control” means a relationship between two companies under which:
    (1) One company has, with respect to the other company:
        (i) Ownership, control, or the power to vote 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting 
        (ii) Control in any manner over the election of a majority of the directors, trustees, or general partners (or individuals exercising similar functions) of the company; or
        (iii) The power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, as the Commission determines; or
    (2) Any person has, with respect to both companies, a relationship described in paragraphs (d)(1)(i) through (d)(1)(iii) of this section.
(e) Company. The term “company” means any corporation, limited liability company, business trust, general or limited partnership, association, or similar organization.
(f) Concise—(1) In general. The term “concise” means a reasonably brief expression or statement.
    (2) Combination with other required disclosures. A notice required by this part may be concise even if it is combined with other disclosures required or authorized by federal or state law.
(g) Consumer. The term “consumer” means an individual.
(h) Eligibility information. The term “eligibility information” means any information the communication of which would be a consumer report if the exclusions from the definition of “consumer report” in section 603(d)(2)(A) of the Act did not apply. Eligibility information does not include aggregate or blind data that does not contain personal identifiers such as account numbers, names, or addresses.
(i) Person. The term “person” means any individual, partnership, corporation, trust, estate, cooperative, association, government or governmental subdivision or agency, or other entity.
(j) Pre-existing business relationship—(1) In general. The term “pre-existing business relationship” means a relationship between a person, or a person’s licensed agent, and a consumer based on—
    (i) A financial contract between the person and the consumer which is in force on the date on which the consumer is sent a solicitation covered by this part;
    (ii) The purchase, rental, or lease by the consumer of the persons’ goods or services, or a financial transaction (including holding an active account or a policy in force or having another continuing relationship) between the consumer and the person, during the 18-month period immediately preceding the date on which the consumer is sent a solicitation covered by this part; or 605
§ 680.3

(iii) An inquiry or application by the consumer regarding a product or serv- ice offered by that person during the three-month period immediately pre- ceding the date on which the consumer is sent a solicitation covered by this part.
(2) Examples of pre-existing business re- lationships. (i) If a consumer has an ex- isting loan account with a creditor, the creditor has a pre-existing business re- lationship with the consumer and can use eligibility information it receives from its affiliates to make solicita- tions to the consumer about its products or services.
(ii) If a consumer obtained a mort- gage from a mortgage lender, but refinanced the mortgage loan with a dif- ferent lender when the mortgage loan came due, the first mortgage lender has a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer and can use eligi- bility information it receives from its affiliates to make solicitations to the consumer about its products or serv- ices for 18 months after the date the outstanding balance of the loan is paid and the loan is closed.
(iii) If a consumer obtains a mort- gage, the mortgage lender has a pre-ex- isting business relationship with the consumer. If the mortgage lender sells the consumer's entire loan to an inves- tor, the mortgage lender has a pre-ex- isting business relationship with the consumer and can use eligibility infor- mation it receives from its affiliates to make solicitations to the consumer about its products or services for 18 months after the date it sells the loan, and the investor has a pre-existing business relationship with the con- sumer upon purchasing the loan. If, however, the mortgage lender sells a fractional interest in the consumer's loan to an investor but also retains an ownership interest in the loan, the mortgage lender continues to have a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer, but the investor does not have a pre-existing business rela- tionship with the consumer. If the mortgage lender retains ownership of the loan, but sells ownership of the servicing rights to the consumer's loan, the mortgage lender continues to have a pre-existing business rela- tionship with the consumer. The purchaser of the servicing rights also has a pre- existing business relationship with the consumer as of the date it purchases ownership of the servicing rights, but only if it collects payments from or otherwise deals directly with the con- sumer on a continuing basis.
(iv) If a consumer applies to a cred- itor for a product or service that it of- fers, but does not obtain a product or service from or enter into a financial contract or transaction with the cred- itor, the creditor has a pre-existing business relationship with the con- sumer and can therefore use eligibility information it receives from an affil- iate to make solicitations to the con- sumer about its products or services for three months after the date of the application.
(v) If a consumer makes a telephone inquiry to a creditor about its products or services and provides contact infor- mation to the creditor, but does not obtain a product or service from or enter into a financial contract or transaction with the creditor, the cred- itor has a pre-existing business rela- tionship with the consumer and can therefore use eligibility information it receives from an affiliate to make so- licitations to the consumer about its products or services for three months after the date of the inquiry.
(vi) If a consumer makes an inquiry to a creditor by e-mail about its prod- ucts or services, but does not obtain a product or service from or enter into a financial contract or transaction with the creditor, the creditor has a pre-ex- isting business relationship with the consumer and can therefore use eligi- bility information it receives from an affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about its products or serv- ices for three months after the date of the inquiry.
(vii) If a consumer has an existing re- lationship with a creditor that is part of a group of affiliated companies, makes a telephone call to the central- ized call center for the group of affili- ated companies to inquire about products or services offered by an insur- ance affiliate, and provides contact in- formation to the call center, the call constitutes an inquiry to the insurance affiliate that offers those products or services. The insurance affiliate has a
606
Federal Trade Commission

§ 680.21

pre-existing business relationship with the consumer and can therefore use eligibility information it receives from its affiliated creditor to make solicitations to the consumer about its products or services for three months after the date of the inquiry.

(3) Examples where no pre-existing business relationship is created. (i) If a consumer makes a telephone call to a centralized call center for a group of affiliated companies to inquire about the consumer's existing account with a creditor, the call does not constitute an inquiry to any affiliate other than the creditor that holds the consumer's account and does not establish a pre-existing business relationship between the consumer and any affiliate of the account-holding creditor.
(ii) If a consumer who has a loan account with a creditor makes a telephone call to an affiliate of the creditor to ask about the affiliate's retail locations and hours, but does not make an inquiry about the affiliate's products or services, the call does not constitute an inquiry and does not establish a pre-existing business relationship between the consumer and the affiliate. Also, the affiliate's capture of the consumer's telephone number does not constitute an inquiry and does not establish a pre-existing business relationship between the consumer and the affiliate.
(iii) If a consumer makes a telephone call to a creditor in response to an advertisement that offers a free promotional item to consumers who call a toll-free number, but the advertisement does not indicate that creditor's products or services will be marketed to consumers who call in response, the call does not create a pre-existing business relationship between the consumer and the creditor because the consumer has not made an inquiry about a product or service offered by the creditor, but has merely responded to an offer for a free promotional item.

(k) Solicitation—(1) In general. The term "solicitation" means any marketing of a product or service initiated by a person to a particular consumer that is—
(i) Based on eligibility information communicated to that person by its affiliate as described in this part; and

(ii) Intended to encourage the consumer to purchase or obtain such product or service.
(2) Exclusion of marketing directed at the general public. A solicitation does not include marketing communications that are directed at the general public. For example, television, general circulation magazine, and billboard advertisements do not constitute solicitations, even if those communications are intended to encourage consumers to purchase products and services from the person initiating the communications.

(3) Examples of solicitations. A solicitation would include, for example, a telemarketing call, direct mail, e-mail, or other form of marketing communication directed to a particular consumer that is based on eligibility information received from an affiliate.
(i) You means a person described in § 680.10(h).

§§ 680.4-680.20 [Reserved]

§ 680.21 Affiliate marketing opt-out and exceptions
(a) Initial notice and opt-out requirement—(1) In general. You must not use eligibility information about a consumer that you receive from an affiliate to make a solicitation for marketing purposes to the consumer, unless—
(i) It is clearly and conspicuously disclosed to the consumer in writing or, if the consumer agrees, electronically, in a concise notice that you may use eligibility information about that consumer received from an affiliate to make solicitations for marketing purposes to the consumer;
(ii) The consumer is provided a reasonable opportunity and a reasonable and simple method to "opt out," or prohibit you from using eligibility information to make solicitations for marketing purposes to the consumer; and
(iii) The consumer has not opted out.
(2) Example. A consumer has a homeowner's insurance policy with an insurance company. The insurance company furnishes eligibility information about the consumer to its affiliated creditor. Based on that eligibility information, the creditor wants to make a solicitaion to the consumer about its home

607
§ 680.21                                                              16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

equity loan products. The creditor does not have a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer and none of the other exceptions apply. The creditor is prohibited from using eligibility information received from its insurance affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about its home equity loan products unless the consumer is given a notice and opportunity to opt out and the consumer does not opt out.
(3) Affiliates who may provide the notice. The notice required by this paragraph (a) must be provided:
    (i) By an affiliate that has or has previously had a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer; or
    (ii) As part of a joint notice from two or more members of an affiliated group of companies, provided that at least one of the affiliates on the joint notice has or has previously had a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer.
(b) Making solicitations—(1) In general. For purposes of this part, you make a solicitation for marketing purposes if—
    (i) You receive eligibility information from an affiliate;
    (ii) You use that eligibility information to do one or more of the following:
        (A) Identify the consumer or type of consumer to receive a solicitation; or
        (B) Establish criteria used to select the consumer to receive a solicitation; or
        (C) Decide which of your products or services to market to the consumer or tailor your solicitation to that consumer; and
    (iii) As a result of your use of the eligibility information, the consumer is provided a solicitation.
(2) Receiving eligibility information from an affiliate, including through a common database. You may receive eligibility information from an affiliate in various ways, including when that affiliate places that information in a common database that you may access.
(3) Receipt or use of eligibility information by your service provider. Except as provided in paragraph (b)(5) of this section, you receive or use an affiliate’s eligibility information if a service provider acting on your behalf (whether an affiliate or a nonaffiliated third party) receives or uses that information in the manner described in paragraphs (b)(1)(i) or (b)(1)(ii) of this section. All relevant facts and circumstances will determine whether a person is acting as your service provider when it receives or uses an affiliate’s eligibility information in connection with marketing your products and services.
(4) Use by an affiliate of its own eligibility information. Unless you have used eligibility information that you receive from an affiliate in the manner described in paragraph (b)(1)(ii) of this section, you do not make a solicitation subject to this part if your affiliate:
    (i) Uses its own eligibility information that it obtained in connection with a pre-existing business relationship it has or had with the consumer to market your products or services to the consumer; or
    (ii) Directs its service provider to use the affiliate’s own eligibility information that it obtained in connection with a pre-existing business relationship it has or had with the consumer to market your products or services to the consumer, and you do not communicate directly with the service provider regarding that use.
(5) Use of eligibility information by a service provider—(i) In general. You do not make a solicitation subject to this part if a service provider (including an affiliated or a third-party service provider that maintains or accesses a common database that you may access) receives eligibility information from your affiliate that your affiliate obtained in connection with a pre-existing business relationship it has or had with the consumer and uses that eligibility information to market your products or services to the consumer, so long as—
    (A) Your affiliate controls access to and use of its eligibility information by the service provider (including the right to establish the specific terms and conditions under which the service provider may use such information to market your products or services);
    (B) Your affiliate establishes specific terms and conditions under which the service provider may access and use the affiliate’s eligibility information to market your products and services (or those of affiliates generally) to the consumer, such as the identity of the affiliated companies whose products or

                                                                  608
Federal Trade Commission

services may be marketed to the consumer by the service provider, the types of products or services of affiliated companies that may be marketed, and the number of times the consumer may receive marketing materials, and periodically evaluates the service provider's compliance with those terms and conditions; 

(C) Your affiliate requires the service provider to implement reasonable policies and procedures designed to ensure that the service provider uses the affiliate's eligibility information in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the affiliate relating to the marketing of your products or services;

(D) Your affiliate is identified on or with the marketing materials provided to the consumer; and

(E) You do not directly use your affiliate's eligibility information in the manner described in paragraph (b)(1)(ii) of this section.

(ii) Writing requirements. (A) The requirements of paragraphs (b)(5)(i)(A) and (C) of this section must be set forth in a written agreement between your affiliate and the service provider.

(B) The specific terms and conditions established by your affiliate pursuant to paragraph (b)(5)(i)(B) of this section must be set forth in writing.

(6) Examples of making solicitations (i) A consumer has a loan account with a creditor, which is affiliated with an insurance company. The insurance company receives eligibility information about the consumer from the creditor. The insurance company uses the eligibility information to identify the consumer to receive a solicitation about insurance products, and, as a result, the insurance company provides a solicitation to the consumer about its insurance products. Pursuant to paragraph (b)(1) of this section, the insurance company has made a solicitation to the consumer.

(ii) The same facts as in the example in paragraph (b)(6)(i) of this section, except that after using the eligibility information to identify the consumer to receive a solicitation about insurance products, the insurance company asks the creditor to send the solicitation to the consumer and the creditor does so. Pursuant to paragraph (b)(3)(i) of this section, the insurance company has made a solicitation to the consumer because it used eligibility information about the consumer that it received from an affiliate to identify the consumer to receive a solicitation about its products or services, and, as a result, a solicitation was provided to the consumer about the insurance company's products.

(iii) The same facts as in the example in paragraph (b)(6)(i) of this section, except that eligibility information about consumers that have loan accounts with the creditor is placed into a common database that all members of the affiliated group of companies may independently access and use. Without using the creditor's eligibility information, the insurance company develops selection criteria and provides those criteria, marketing materials, and related instructions to the creditor. The creditor reviews eligibility information about its own consumers using the selection criteria provided by the insurance company to determine which consumers should receive the insurance company's marketing materials and sends marketing materials about the insurance company's products to those consumers. Even though the insurance company has received eligibility information through the common database as described in paragraph (b)(2) of this section, it did not use that information to identify consumers or establish selection criteria; instead, the creditor used its own eligibility information. Therefore, pursuant to paragraph (b)(1)(i) of this section, the insurance company has not made a solicitation to the consumer.

(iv) The same facts as in the example in paragraph (b)(6)(iii) of this section, except that the creditor provides the insurance company's criteria to the creditor's service provider and directs the service provider to use the creditor's eligibility information to identify creditor consumers who meet the criteria and to send the insurance company's marketing materials to those consumers. The insurance company does not communicate directly with the service provider regarding the use of the creditor's information to market

609
§ 680.21 16 CFR Ch. | (1–1–11 Edition)

its products to the creditor’s consumers. Pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(ii) of this section, the insurance company has not made a solicitation to the consumer.
(v) An affiliated group of companies includes a creditor, an insurance company, and a service provider. Each affiliate in the group places information about its consumers into a common database. The service provider has access to all information in the common database. The creditor controls access to and use of its eligibility information by the service provider. This control is set forth in a written agreement between the creditor and the service provider. The written agreement also requires the service provider to establish reasonable policies and procedures designed to ensure that the service provider uses the creditor’s eligibility information in accordance with specific terms and conditions established by the creditor relating to the marketing of the products and services of all affiliates, including the insurance company. In a separate written communication, the creditor specifies the terms and conditions under which the service provider may use the creditor’s eligibility information to market the insurance company’s products and services to the creditor’s consumers. The specific terms and conditions describe a list of affiliated companies (including the insurance company) whose products or services may be marketed to the creditor’s consumers by the service provider; the specific products or types of products that may be marketed to the creditor’s consumers by the service provider; the categories of eligibility information that may be used by the service provider in marketing products or services to the creditor’s consumers; the types or categories of the creditor’s consumers to whom the service provider may market products or services of creditor affiliates; the number and/ or types of marketing communications that the service provider may send to the creditor’s consumers; and the length of time during which the service provider may market the products or services of the creditor’s affiliates to its consumers. The creditor periodically evaluates the service provider’s compliance with these terms and conditions. The insurance company asks the service provider to market insurance products to certain consumers who have loan accounts with the creditor. Without using the creditor’s eligibility information, the insurance company develops selection criteria and provides those criteria, marketing materials, and related instructions to the service provider. The service provider uses the creditor’s eligibility information from the common database to identify the creditor’s consumers to whom insurance products will be marketed. When the insurance company’s marketing materials are provided to the identified consumers, the name of the creditor is displayed on the insurance marketing materials, an introductory letter that accompanies the marketing materials, an account statement that accompanies the marketing materials, and on the envelope that contains the marketing materials. The requirements of paragraph (b)(5) of this section have been satisfied, and the insurance company has not made a solicitation to the consumer.
(vi) The same facts as in the example in paragraph (b)(6)(v) of this section, except that the terms and conditions permit the service provider to use the creditor’s eligibility information to market the products and services of other affiliates to the creditor’s consumers whenever the service provider deems it appropriate to do so. The service provider uses the creditor’s eligibility information in accordance with the discretion af-forded to it by the terms and conditions. Because the terms and conditions are not specific, the requirements of paragraph (b)(5) of this section have not been satisfied. 
(c) Exceptions. The provisions of this part do not apply to you if you use eligibility information that you receive from an affiliate:
(1) To make a solicitation for marketing purposes to a consumer with whom you have a pre-existing business relationship;
(2) To facilitate communications to an individual for whose benefit you provide employee benefit or other services pursuant to a contract with an employer related to and arising out of the current employment relationship or

610
Federal Trade Commission § 680.21

status of the individual as a participant or beneficiary of an employee benefit plan;
(3) To perform services on behalf of an affiliate, except that this paragraph shall not be construed as permitting you to send solicitations on behalf of an affiliate if the affiliate would not be permitted to send the solicitation as a result of the election of the consumer to opt out under this part;
(4) In response to a communication about your products or services initiated by the consumer;
(5) In response to an authorization or request by the consumer to receive solicitations; or
(6) If your compliance with this part would prevent you from complying with any provision of State insurance laws pertaining to unfair discrimination in any State in which you are lawfully doing business.
(d) Examples of exceptions—(1) Example of the pre-existing business relationship exception. A consumer has a loan account with a creditor. The consumer also has a relationship with the creditor's securities affiliate for the management of the consumer's securities portfolio. The creditor receives eligibility information about the consumer from its securities affiliate and uses that information to make a solicitation to the consumer about the creditor's wealth management services. The creditor may make this solicitation even if the consumer has not been given a notice and opportunity to opt out because the creditor has a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer.
(2) Example of service provider exception. (i) A consumer has an insurance policy issued by an insurance company. The insurance company furnishes eligibility information about the consumer to an affiliated creditor. Based on that eligibility information, the creditor wants to make a solicitation to the consumer about its credit products. The creditor does not have a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer and none of the other exceptions in paragraph (c) of this section apply. The consumer has been given an opt-out notice and has elected to opt out of receiving such solicitations. The creditor asks a service provider to send the solicitation to the consumer on its behalf. The service provider may not send the solicitation on behalf of the creditor because, as a result of the consumer's opt-out election, the creditor is not permitted to make the solicitation. (ii) The same facts as in paragraph (d)(2)(i) of this section, except the consumer has been given an opt-out notice, but has not elected to opt out. The creditor asks a service provider to send the solicitation to the consumer on its behalf. The service provider may send the solicitation on behalf of the creditor because, as a result of the consumer's not opting out, the creditor is permitted to make the solicitation.
(3) Examples of consumer-initiated communications. (i) A consumer who has a consumer loan account with a finance company initiates a communication with the creditor's mortgage lending affiliate to request information about a mortgage. The mortgage lender affiliate may use eligibility information about the consumer it obtains from the finance company or any other affiliate to make solicitations regarding mortgage products in response to the consumer-initiated communication.
(ii) A consumer who has a loan account with a creditor contacts the creditor to request information about how to save and invest for a child's college education without specifying the type of product in which the consumer may be interested. Information about a range of different products or services offered by the creditor and one or more affiliates of the creditor may be responsive to that communication. Such products or services may include the following: mutual funds offered by the creditor's mutual fund affil-iate; section 529 plans offered by the creditor, its mutual fund affiliate, or another se-curities affiliate; or trust services offered by a different creditor in the affiliated group. Any affiliate offering investment products or services that would be responsive to the consumer's request for information about saving and investing for a child's college education may use eligibility information to make solicitations to the consumer in response to this communication.
§ 680.22 

(iii) A credit card issuer makes a marketing call to the consumer without using eligibility information received from an affiliate. The issuer leaves a voice-mail message that invites the consumer to call a toll-free number to apply for the issuer’s credit card. If the consumer calls the toll-free number to inquire about the credit card, the call is a consumer-initiated communication about a product or service and the credit card issuer may now use eligibility information it receives from its affiliates to make solicitations to the consumer.

(iv) A consumer calls a creditor to ask about retail locations and hours, but does not request information about products or services. The creditor may not use eligibility information it receives from an affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about its products or services because the consumer-initiated communication does not relate to the creditor’s products or services. Thus, the use of eligibility information received from an affiliate would not be responsive to the communication and the exception does not apply.

(v) A consumer calls a creditor to ask about office locations. The customer service representative asks the consumer if there is a particular product or service about which the consumer is seeking information. The consumer responds that the consumer wants to stop in and find out about second mortgage loans. The customer service representative offers to provide that information by telephone and mail additional information and application materials to the consumer. The consumer agrees and provides or confirms contact information for receipt of the materials to be mailed. The creditor may use eligibility information it receives from an affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about mortgage loan products because such solicitations respond to the consumer-initiated communication about products or services.

(vi) Examples of consumer authorization or request for solicitations. (A) A consumer who obtains a mortgage from a mortgage lender authorizes or requests information about homeowner’s insurance offered by the mortgage lender’s insurance affiliate. Such authorization or request, whether given to the mortgage lender or to the insurance affiliate, would permit the insurance affiliate to use eligibility information about the consumer it obtains from the mortgage lender or any other affiliate to make solicitations to the consumer about homeowner’s insurance.

(ii) A consumer completes an online application to apply for a credit card from a department store. The store’s online application contains a blank check box that the consumer may check to authorize or request information from the store’s affiliates. The consumer checks the box. The consumer has authorized or requested solicitations from store’s affiliates.

(iii) A consumer completes an online application to apply for a credit card from a department store. The store’s online application contains a pre-selected check box indicating that the consumer authorizes or requests information from the store’s affiliates. The consumer does not deselect the check box. The consumer has not authorized or requested solicitations from the store’s affiliates.

(vii) The terms and conditions of a credit account agreement contain a preprinted boilerplate language stating that by applying to open an account the consumer authorizes or requests to receive solicitations from the creditor’s affiliates. The consumer has not authorized or requested solicitations from the creditor’s affiliates.

(b) Relation to affiliate-sharing notice and opt-out. Nothing in this part limits the responsibility of a person to comply with the notice and opt-out provisions of section 603(d)(2)(A)(iii) of the Act where applicable.

§ 680.22 Scope and duration of opt-out.

(a) Scope of opt-out—(1) In general. Except as otherwise provided in this section, the consumer’s election to opt out prohibits any affiliate covered by the opt-out notice from using eligibility information received from another affiliate as described in this section to make solicitations to the consumer.

(2) Continuing relationship—(i) In general. If the consumer establishes a continuing relationship with you or your

612
Federal Trade Commission                                        § 680.22
affiliate, an opt-out notice may apply
to eligibility information obtained in
connection with—
(A) A single continuing relationship
or multiple continuing relationships
that the consumer establishes with you
or your affiliates, including continuing
relationships established subsequent to
delivery of the opt-out notice, so long
as the notice adequately describes the 
continuing relationships covered by 
the opt-out; or
(B) Any other transaction between 
the consumer and you or your affiliates
as described in the notice.
(ii) Examples of continuing relationships. A consumer has a continuing relationship with you or your affiliate if the consumer—
(A) Opens a credit account with you
or your affiliate;
(B) Obtains a loan for which you or
your affiliate owns the servicing
rights;
(C) Purchases an insurance product
from you or your affiliate;
(D) Holds an investment product
through you or your affiliate, such as 
when you or your affiliate acts as a
custodian for securities or for assets in
an individual retirement arrangement;
(E) Enters into an agreement or understanding with you or your affiliate
whereby you or your affiliate under-
takes to arrange for broker a home
mortgage loan for the consumer;
(F) Enters into a lease of personal
property with you or your affiliate; or
(G) Obtains financial, investment, or
economic advisory services from you or
your affiliate for a fee.
(3) No continuing relationship—(i) In 
general. If there is no continuing relationship between a consumer and you 
or your affiliate, and you or your affiliate obtain eligibility information
about a consumer in connection with a
transaction with the consumer, such as 
an isolated transaction or a credit application that is denied, an opt-out no-
tice provided to the consumer only applies to eligibility information ob-
tained in connection with that trans-
action.
(ii) Examples of isolated transactions.
An isolated transaction occurs if—
(A) The consumer uses your or your
affiliate's ATM to withdraw cash from
an account at a financial institution;
or 
(B) You or your affiliate sells the
consumer a money order, airline tickets, travel insurance, or traveler's
checks in isolated transactions.
(4) Menu of alternatives. A consumer
may be given the opportunity to
choose from a menu of alternatives
when electing to prohibit solicitations,
such as by electing to prohibit solicitations from certain types of affiliates
covered by the opt-out notice but not 
other types of affiliates covered by the 
notice, electing to prohibit solicitations based on certain types of eli-
bility information but not other types
of eligibility information, or electing 
to prohibit solicitations by certain 
methods of delivery but not other
methods of delivery. However, if one of
the alternatives must allow the consumer to prohibit all solicitations from 
all of the affiliates that are covered by 
the notice.
(5) Special rule for a notice following termination of all continuing relationships—(i) In general. A consumer must
be given a new opt-out notice if, after
all continuing relationships with you
( and your affiliates) are terminated, the
consumer subsequently establishes
another continuing relationship with you
or your affiliate(s) and the consumer's
eligibility information is to be used to 
make a solicitation. The new opt-out 
notice must apply, at a minimum, to
eligibility information obtained in connection with the new continuing relationship. Consistent with paragraph (b)
of this section, the consumer's decision 
to not opt out after receiving the new
opt-out notice would not override a 
prior opt-out election by the consumer
that applies to eligibility information
obtained in connection with a terminated relationship, regardless of
whether the new opt-out notice applies
to eligibility information obtained in
connection with the terminated relationship.
(ii) Example. A consumer has an automobile loan account with a creditor
that is part of an affiliated group. The
consumer pays off the loan. After paying off the loan, the consumer subsequently obtains a second mortgage
loan from the creditor. The consumer
§ 680.23  16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)
must be given a new notice and opportunity to opt out before the creditor’s affiliates may make solicitations to the consumer using eligibility information obtained by the creditor in connection with the new mortgage relationship, regardless of whether the consumer opted out in connection with the automobile loan account.
(b) Duration of opt-out. The election of a consumer to opt out must be effective for a period of at least five years (the “opt-out period”) beginning when the consumer’s opt-out election is received and implemented, unless the consumer subsequently revokes the opt-out in writing or, if the consumer agrees, electronically. An opt-out period of more than five years may be established, including an opt-out period that does not expire unless revoked by the consumer.
(c) Time of opt-out. A consumer may opt out at any time.

§ 680.23 Contents of opt-out notice; consolidated and equivalent notices.
(a) Contents of opt-out notice—(1) In general. A notice must be clear, conspicuous, and concise, and must accurately disclose:
(i) The name of the affiliate(s) providing the notice. If the notice is provided jointly by multiple affiliates and each affiliate shares a common name, such as “ABC,” then the notice may indicate that it is being provided by multiple companies with the ABC name or multiple companies in the ABC group or family of companies, for example, by stating that the notice is provided by “all of the ABC companies,” “the ABC banking, credit card, insurance, and securities companies,” or by listing the name of each affiliate providing the notice. But if the affiliates providing the joint notice do not all share a common name, then the notice must either separately identify each affiliate by name or identify each of the common names used by those affiliates, for example, by stating that the notice is provided by “all of the ABC and XYZ companies” or by “the ABC banking and credit card companies and the XYZ insurance companies;”
(ii) A list of the affiliates or types of affiliates whose use of eligibility information is covered by the notice, which may include companies that become affiliates after the notice is provided to the consumer. If each affiliate covered by the notice shares a common name, such as “ABC,” then the notice may indicate that it applies to multiple companies with the ABC name or multiple companies in the ABC group or family of companies, for example, by stating that the notice is provided by “all of the ABC companies,” “the ABC banking, credit card, insurance, and securities companies,” or by listing the name of each affiliate providing the notice. But if the affiliates covered by the notice do not all share a common name, then the notice must either separately identify each covered affiliate by name or identify each of the common names used by those affiliates, for example, by stating that the notice applies to “all of the ABC and XYZ companies” or to “the ABC banking and credit card companies and the XYZ insurance companies;”
(iii) A general description of the types of eligibility information that may be used to make solicitations to the consumer;
(iv) That the consumer may elect to limit the use of eligibility information to make solicitations to the consumer;
(v) That the consumer’s election will apply for the specified period of time stated in the notice and, if applicable, that the consumer will be allowed to renew the election once that period expires;
(vi) If the notice is provided to consumers who may have previously opted out, such as if a notice is provided to consumers annually, that the consumer who has chosen to limit solicitations does not need to act again until the consumer receives a renewal notice; and
(vii) A reasonable and simple method for the consumer to opt out.
(2) Joint relationships. (i) If two or more consumers jointly obtain a product or service, a single opt-out notice may be provided to the joint consumers. Any of the joint consumers may exercise the right to opt out.
(ii) The opt-out notice must explain how an opt-out direction by a joint consumer will be treated. An opt-out direction by a joint consumer may be

614
Federal Trade Commission                                                          § 680.24

treated as applying to all of the associ-       (1) By mail. The opt-out notice is
ated joint consumers, or each joint      mailed to the consumer. The consumer
consumer may be permitted to opt out     is given 30 days from the date the no-
separately. If each joint consumer is    tice is mailed to elect to opt out by
permitted to opt out separately, one of  any reasonable means.
the joint consumers must be permitted          (2) By electronic means. (i) The opt-out
to opt out on behalf of all of the joint  notice is provided electronically to the
consumers and the joint consumers        consumer, such as by posting the no-
must be permitted to exercise their      tice at an Internet Web site at which
separate rights to opt out in a single   the consumer has obtained a product or
response.                                service. The consumer acknowledges
      (ii) It is impermissible to require all receipt of the electronic notice. The
joint consumers to opt out before im-    consumer is given 30 days after the
plementing any opt-out direction.        date the consumer acknowledges re-
      (3) Alternative contents. If the con- ceipt to elect to opt out by any reason-
sumer is afforded a broader right to opt able means.
out of receiving marketing than is re-          (ii) The opt-out notice is provided to
quired by this part, the requirements    the consumer by e-mail where the con-
of this section may be satisfied by pro- sumer has agreed to receive disclosures
viding the consumer with a clear, con-   by e-mail from the person sending the
spicuous, and concise notice that accu-  notice. The consumer is given 30 days
rately discloses the consumer's opt-out  after the e-mail is sent to elect to opt
rights.                                  out by any reasonable means.
      (4) Model notices. Model notices are       (3) At the time of an electronic trans-
provided in Appendix C of Part 698 of    action. The opt-out notice is provided
this chapter.                            to the consumer at the time of an elec-
      (b) Coordinated and consolidated no- tronic transaction, such as a trans-
tices. A notice required by this part    action conducted on an Internet Web
may be coordinated and consolidated      site. The consumer is required to de-
with any other notice or disclosure re-  cide, as a necessary part of proceeding
quired to be issued under any other      with the transaction, whether to opt
provision of law by the entity pro-      out before completing the transaction.
viding the notice, including but not     There is a simple process that the con-
limited to the notice de-scribed in sec- sumer may use to opt out that is com-
tion 603(d)(2)(A)(iii) of the Act and the pleted using the same mechanism
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act privacy no-       through which the transaction is con-
tice.                                    ducted. 
      (c) Equivalent notices. A notice or       (4) At the time of an in-person trans-
other disclosure that is equivalent to   action. The opt-out notice is provided
the notice required by this part, and    to the consumer in writing at the time
that is provided to a consumer to-       of an in-person transaction. The con-
gether with disclosures required by any  sumer is required to decide, as a nec-
other provision of law, satisfies the    essary part of proceeding with the
requirements of this section.            transaction, whether to opt out before
                                         completing the transaction, and is not
§ 680.24  Reasonable opportunity to opt  permitted to complete the transaction
              out.                       without making a choice. There is a
      (a) In general. You must not use eligi- simple process that the consumer may
bility information about a consumer      use during the course of the in-person
that you receive from an affiliate to    transaction to opt out, such as com-
make a solicitation to the consumer      pleting a form that requires consumers
about your products or services, unless  to write a ''yes'' or ''no'' to indicate their
the consumer is provided a reasonable    opt-out preference or that requires the
opportunity to opt out, as required by   consumer to check one of two blank
§ 680.21(a)(1)(ii) of this part.         check boxes—one that allows con-
      (b) Examples of a reasonable oppor- sumers to indicate that they want to
tunity to opt out. The consumer is given opt out and one that allows consumers
a reasonable opportunity to opt out if:  to indicate that they do not want to
                                         opt out.   

                                                                       615
§ 680.25 Reasonable and simple methods of opting out.

(a) In general. You must not use eligibility information about a consumer that you receive from an affiliate to make a solicitation to the consumer about your products or services, unless the consumer is provided a reasonable and simple method to opt out, as required by § 680.21(a)(1)(ii) of this part.

(b) Examples—(1) Reasonable and simple opt-out methods. Reasonable and simple methods for exercising the optout right include— 
(i) Designating a check-off box in a prominent position on the opt-out form;
(ii) Including a reply form and a selfaddressed envelope together with the opt-out notice;
(iii) Providing an electronic means to opt out, such as a form that can be electronically mailed or processed at an Internet Web site, if the consumer agrees to the electronic delivery of information;
(iv) Providing a toll-free telephone number that consumers may call to opt out; or
(v) Allowing consumers to exercise all of their opt-out rights described in a consolidated opt-out notice that includes the privacy opt-out under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq., the affiliate sharing opt-out under the Act, and the affiliate marketing opt-out under the Act, by a single method, such as by calling a single toll-free telephone number.
(2) Opt-out methods that are not reasonable and simple. Reasonable and simple methods for exercising an opt-out right do not include— 
(i) Requiring the consumer to write his or her own letter;
(ii) Requiring the consumer to call or write to obtain a form for opting out, rather than including the form with the opt-out notice; or
(iii) Requiring the consumer who receives the opt-out notice in electronic 

form only, such as through posting at an Internet Web site, to opt out solely by paper mail or by visiting a different Web site without providing a link to that site.
(c) Specific opt-out means. Each consumer may be required to opt out through a specific means, as long as that means is reasonable and simple for that consumer.

§ 680.26 Delivery of opt-out notices. 
(a) In general. The opt-out notice must be provided so that each consumer can reasonably be expected to receive actual notice. For opt-out notices provided electronically, the notice may be provided in compliance with either the electronic disclosure provisions in this part or the provisions in section 101 of the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, 15 U.S.C. 7001 et seq.
(b) Examples of reasonable expectation of actual notice. A consumer may reasonably be expected to receive actual notice if the affiliate providing the notice:
(1) Hand-delivers a printed copy of the notice to the consumer;
(2) Mails a printed copy of the notice to the last known mailing address of the consumer;
(3) Provides notice by e-mail to a consumer who has agreed to receive electronic disclosures by e-mail from the affiliate providing the notice; or
(4) Posts the notice on the Internet Web site at which the consumer obtained a product or service electronically and requires the consumer to acknowledge receipt of the notice.
(c) Examples of no reasonable expectation of actual notice. A consumer may not reasonably be expected to receive actual notice if the affiliate providing the notice:
(1) Only posts the notice on a sign in a branch or office or generally publishes the notice in a newspaper;
(2) Sends the notice via e-mail to a consumer who has not agreed to receive electronic disclosures by e-mail from the affiliate providing the notice; or
(3) Posts the notice on an Internet Web site without requiring the consumer to acknowledge receipt of the notice.

616
Federal Trade Commission                                                § 680.27

§ 680.27 Renewal of opt-out.

(a) Renewal notice and opt-out requirement—(1) In general. After the opt-out
period expires, you may not make solicitations based on eligibility information
you receive from an affiliate to a
consumer who previously opted out,
unless:
    (i) The consumer has been given a renewal notice that complies with the requirements of this section and §§ 680.24
through 680.26 of this part, and a reasonable opportunity and a reasonable
and simple method to renew the opt-out,
and the consumer does not renew
the opt-out; or
    (ii) An exception in § 680.21(c) of this
part applies.
(2) Renewal period. Each opt-out renewal must be effective for a period of
at least five years as provided in
§ 680.22(b) of this part.
(3) Affiliates who may provide the notice. The notice required by this paragraph must be provided:
    (i) By the affiliate that provided the previous opt-out notice, or its successor; or
    (ii) As part of a joint renewal notice from two or more members of an affiliated group of companies, or their successors, that jointly provided the previous opt-out notice.
(4) Contents of renewal notice. The renewal notice must be clear, conspicuous, and concise, and must accurately disclose:
    (i) The name of the affiliate(s) providing the notice. If the notice is provided jointly by multiple affiliates and each affiliate shares a common name, such as "ABC," then the notice may indicate that it is being provided by multiple companies with the ABC name or multiple companies in the ABC group or family of companies, for example, by stating that the notice is provided by "all of the ABC companies," "the ABC banking, credit card, insurance, and securities companies," or by listing the name of each affiliate providing the notice. But if the affiliates providing the joint notice do not all share a common name, then the notice must either separately identify each affiliate by name or identify each of the common names used by those affiliates, for example, by stating that the notice is provided by "all of the ABC and XYZ companies" 
or by "the ABC banking and credit card companies and the XYZ insurance companies;"
    (ii) A list of the affiliates or types of affiliates whose use of eligibility information is covered by the notice, which may include companies that become affiliates after the notice is provided to the consumer. If each affiliate covered by the notice shares a common name, such as "ABC," then the notice may indicate that it applies to multiple companies with the ABC name or multiple companies in the ABC group or family of companies, for example, by stating that the notice is provided by "all of the ABC companies," "the ABC banking, credit card, insurance, and securities companies," or by listing the name of each affiliate providing the notice. But if the affiliates covered by the notice do not all share a common name, then the notice must either separately identify each covered affiliate by name or identify each of the common names used by those affiliates, for example, by stating that the notice applies to "all of the ABC and XYZ companies" or to "the ABC banking and credit card companies and the XYZ insurance companies;"
    (iii) A general description of the types of eligibility information that may be used to make solicitations to the consumer;
    (iv) That the consumer previously elected to limit the use of certain information to make solicitations to the consumer;
    (v) That the consumer's election has expired or is about to expire;
    (vi) That the consumer may elect to renew the consumer's previous election;
    (vii) If applicable, that the consumer's election to renew will apply for the specified period of time stated in the notice and that the consumer will be allowed to renew the election once that period expires; and
    (viii) A reasonable and simple method for the consumer to opt out.
(c) Timing of the renewal notice—(1) In general. A renewal notice may be provided to the consumer either—
    (i) A reasonable period of time before the expiration of the opt-out period; or

                                                                    617
§ 680.28

(ii) Any time after the expiration of the opt-out period but before solicitations that would have been prohibited by the expired opt-out are made to the consumer.

(2) Combination with annual privacy notice. If you provide an annual privacy notice under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq., providing a renewal notice with the last annual privacy notice provided to the consumer before expiration of the opt-out period is a reasonable period of time before expiration of the opt-out in all cases.

(d) No effect on opt-out period. An opt-out period may not be shortened by sending a renewal notice to the consumer before expiration of the opt-out period, even if the consumer does not renew the opt out.

§ 680.28 Effective date, compliance date, and prospective application.

(a) Effective date. This part is effective January 1, 2008. (b) Mandatory compliance date. Compliance with this part is required not later than October 1, 2008.

(c) Prospective application. The provisions of this part shall not prohibit you from using eligibility information that you receive from an affiliate to solicit solicitations to a consumer if you receive such information prior to October 1, 2008. For purposes of this section, you are deemed to receive eligibility information when such information is placed into a common database and is accessible by you.

PART 681—IDENTITY THEFT RULES

Sec. 
681.1 Duties regarding the detection, prevention, and mitigation of identity theft. 681.2 Duties of card issuers regarding changes of address.

Appendix A to Part 681—Interagency Guidelines on Identity Theft Detection, Prevention, and Mitigation

Authority: Public Law 108-159, sec. 114; 15 U.S.C. 1681m(e).

Source: 72 FR 63771, Nov. 9, 2007, unless otherwise noted.

§681.1 Duties regarding the detection, prevention, and mitigation of identity theft.

(a) Scope. This section applies to financial institutions and creditors that are subject to administrative enforcement of the FCRA by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s(a)(l).

(b) Definitions. For purposes of this section, and Appendix A, the following definitions apply: 

(1) Account means a continuing relationship established by a person with a financial institution or creditor to obtain a product or service personal, family, household or business purposes. Account includes:
(i) An extension of credit, such as the purchase of property or services involving a deferred payment; and (ii) A deposit account.

(2) The term board of directors includes: (i) In the case of a branch or agency of a foreign bank, the managing official in charge of the branch or agency; and (ii) In the case of any other creditor that does not have a board of directors, a designated employee at the level of senior management. 

(3) Covered account means: (i) An account that a financial institution or creditor offers or maintains, primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, that involves or is designed to permit multiple payments or transactions, such as a credit card account, loan, margin account, cell phone account, utility account, checking account, or savings account; and: (ii) Any other account that the financial institution or creditor offers or maintains for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk to customers or to the safety and soundness of the financial institution or creditor from identity theft, including financial, operational, compliance, reputation, or litigation risks. 

(4) Credit has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(5). 

(5) Creditor has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(r)(5), and includes lenders such as banks, finance companies, automobile dealers, mortgage

16 CFR Ch. I (1-1- 11 Edition)

618
Federal Trade Commission        § 681.2

brokers, utility companies, and tele- communications companies.
(6) Customer means a person that has a covered account with a financial in- stitution or creditor.
(7) Financial institution has the same meaning as in 15 U.S.C. 1681a(t).
(8) Identity theft has the same mean- ing as in 16 CFR 603.2(a).
(9) Red Flag means a pattern, prac- tice, or specific activity that indicates the possible existence of identity theft.
(10) Service provider means a person that provides a service directly to the financial institution or creditor.
(c) Periodic Identification of Covered Accounts. Each financial institution or creditor must periodically determine whether it offers or maintains covered accounts. As a part of this determina- tion, a financial institution or creditor must conduct a risk assessment to de- termine whether it offers or maintains covered accounts described in para- graph (b)(3)(ii) of this section, taking into consideration:
(1) The methods it provides to open its accounts;
(2) The methods it provides to access its accounts; and
(3) Its previous experiences with iden- tity theft.
(d) Establishment of an Identity Theft Prevention Program—(1) Program require- ment. Each financial institution or creditor that offers or maintains one or more covered accounts must develop and implement a written Identity Theft Prevention Program (Program) that is designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of a covered account or any existing covered account. The Program must be appropriate to the size and complexity of the financial in- stitution or creditor and the nature and scope of its activities.
(2) Elements of the Program. The Pro- gram must include reasonable policies and procedures to:
(i) Identify relevant Red Flags for the covered accounts that the financial in- stitution or creditor offers or main- tains, and incorporate those Red Flags into its Program;
(ii) Detect Red Flags that have been incorporated into the Program of the financial institution or creditor;
(iii) Respond appropriately to any Red Flags that are detected pursuant to paragraph (d)(2)(ii) of this section to prevent and mitigate identity theft; and
(iv) Ensure the Program (including the Red Flags determined to be rel- evant) is updated periodically, to re- flect changes in risks to customers and to the safety and soundness of the fi- nancial institution or creditor from identity theft.
(e) Administration of the Program. Each financial institution or creditor that is required to implement a Pro- gram must provide for the continued administration of the Program and must:
(1) Obtain approval of the initial written Program from either its board of directors or an appropriate com- mittee of the board of directors;
(2) Involve the board of directors, an appropriate committee of the board, or a designated employee at the level of senior management in the oversight, development, implementation and ad- ministration of the Program;
(3) Train staff, as necessary, to effec- tively implement the Program; and 
(4) Exercise appropriate and effective oversight of service provider arrange- ments.
(f) Guidelines. Each financial institu-tion or creditor that is required to imple-ment a Program must consider the guidelines in appendix A of this part and include in its Program those guide- lines that are appropriate.
[74 FR 22645, May 14, 2009]


§ 681.2 Duties of card issuers regard-ing changes of address.
(a) Scope. This section applies to a person described in § 681.1(a) that issues a debit or credit card (card issuer).
(b) Definitions. For purposes of this section:
(1) Cardholder means a consumer who has been issued a credit or debit card.
(2) Clear and conspicuous means rea- sonably understandable and designed to call attention to the nature and sig- nificance of the information presented.
(c) Address validation requirements. A card issuer must establish and imple- ment reasonable policies and proce- dures to assess the validity of a change of address if it receives notification of
Pt. 681, App. A

16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

a change of address for a consumer’s debit or credit card account and, within a short period of time afterwards (during at least the first 30 days after it receives such notification, the card issuer receive a request for an additional or replacement card for the same account. Under these circumstances, the card issuer may not issue an additional or replacement card, until, in accordance with its reasonable policies and procedures and for the purpose of assessing the validity of the change of address, the card issuer:

(1)(i) Notifies the cardholder of the request:
    (A) At the cardholder’s former address; or
    (B) By any other means of communication that the card issuer and the cardholder have previously agreed to use; and
(ii) Provides to the cardholder a reasonable means of promptly reporting incorrect address changes; or

(2) Otherwise assesses the validity of the change of address in accordance with the policies and procedures the card issuer has established pursuant to §681.1 of this part.
(d) Alternate timing of address validation. A card issuer may satisfy the requirements of paragraph (c)(i) of this section if it validates an address pursuant to the methods in paragraph (c)(i) or (c)(2) of this section when it receives an address change notification, before it receives a request for an additional or replacement card.

(e) Form of notice. Any written or electronic notice that the card issuer provides under this paragraph must be clear and conspicuous and provided separately from its regular correspondence with the cardholder.

[74 FR 22646, May 14, 2009]

APPENDIX A TO PART 681—INTERAGENCY GUIDELINES ON IDENTITY THEFT DETECTION, PREVENTION, AND MITIGATION

Section 681.1 of this part requires each financial institution and creditor that offers or maintains one or more covered accounts, as defined in §681.1(b)(3) of this part, to develop and provide for the continued administration of a written Program to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of a covered account or any existing covered account. These guidelines are intended to assist financial institutions and creditors in the formation and maintenance of a Program that satisfies the requirements of §681.1 of this part.

I. The Progran 

In designing its Program, a financial institution or creditor may incorporate, as appropriate, its existing policies, procedures, and other arrangements that control reasonably forseeable risks to customers or to the safety and soundness of the financial institution or creditor from identity theft.

II. Identifying Relevant Red Flags

(a) Risk Factors. A financial institution or creditor should consider the following factors in identifying relevant Red Flags for covered accounts, as appropriate:
(1) The types of covered accounts it offers or maintains;
(2) The methods it provides to open its covered accounts;
(3) The methods it provides to access its covered accounts; and
(4) Its previous experience with identity theft.

(b) Sources of Red Flags. Financial institutions and creditors should incorporate relevant Red Flags from sources such as:
(1) Incidents of identity theft that the financial institution or creditor has experienced;
(2) Methods of identity theft that the financial institution or creditor has identified that reflect changes in identity theft risks; and
(3) Applicable supervisory guidance.

(c) Categories of Red Flags. The Program should include relevant Red Flags from the following categories, as appropriate. Examples of Red Flags from each of these categories are appended as supplement A to this appendix A.
(1) Alerts, notifications, or other warnings received from consumer reporting agencies or service providers, such as fraud detection services;
(2) The presentation of suspicious documents;
(3) The presentation of suspicious personal identifying information, such as a suspicious address change;
(4) The unusual use of, or other suspicious activity related to, a covered account; and
(5) Notice from customers, victims of identity theft, law enforcement authorities, or other persons regarding possible identity theft in connection with covered accounts held by the financial institution or creditor.

III. Detecting Red Flags

The Program’s policies and procedures should address the detection of Red Flags in
Federal Trade Commission                                                                       Pt. 681, App. A

connection with the opening of covered ac-        (d) Changes in the types of accounts that 
counts and existing covered accounts, such        the financial institution or creditor offers or 
as by:                                                                            maintains; and
(a) Obtaining identifying information             (e) Changes in the business arrangements 
about, and verifying the identity of, a person    of the financial institution or creditor, in-
opening a covered account, for example,     including mergers, acquisitions, alliances, 
using the policies and procedures regarding      joint ventures, and service provider arrange-
identification and verification set forth in          ments.
the Customer Identification Program rules 
implementing 31 U.S.C. 5318(l) (31 CFR      VI. Methods for Administering the Program 
103.121); and 
(b) Authenticating customers, monitoring         (a) Oversight of Program. Oversight by the 
transactions, and verifying the validity of          board of directors, an appropriate committee 
change of address requests, in the case of ex-        of the board, or a designated employee at the 
isting covered accounts.                               level of senior management should include:
(1) Assigning specific responsibility for the 
IV. Preventing and Mitigating Identity Theft      Program's implementation; 
                                                    (2) Reviewing reports prepared by staff re-
The Program's policies and procedures              garding compliance by the financial institu-
should provide for appropriate responses to         tion or creditor with §681.1 of this part; and 
the Red Flags the financial institution or             (3) Approving material changes to the Pro-
creditor has detected that are commensurate    gram as necessary to address changing iden-
with the degree of risk posed. In determining      tity theft risks.
an appropriate response, a financial institu-           (b) Reports. (1) In general. Staff of the finan-
tion or creditor should consider aggravating        cial institution or creditor responsible for 
factors that may heighten the risk of iden-        development, implementation, and adminis-
tity theft, such as a data security incident          tration of its Program should report to the 
that results in unauthorized access to a cus-        board of directors, an appropriate committee 
tomer's account records held by the financial    of the board, or a designated employee at the 
institution or creditor, or notice that a cus-        level of senior management, at least annu-
tomer has provided personally identifying          ally, on compliance by the financial institu-
information related to a covered account be-        tion or creditor with §681.1 of this part. 
ing accessed or used by an unauthorized per-        (2) Contents of report. The report should ad-
son, or that the financial institution or creditor    dress material matters related to the Pro-
has provided information related to a             gram and evaluate issues such as: The effec-
covered account to someone fraudulently             tiveness of the policies and procedures of the 
claiming to be the customer. Appropriate re-        financial institution or creditor in address-
sponses may include the following:                        ing the risk of identity theft in connection 
(a) Monitoring a covered account for evi-     with the opening of covered accounts and 
dence of identity theft;                                   with respect to existing covered accounts; 
(b) Contacting the customer;                               service provider arrangements; significant 
(c) Changing any passwords, security                incidents involving identity theft and man-
codes, or other security devices that permit       agement's response; and recommendations 
access to a covered account;                               for material changes to the Program.
(d) Reopening a covered account with a              (c) Oversight of service provider arrange-
new account number;                                       ments. Whenever a financial institution or 
(e) Not opening a new covered account;             creditor engages a service provider to per-
(f) Closing an existing covered account;               form an activity in connection with one or 
(g) Not attempting to collect on a covered        more covered accounts the financial institu- 
account or not selling a covered account to         tion or creditor should take steps to ensure 
a debt collector;                                             that the activity of the service provider is
(h) Notifying law enforcement; or                      conducted in accordance with reasonable 
(i) Determining that no response is war-            policies and procedures designed to detect, 
ranted under the particular circumstances.       prevent, and mitigate the risk of identity 
                                                         theft. For example, a financial institution 
V. Updating the Program                                    or creditor could require the service provider 
                                                        by contract to have policies and procedures 
Financial institutions and creditors should      to detect relevant Red Flags that may arise 
update the Program (including the Red Flags   in the performance of the service provider's 
determined to be relevant) periodically, to          activities, and either report the Red Flags to 
reflect changes in risks to customers or to           the financial institution or creditor, or to 
the safety and soundness of the financial in-      take appropriate steps to prevent or miti-
stitution or creditor from identity theft,              gate identity theft.
based on factors such as:                                   
(a) The experiences of the financial institu-
tion or creditor with identity theft;
(b) Changes in methods of identity theft; 
(c) Changes in methods to detect, prevent, 
and mitigate identity theft; 

                                                                                                                      621
Pt. 681, App. A

16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

VII. Other Applicable Legal Requirements

Financial institutions and creditors should be mindful of other related legal requirements that may be applicable, such as:

(a) For financial institutions and creditors that are subject to 31 U.S.C. 5318(g), filing a Suspicious Activity Report in accordance with applicable law and regulation;

(b) Implementing any requirements under 15 U.S.C. 1681c-1(h) regarding the circumstances under which credit may be extended when the financial institution or creditor detects a fraud or active duty alert;

(c) Implementing any requirements for furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies under 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2, for example, to correct or update inaccurate or incomplete information, and to not report information that the furnisher has reasonable cause to believe is inaccurate; and

(d) Complying with the prohibitions in 15 U.S.C.1681m on the sale, transfer, and placement for collection of certain debts resulting from identity theft.

Supplement A to Appendix A

In addition to incorporating Red Flags from the sources recommended in section II.b. of the Guidelines in appendix A of this part, each financial institution or creditor may consider incorporating into its Program, whether singly or in combination, Red Flags from the following illustrative examples in connection with covered accounts:

Alerts, Notifications or Warnings from a Consumer Reporting Agency

1. A fraud or active duty alert is included with a consumer report.

2. A consumer reporting agency provides a notice of credit freeze in response to a request for a consumer report.

3. A consumer reporting agency provides a notice of address discrepancy, as defined in § 611(b) of this part.

4. A consumer report indicates a pattern of activity that is inconsistent with the history and usual pattern of activity of an applicant or customer, such as:

a. A recent and significant increase in the volume of inquiries;

b. An unusual number of recently established credit relationships;

c. A material change in the use of credit, especially with respect to recently established credit relationships; or

d. An account that was closed for cause or identified for abuse of account privileges by a financial institution or creditor.

Suspicious Documents

5. Documents provided for identification appear to have been altered or forged.

6. The photograph or physical description on the identification is not consistent with the appearance of the applicant or customer presenting the identification.

7. Other information on the identification is not consistent with information provided by the person opening a new covered account or customer presenting the identification.

8. Other information on the identification is not consistent with readily accessible information that is on file with the financial institution or creditor, such as a signature card or a recent check.

9. An application appears to have been altered or forged, or gives the appearance of having been destroyed and reassembled.

Suspicious Personal Identifying Information

10. Personal identifying information provided is inconsistent when compared against external information sources used by the financial institution or creditor. For example:

a. The address does not match any address in the consumer report; or

b. The Social Security Number (SSN) has not been issued, or is listed on the Social Security Administration's Death Master File.

11. Personal identifying information provided by the customer is not consistent with other personal identifying information provided by the customer. For example, there is a lack of correlation between the SSN range and date of birth.

12. Personal identifying information provided is associated with known fraudulent activity as indicated by internal or third-party sources used by the financial institution or creditor. For example:

a. The address on an application is the same as the address provided on a fraudulent application; or

b. The phone number on an application is the same as the number provided on a fraudulent application.

13. Personal identifying information provided is of a type commonly associated with fraudulent activity as indicated by internal or third-party sources used by the financial institution or creditor. For example:

a. The address on an application is fictitious, a mail drop, or a prison; or

b. The phone number is invalid, or is associated with a pager or answering service.

14. The SSN provided is the same as that submitted by other persons opening an account or other customers.

15. The address or telephone numbers provided is the same as or similar to the address or telephone number submitted by an unusually large number of other persons opening accounts or by other customers.

16. The person opening the covered account or the customer fails to provide all required personal identifying information on an application or in response to notification that the application is incomplete.

622
Federal Trade Commission

17. Personal identifying information provided is not consistent with personal identifying information that is on file with the financial institution or creditor.

18. For financial institutions and creditors that use challenge questions, the person opening the covered account or the customer cannot provide authenticating information beyond that which generally would be available from a wallet or consumer report.

Unusual Use of, or Suspicious Activity Related to, the Covered Account

19. Shortly following the notice of a change of address for a covered account, the institution or creditor receives a request for a new, additional, or replacement card or a cell phone, or for the addition of authorized users on the account.

20. A new revolving credit account is used in a manner commonly associated with known patterns of fraud. For example:
a. The majority of available credit is used for cash advances or merchandise that is easily convertible to cash (e.g., electronics equipment or jewelry); or
b. The customer fails to make the first payment or makes an initial payment but no subsequent payments.
21. A covered account is used in a manner that is not consistent with established patterns of activity on the account. There is, for example;
a. Nonpayment when there is no history of late or missed payments;
b. A material increase in the use of available credit;
c. A material change in purchasing or spending patterns;
d. A material change in electronic fund transfer patterns in connection with a deposit account; or
e. A material change in telephone call patterns in connection with a cellular phone account.
22. A covered account that has been inactive for a reasonably lengthy period of time is used (taking into consideration the type of account, the expected pattern of usage and other relevant factors).
23. Mail sent to the customer is returned repeatedly as undeliverable although transactions continue to be conducted in connection with the customer’s covered account.
24. The financial institution or creditor is notified that the customer is not receiving paper account statements.
25. The financial institution or creditor is notified of unauthorized charges or transactions in connection with a customer’s covered account.

Notice from Customers, Victims of identity Theft, Law Enforcement Authorities, or Other Persons Regarding Possible Identity Theft in Connection With Covered Accounts held by the Financial Institution or Creditor

26. The financial institution or creditor is notified by a customer, a victim of identity theft, a law enforcement authority, or any other person that it has opened a fraudulent account for a person engaged in identity theft.

[72 FR 63771, Nov. 9, 2007, as amended at 74 PR 22656, May 14, 2009]

PART 682—DISPOSAL OF CONSUMER REPORT INFORMATION AND RECORDS

Sec.
682.1 Definitions.
682.2 Purpose and scope.
682.3 Proper disposal of consumer information.
682.4 Relation to other laws.
682.5 Effective date.

AUTHORITY: Pub. L. 108-159, sec. 216.

SOURCE: 69 FR 68697, Nov. 24, 2004, unless otherwise noted.

§ 682.1 Definitions.
(a) In general. Except as modified by this part or unless the context otherwise requires, the terms used in this part have the same meaning as set forth in the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.
(b) “Consumer information” means any record about an individual, whether in paper, electronic, or other form, that is a consumer report, or is derived from a consumer report. Consumer information also means a compilation of such records. Consumer information does not include information that does not identify individuals, such as aggregate information or blind data.
(c) “Dispose,” “disposing,” or “disposal” means:
(1) The discarding or abandonment of consumer information, or
(2) The sale, donation, or transfer of any medium, including computer equipment, upon which consumer information is stored.

§ 682.2 Purpose and scope.
(a) Purpose. This part (“rule”) implements section 216 of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, also
§ 682.3 Proper disposal of consumer information.

(a) Standard. Any person who maintains or otherwise possesses consumer information for a business purpose must properly dispose of such information by taking reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of information in connection with its disposal.

(b) Examples. Reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of consumer information in connection with its disposal include the following examples. These examples are illustrative only and are not exclusive or exhaustive methods for complying with the rule in this part.

(1) Implementing and monitoring compliance with policies and procedures that require the burning, pulverizing, or shredding of papers containing consumer information so that the information cannot practicably be read or reconstructed.

(2) Implementing and monitoring compliance with policies and procedures that require the destruction or erasure of electronic media containing consumer information so that the information cannot practicably be read or reconstructed.

(3) After due diligence, entering into and monitoring compliance with a contract with another party engaged in the business of record destruction to dispose of material, specifically identified as consumer information, in a manner consistent with this rule. In this context, due diligence could include reviewing an independent audit of the disposal company's operations and/or its compliance with this rule, obtaining information about the disposal company from several references or other reliable sources, requiring that the disposal company be certified by a recognized trade association or similar third party, reviewing and evaluating the disposal company's information security policies or procedures, or taking other appropriate measures to determine the competency and integrity of the potential disposal company.

(4) For persons or entities who maintain or otherwise possess consumer information through their provision of services directly to a person subject to this part, implementing and monitoring compliance with policies and procedures that protect against unauthorized or unintentional disposal of consumer information, and disposing of such information in accordance with examples (b)(1) and (2) of this section.

(5) For persons subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq., and the Federal Trade Commission's Standards for Safeguarding Consumer Information, 16 CFR part 314 ("Safeguards Rule"), incorporating proper disposal of consumer information as required by this rule into the information security program required by the Safeguards Rule.

§ 682.4 Relation to other laws.

Nothing in the rule in this part shall be construed:

(a) To require a person to maintain or destroy any record pertaining to a consumer that is not imposed under other law; or

(b) To alter or affect any requirement imposed under any other provision of law to maintain or destroy such a record.

§ 682.5 Effective date.

The rule in this part is effective on June 1, 2005.

PART 698 - MODEL FORMS AND DISCLOSURES

Sec.
698.1 Authority and purpose.
698.2 Legal effect.
698.3 Definitions

APPENDIX A TO PART 698—MODEL PRESCREEN OPT-OUT NOTICES
APPENDIX B TO PART 698—MODEL FORMS FOR RISK-BASED PRICING AND CREDIT SCORE DISCLOSURE EXCEPTION NOTICES
APPENDIX C TO PART 698—MODEL FORMS FOR AFFILIATE MARKETING OPT-OUT NOTICES

16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)
624
Federal Trade Commission

APPENDIX D TO PART 698 — STANDARDIZED FORM FOR REQUESTING FREE FILE DISCLOSURE.
APPENDIX E TO PART 698 — SUMMARY OF CONSUMER IDENTITY THEFT RIGHTS.
APPENDIX F TO PART 698 — GENERAL SUMMARY OF CONSUMER RIGHTS.
APPENDIX G TO PART 698 — NOTICE OF FURNISHER RESPONSIBILITIES.
APPENDIX H TO PART 698 — NOTICE OF USER RESPONSIBILITIES.

AUTHORITY: 15 U.S.C. 1681e, 1681g, 1681j, 1681m, 1681s, and 1681s-3; Public Law 108-159, sections 211(d), 214(b), and 311; 17 Stat. 1952.

SOURCE: 69 FR 35500, June 24, 2004 unless otherwise noted.

§698.1 Authority and purpose.  
(a) Authority. This part is issued by
the Commission pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Fair Credit Reporting Act
(15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), as amended by
the Consumer Credit Reporting Reform
Act of 1996 (Title II, Subtitle D, Chap-
ter 1, of the Omnibus Consolidated Ap-
propriations Act for Fiscal Year 1997),
Public Law 104-208, 110 Stat. 3009-426
(Sept. 30, 1996), and the Fair and Accu-
rate Credit Transactions Act of 2003,
Public Law 108-159, 117 Stat. 1952 (Dec.
4, 2003).  
(b) Purpose. The purpose of this part
is to comply with sections 607(d), 609(c),
609(d), 612(a), 615(d), 615(h) and 624 of
the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as
amended by the Fair and Accurate
Credit Transactions Act of 2003, and
sections 211(d) and 214(b) of the Fair

and Accurate Credit Transactions Act
of 2003.

[69 FR 69784, Nov. 30, 2004, as amended at 70
FR 5032, Jan. 31, 2005; 72 FR 61463, Oct. 30,
2007; 75 FR 276, Jan. 15, 2010]


§698.2 Legal effect.  
These model forms and disclosures
prescribed by the FTC do not con-
stitute a trade regulation rule. The
issuance of the model forms and disclo-
sures set forth below carries out the di-
rective in the statute that the FTC
prescribe these forms and disclosures.
Use or distribution of these model
forms and disclosures will constitute
compliance with any section or sub-
section of the FCRA requiring that
such forms and disclosures be used
or supplied to any person.

[69 FR 69784, Nov. 30, 2004]


§698.3 Definitions.  
As used in this part, unless otherwise
provided:  
(a) Substantially similar means that
all information in the Commission’s
prescribed model is included in the doc-
ument that is distributed, and that the
document distributed is formatted in a
way consistent with the format pre-
scribed by the Commission. The docu-
ment that is distributed shall not in-
clude anything that interferes with, de-
tracts from, or otherwise undermines
the information contained in the Com-
mission’s prescribed model.

[69 FR 69784, Nov. 30, 2004]
Pt. 698, App. A

16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

APPENDIX A TO PART 698--MODEL PRESCREEN OPT-OUT NOTICES
In order to comply with part 642 of this title, the following model noties may be used:
(a) English language model notice--(1) Short notice.

Here's a Line About Credit

Dear Ms. Name,

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century. we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way the way people do things.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set to to create a smart kind of credit a smart kind of credit card.

So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card.

We saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology.

Sincerely,

John W. Doe
President, Credit Card Company

You can choose to stop receiving "prescreened" offers of [credit or insurance] from this and other companies by calling toll-free [toll-free number]. See PRESCREEN & OPT-OUT NOTICE on other side [or other location] for more information about prescreened offers.
Federal Trade Commission                                                   Pt. 698, App. A

(2) Long notice. 
         
Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a new smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.


Percent
Rate for

Other ABCs

Variable rate material

 Grace or reports fee

Computing the amount that.

Annual Fee

Usual Piece Finance Charge

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card.

Back in the jot long ago:, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we went out to ... of endedit card.

Back in the last century, we saw how technology.


Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the, last century, we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing. the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the. way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing they' way people do things. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology, was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out, to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last, century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart;l kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So's we set out to create a smart kind of credit card, Back in the last[ century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the. last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing changing the way people do things. So we. set out to create a smart kind of end of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing. the way Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing they way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was. changing the way people do things. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way, people do things. Back in the last century we saw how technology was changing the way people do things, Back in the last century, we saw. Back in the tech century we saw, how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set, out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit cad.' Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out create a.smaxt kind ol.credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way



insurance and how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we
his Amount is based in information your credit repot
Act there is a smart kind of credit card:.

Back in the last;century. we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back int the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.



PRESENTED AFTER OBLIGATION: This "represented" offer (if credit or insurance) is based on information in your credit report indicating that you meet certain criteria. This offer is not guaranteed if you do not meet our criteria [involving providing acceptable property as collateral,] if you do not furnish. the required collateral, verification of the application information iff our evaluations show that your income, credit worthiness or other conditions), no longer meet out predefined criteria.



Notice to Home Residents: In a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we@ saw how technology was changing the way. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things. So we set out to create a smart kind of end of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw ho*w technology was changing the way people do things. So we'set out to create a smart kind of credit card. Back in the last century, we saw how technology was changing the way people do things.
Pt. 698, App. A                                                                                             16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

(b) Spanish language model notice—(1) Short notice.

                                                                             Aquí están líneas crédito

                                                                                 0000 0000 0000 0000
                                                                                       J.S. NOMBRE
                                                                                             00/06

J.S. Nombre
1234 Calle Almisosa
Ciudad, ST 12345

Estimada Señora Nombre:

En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente, vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente. Vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas.

Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente. Vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estába cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente, vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas.

Vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente, vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas.

Vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiado la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente, vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas.

Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente. Vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente. Vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas.

Sinceramente,

John W. Doe
Presidente, Compañía

Usted puede elegir no recibir más “ofertas de [crédito o seguro] pre-investigadas” de esta y otras compañías llamando sin cargo al [número sin cargo]. Ver la NOTIFICACIÓN DE PRE-INVESTIGACIÓN Y EXCLUSIÓN VOLUNTARIA al otro lado de esta página [o en otro lugar] para más información sobre ofertas pre-investigadas.

                                                                                                     628
Federal Trade Commission

(2) Long notice.
En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente, vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hacia las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente.
 
(Aquí están         Aquí Están

Protección                  Programa de           Su Balance               Sin Cuota                 Protección                  Recompensas              Sin Cuota
Contra Fraude             Recompensas        Paga                       Mensual                 Contra Fraude              Sin Cuenta                  Mensual
                                             
En el siglo pasado       Vimos como la         En el siglo pasodo        Así que creamos         En el siglo pasado         Asi qué creamos.          Vimos como 
vimos como la            tecnología estaba      vimos como la             tarjeta de crédito        vimos como la              la tecnología                la tecnologia
tecnología                  cambiando la            tecnología estaba        inteligente,              tecnología                   estaba cambiando        estaba 
estaba                       manera en que la       cambiando la             Vimos como la             estaba cambiando         la manera en
cambiando la         .      gente hace las            tecnología esta          manera en que la      la manera en                que la gente
manera en que la         cosas.                      cambiando la             gente hace las           que la gente                      hace las cosas.
gente hace las                                            manera en que la          cosas. Así que                hace las cosas.             cosas.
cosas.                                                      gente promos              creemos.                      hace las cosas.
                                                                                       cosas. Así que
                                                                                       creemos.)        
                                                                                           
En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente, vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hacia las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos una tarjeta de crédito inteligente.
  
En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnología estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. En el siglo pasado vivimos como la tecnologia estabacambiando la manera en que la gente hace last cosas. Asi que creamos una tarjeta de credito inteligente.Vimos como la tecnologia estaba canhiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosas. Así que creamos uha7 tarjeta de credito inteligente Vimos inmo la tecnologia esta ba canbiando la manera en que la gente hace IUS cosas. (Enelso pa sadu- vimos Roenatecnologia estaDa canbiand la manera en que ia gente bace las COSas vimos como latecnoiogia estaba cuan Dian da la nan e al eue hgente ha celas casas. En el sigio pas ado vmos como Iatecnologiaestaba cambian d la manera enque lagente hace las casas Asi quecreamosunatarjeta decrcdito inteli gente.

- Esta cert.
En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecno18gia estabacambiando maneras queagente hace las cosas. Asi que creamos una tarJetadecredito Inte11gente, v i moscorolatecnologia esta bacna ndo l amaneraen que aente hac las
 cos as. Enel sig10 pasado vimos comolatecnoiogia estaba canmando Ia i maneiraenquela enie h c c las casas Asi Que creamos una tarjetadecred itolnte111gente v mos como la tecnologia estaca canbiando Iamaneraenquecasi enie hac 1 as cosas En  cult
vims no la trnlogia ca anod laraene na camo la Tecnoloprade credito mente, cm vecomo uma, s entelhantemos, lenl glosqec casas. las zaner n via ao vims come Inoeovnos nlemos. cosmo ener ced, cre. cosmo lo mas. en maneria la em. visto co  casas. 
  
TERMINOS Y CONDICIONES
En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecnologia estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las cosa s. Asi que emos una , pues AlVs como la 
inteligente,vimos como la tecnologia estaba cambiando la manera en que la gente hacia las cosas. En el siglo pasado vimos como la tecniologia estaba
cambiando la manera en que la gente hace las Co sas. Asi que creamos unatarjeta de credito intelg agnte vimos como la tecno litela como camb ara Ia emb 
vissso scimo la tecnoloagiaestaba c amhiante last evosemos co mos comenottios eccosoEnovamos sectnriologia em cambiarast lasc mas. En laestgentemos tecn caiestloneotemcosce laetnoog sto casa terloasemb sunenos EnelStayeo
Ennn laenamte imosco La te anomalos estanba cmo oa loeneb oseolecomocoletet nieestaoomcmena asco tan le hatencanaleo lsas omenscom esto comoa latamano
En el siglo pasado vimos como la te no logiaest a ba camuando la maneraen quen ha gentehace las cosasy. Aulemm,, Bcreamos unatarjeta   lo
inteligentevimoscomolatecnolo9ia estaba camb1ando la manera en que la gente hacia las COS as.,en'nt secntun

o~,nn,),1t11nl~1nl11 alt,,v1 ,cs,s3~,:sc ,sealecsonleca sca1nn ieenttmsctteat,,iaPr.,tec1onos.
En el sigilip oznotas v1mos. coino latecnologia estba cambiando la manera en que ha gente hace las cosas. Enol siglo pu HTML+ wi l

 NOTIFICATION DE PEDIR INVESTIGACION Y EXCLUSION VOLUNTARIA: Esta carta de [credito /seguro] est as basada en la informacion que
colminalms en su informe de cradito al dizca de use usted sugiuramos como ulcara s infer. eligico, interparada de sicumdon de tener
prZero, Preblemas septital y grante, SidadO ustedes quired unrg De nuestros ceftes, ortostermelariedad esta garantizada .Su usted no
prooresierd coneforta de dare de seguir Investigando; cretedit adsecutivamente si lla t tecnologias estaba camdlando da maneer en que le
acender inform formato de, de so leiDe Prudutotemporal /investigϲiones en el modod /Inamic, loacept Sidad  ust acadiera demante De Hacen derechert de la manera
de montando informes de commun idad y direcciones de alxnttemporary credinal mnfermos

 Enelsiglopasado vimscomo latechlo logiaestaba cambi ando la maneras que la gente hace las cosas . Asi que creamos una tarjetade credito interigent
 vimos como la tecnologia estaba canbiando la ma nera en que la genta hacia las cosas. Vimos como la tocnologia eataba cambiando la manera 
 cusrfos aceo. gente hace las cosas.
epteo
Pt. 698, App. B                                                                                                  16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

[70 FR 5033, Jan. 31, 2005]

APPENDIX B TO PART 698—MODEL FORMS FOR RISK-BASED PRICING AND CREDIT SCORE DISCLOSURE EXCEPTION NOTICES

1. This appendix contains two model forms for risk-based pricing notices and three model forms for use in connection with the credit score disclosure exceptions. Each of the model forms is designated for use in a particular set of circumstances as indicated by the title of that model form.
2. Model form B-1 is for use in complying with the general risk-based pricing notice requirements in §640.3. Model form B-2 is for risk-based pricing notices given in connection with account review. Model form B-3 is for use in connection with the credit score disclosure exception for loans secured by residential real property. Model form B-4 is for loans secured by residential real property. Model form B-5 is for use in connection with the credit score disclosure exception when no credit score is available for a consumer. All forms contained in this appendix are models; their use is optional.
3. A person may change the forms by rearranging the format or by making technical modifications to the language of the forms, in each case without modifying the substance of the disclosures. Any such rearrangement or modification of the language of the model forms may not be so extensive as to materially affect the substance, clarity, comprehensibility, or meaningful sequence of the forms. Persons making revisions with that effect will lose the benefit of the safe harbor for appropriate use of Appendix B model forms. A person is not required to conduct consumer testing when rearranging the format of the model forms.
  a. Acceptable changes include, for example:
   i. Corrections or updates to telephone numbers, mailing addresses, or web site addresses that may change over time.
   ii. the addition of graphics or icons, such as the person’s corporate logo.
   iii. Alteration of the shading or color contained in the model forms.
   iv. Use of a different form of graphical presentation to depict the distribution of credit scores.
   v. Substitution of the words “credit” and “credit or” or “finance” and “finance company” for the terms “loan” and “lender.”
   vi. including pre-printed lists about the sources of consumer reports or consumer reporting agencies in a “check-the-box” format.
   vii. Including the name of the consumer, transaction identification numbers, a date, and other information that will assist in identifying the transaction to which the form pertains.
   viii. Including the name of an agent, such as an auto dealer or other party, when providing the “Name of the Entity Providing the Notice.”
   b. Unacceptable changes include, for example:
    1. Providing model forms on register receipts or interspersed with other disclosures.
    2. Eliminating empty lines and extra spaces between sentences within the same section.
4. If a person uses an appropriate Appendix B model form, or modifies a form in accordance with the above instructions, that person shall be deemed to be acting in compliance with the provisions of §640.4 or §640.5, as applicable, of this regulation. It is intended that appropriate use of Model Form B-3 also will comply with the disclosure that may be required under section 609(g) of the FCRA.
  a. B-1 Model form for risk-based pricing notice.
  b B-2 Model form for account review risk-based pricing number.
  c. B-3 Model form for credit score disclosure exception for credit secured by one to four units of residential real property.
  d. B-4 Model form for credit score disclosure exception for loans not secured by residential real property.
  e. B-5 Model form for credit score disclosure exception for loans where credit score is not available.

                                                                                                                          630
Federal Trade Commission

B-1. Model form for risk-based pricing notice

[Name of Entity Providing the Notice]
Your Credit Report(s) and the Price You Pay for Credit

What is a credit report?
A credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors.

How did we use your credit report(s)?
We used information from your credit report(s) to set the terms of the credit we are offering you, such as the [Annual Percentage Rate/down payment].

The terms offered to you may be less favorable than the terms offered to consumers who have better credit histories.

What if there are mistakes in your credit report(s)?
You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report(s).

If you find mistakes on your credit report(s), contact [insert name of CRA(s)], which [is/are] the [consumer reporting agencies/consumer reporting agencies] from which we obtained your credit report(s).

It is a good idea to check your credit report(s) to make sure the information [it contains/they contain] is accurate.

How can you obtain a copy of your credit report(s)?
Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a copy of your credit report(s) without charge for 60 days after you receive this notice. To obtain your free report(s), contact [insert name of CRA(s)]:

By telephone: ________________ Call toll-free: 1-877-xxx-xxxx

By mail: ________________ Mail your written request to:
[Insert address]

On the web: ________________ Visit [insert web site address]

How can you get more information about credit reports?
For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Federal Reserve Board's web site at www.federalreserve.gov, or the Federal Trade Commission's web site at www.ftc.gov.

631
Pt. 698, App. B

16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

B–2. Model form for account review risk-based pricing notice

[Name of Entity Providing the Notice]
Your Credit Report[s] and the Pricing of Your Account

What is a credit report?
A credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors.

How did we use your credit report[s]?
We have used information from your credit report[s] to review the terms of your account with us.

Based on our review of your credit report[s], we have increased the annual percentage rate on your account.

What if there are mistakes in your credit report[s]?
You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report[s].

If you find mistakes on your credit report[s], contact [insert name of CRA(s)], which [is/are] a consumer reporting agency[consumer reporting agencies] from which we obtained your credit report[s].

It is a good idea to check your credit report[s] to make sure the information [it contains/they contain] is accurate.

How can you obtain a copy of your credit report[s]?
Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a copy of your credit report[s] without charge for 60 days after you receive this notice. To obtain your free report[s], contact [insert name of CRA(s)]:

By telephone: __________ Call toll-free: 1-877-xxx-xxxx

By mail: __________ Mail your written request to:
        [Insert address]

On the web: __________ Visit [insert web site address]

How can you get more information about credit reports?
For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Federal Reserve Board's web site at www.federalreserve.gov, or the Federal Trade Commission's Web site at www.ftc.gov.

632
Federal Trade Commission

Pt. 698, App. B 

B-3. Model form for credit score disclosure exception for loans secured by one to four units of residential real property

[Name of Entity Providing the Notice] Your Credit Score and the Price You Pay for Credit

Your Credit Score

Your credit score
[Insert credit score]
Source: [Insert source] Date: [Insert date score was created]

Understanding Your Credit Score

What you should know about credit scores
Your credit score is a number that reflects the information in your credit report.

Your credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors.

Your credit score can change, depending on how your credit history changes.

How we use your credit score
Your credit score can affect whether you can get a loan and how much you will have to pay for that loan.

The range of scores
Scores range from a low of [Insert bottom number in the range] to a high of [Insert top number in the range].

Generally, the higher your score, the more likely you are to be offered better credit terms.

How your score compares to the scores of other consumers

[or] [Your credit score ranks higher than [x] percent of U.S. consumers.]
Pt. 698, App. B                                                                                  16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

Understanding Your Credit Score (continued)

Key factors that [Insert first factor]
adversely affected [Insert second factor]
your credit score [Insert third factor]
                               [Insert fourth factor]
                               [Insert fifth factor, if applicable]

Checking Your Credit Report

What if there are                     You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you
mistakes in your                     find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency.
credit report?
                                            It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.

How can you obtain                  Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from
a copy of your credit               each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year.
report?
                                             To order your free annual credit report—

                                    By telephone: Call toll-free: 1–877–322–8228

                                    On the web: Visit www.annualcreditreport.com

                                    By mail: Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which
                                    you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission’s web site at
                                    http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/credit/reports.shtm) to:

                                    Annual Credit Report Request Service
                                    P.O. Box 105281
                                    Atlanta, GA 30348–5281                                                         

How can you get                     For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the
more information?                     Federal Reserve Board’s web site at www.federalreserve.gov, or the Federal Trade
                                          Commission’s web site at www.ftc.gov.

Notice to the Home Loan Applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

          In connection with your application for a home loan, the lender must disclose to you the score that a
consumer reporting agency distributed to users and the lender used in connection with your home loan, and the key
factors affecting your credit scores.

          The credit score is a computer generated summary calculated at the time of the request and based on
information that a consumer reporting agency or lender has on file. The scores are based on data about your credit
history and payment patterns. Credit scores are important because they are used to assist the lender in determining
whether you will obtain a loan. They may also be used to determine what interest rate you may be offered on the
mortgage. Credit scores can change over time, depending on your conduct, how your credit history and payment
patterns change, and how credit scoring technologies change.

          Because the score is based on information in your credit history, it is very important that you review the
credit-related information that is being furnished to make sure it is accurate. Credit records may vary from one
company to another.

          If you have questions about your credit score or the credit information that is furnished to you, contact the
consumer reporting agency at the address and telephone number provided with this notice, or contact the lender, if
the lender developed or generated the credit score. The consumer reporting agency plays no part in the decision to
take any action on the loan application and is unable to provide you with specific reasons for the decision on a loan
application.

          If you have questions concerning the terms of the loan, contact the lender.

                                                                                                                                                         634
Federal Trade Commission                                                   Pt. 698, App. B

B-4. Model form for credit score disclosure exception for loans not secured by residential real property

[Name of Entity Providing the Notice]
Your Credit Score and the Price You Pay for Credit

Your Credit Score

Your credit score        [Insert credit score]
Source: [Insert source]        Date: [Insert date score was created]

Understanding Your Credit Score

What you should 
know about credit scores 
Your credit score is a number that reflects the information in your credit report.
Your credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors.
Your credit score can change, depending on how your credit history changes.

How we use your credit score
Your credit score can affect whether you can get a loan and how much you will have to pay for that loan.

The range of scores
Scores range from a low of [Insert bottom number in the range] to a high of [Insert top number in the range].
Generally, the higher your score, the more likely you are to be offered better credit terms.

How your score compares to the scores of other consumers 

[Graph]

[or] [Your credit score ranks higher than [X] percent of U.S. consumers.]
Pt. 698, App. B     16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

Checking Your Credit Report

What if there are mistakes in your credit report? You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency.

It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.

How can you obtain a copy of your credit report? Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year.

To order your free annual credit report—

By telephone: Call toll-free: 1-877-322-8228

On the web: Visit www.annualcreditreport.com

By mail: Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission's web site at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/include/requestformfinal.pdf) to:

Annual Credit Report Request Service
P.O. Box 105281
Atlanta, GA 30348-5281

How can you get more information? For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Federal Reserve Board's web site at www.federalreserve.gov, or the Federal Trade Commission's web site at www.ftc.gov.

636
Federal Trade Commission

Pt. 698, App. B

B-5. Model form for loans where credit score is not available

[Name of Entity Providing the Notice]
Credit Scores and the Price You Pay for Credit

Your Credit Score

Your credit score

Your credit score is not available from [Insert name of CRA], which is a consumer reporting agency, because they may not have enough information about your credit history to calculate a score.

What you should know about credit scores

A credit score is a number that reflects the information in a credit report.

A credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors.

A credit score can change, depending on how a consumer's credit history changes.

Why credit scores are important

Credit scores are important because consumers who have higher credit scores generally will get more favorable credit terms.

Not having a credit score can affect whether you can get a loan and how much you will have to pay for that loan.

Checking Your Credit Report

What if there are mistakes in your credit report?

You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency.

It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.

How can you obtain a copy of your credit report?

Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year.

To order your free annual credit report—

By telephone: Call toll-free: 1-877-322-8228

On the web: Visit www.annualcreditreport.com

By mail: Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission's web site at http://www.ftc.gov/ bcp/conline/include/requestformfinal.pdf) to:

Annual Credit Report Request Service
P.O. Box 105281
Atlanta, GA 30348-5281

How can you get more information?

For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Federal Reserve Board's web site at www.federalreserve.gov, or the Federal Trade Commission's web site at www.ftc.gov.

Pt. 698, App. C

16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

[[75 FR 2776, Jan. 15, 2010]]

APPENDIX C TO PART 698—MODEL FORMS FOR AFFILIATE MARKETING OPT-OUT NOTICES

A. Although use of the model forms is not required, use of the model forms in this appendix (as applicable) complies with the requirement in section 624 of the Act for clear, conspicuous, and concise notices. 

B. Certain changes may be made to the language or format of the model forms without losing the protection from liability afforded by use of the model forms. These changes must not be so extensive as to affect the substance, clarity, or meaningful sequence of the language in the model forms. Persons making such extensive revisions will lose the safe harbor that this appendix provides. Acceptable changes include, for example: 

1. Rearranging the order of the references to “your income,” “your account history,” and “your credit score.” 

2. Substituting other types of information for “income,” “account history,” or “credit score” for accuracy, such as “payment history,” “credit history,” “payoff status,” or “claims history.” 

3. Substituting a clearer and more accurate description of the affiliates providing or covered by the notice for phrases such as “the [ABC] group of companies,” including without limitation a statement that the entity providing the notice recently purchased the consumer’s account. 

4. Substituting other types of affiliates covered by the notice for “credit card,” “insurance,” or “securities” affiliates. 

5. Adding items that are not account or insurance. For example, if a person does not limit the duration of the opt-out period, the notice may omit information about the renewal notice. 

6. Adding a statement informing consumers how much time they have to opt out before shared eligibility information may be used to make solicitations to them. 

7. Adding a statement that the consumer may exercise the right to opt out at any time. 

8. Adding the following statement, if accurate: “If you previously opted out, you do not need to do so again.” 

9. Providing a place on the form for the consumer to write in identifying information, such as his or her name and address. 

10. Adding disclosures regarding the treatment of opt-outs by joint consumers to comply with §680.23(a)(2) of this part 680. 

C-1 Model Form for Initial Opt-out notice (Single-Affiliate Notice) 

C-2 Model Form for Initial Opt-out notice (Joint Notice) 

C-3 Model Form for Renewal Notice (Single-Affiliate Notice) 

C-4 Model Form for Renewal Notice (Joint Notice) 

C-5 Model Form for Voluntary “No Marketing” Notice 

C-1 MODEL FORM FOR INITIAL OPT-OUT NOTICE (SINGLE-AFFILIATE NOTICE)

[YOUR CHOICE TO LIMIT MARKETING][MARKETING OPT-OUT]

— [Name of Affiliate] is providing this notice. 

[Optional: Federal law gives you the right to limit some but not all marketing from our affiliates. Federal law also requires us to give you this notice to tell you about your choice to limit marketing from our affiliates.] 

— You may limit our affiliates in the [ABC] group of companies, such as our [credit card, insurance, and securities] affiliates, from marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we collect and share with them. This information includes your [income], your [account history with us], and your [credit score]. 

— Your choice to limit marketing offers from our affiliates will apply [until you tell us to change your choice][for 5 years from when you tell us your choice][for at least 5 years from when you tell us to change your choice]. [Include if the opt-out period you will receive a renewal notice that will allow you to continue to limit marketing offers from our affiliates for at least another 5 years]. 

—[Include, if applicable, in a subsequent notice, including an annual notice, for consumers who may have previously opted out:] If you have already made a choice to limit marketing offers from our affiliates, you do not need to act again until you receive the renewal notice. 

TO LIMIT MARKETING OFFERS, contact us [include all that apply]:

BY TELEPHONE: 1-877-###-#### 

ON THE WEB: www.--------.com 

BY MAIL: check the box and complete the form below, and send the form to:

[Company name] 

[Company address]  
[Consumer name] 
[Consumer address] 

Do not allow your affiliates to use my personal information to market to me.

C-2 MODEL FORM FOR INITIAL OPT-OUT NOTICE (JOINT NOTICE)

[YOUR CHOICE TO LIMIT MARKETING][MARKETIGN OPT-OUT]

— The [ABC group of companies] is providing this notice.
Federal Trade Commission

Pt. 698, App. C

— [Optional: Federal law gives you the right to limit some but not all marketing from the [ABC] companies. Federal law also requires us to give you this notice to tell you about your choice to limit marketing from the [ABC] companies.]
— You may limit the [ABC] companies, such as the [ABC] credit card, insurance, and securities] affiliates, from marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that they receive from other [ABC] companies. This information includes [your [income], your [account history], and your [credit score].
— Your choice to limit marketing offers from the [ABC] companies will apply [until you tell us to change your choice]/[for x years from when you tell us your choice]/[for at least 5 years from when you tell us your choice]. [Include if the opt-out period expires.] Once the [x years] expire, you will receive a renewal notice that will allow you to continue to limit marketing offers from the [ABC] companies for another [5-year] opt-out period.]
— [Include, if applicable, a subsequent notice, including an annual notice, for consumers who may have previously opted out.] If you have already made a choice to limit marketing offers from the [ABC] companies, you do not need to act again until you receive the renewal notice.

To limit marketing offers, contact us [include all that apply]:
— BY TELEPHONE: 1-877-###-####
— ON THE WEB: www. .com
— BY MAIL: check the box and complete the form below, and send the form to:
[Company name]
[Company address]

[Do not allow any company [in the ABC group of companies] to use my personal information to market to me.]

C-3 Model Form for Renewal Notice (Single-Affiliate Notice)

[RENEWING YOUR CHOICE TO LIMIT MARKETING] [RENEWING YOUR MARKETING OPT-OUT)

— [Name of Affiliate] is providing this notice.
— [Optional: Federal law gives you the right to limit some but not all marketing from our affiliates. Federal law also requires us to give you this notice to tell you about your choice to limit marketing from our affiliates.]
— You previously chose to limit our affiliates in the [ABC] group of companies, such as [ABC] credit card, insurance, and securities] affiliates, from marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we

Continued

share with them. This information includes your [income], your [account history with us], and your [credit score].
— Your choice has expired or is about to expire.

To renew your choice to limit marketing for [x] more years, contact us [include all that apply]:
— By telephone: 1-877-###-####
— On the web: www..com
— By mail: check the box and complete the form below, and send the form to:
[Company name]
[Company address]
o Renew my choice to limit marketing for [x] more years.

C-4 Model Form for Renewal Notice (Joint Notice)

[RENEWING YOUR CHOICE TO LIMIT MARKETING] [RENEWING YOUR MARKETING OPT-OUT]

— The [ABC group of companies] is providing this notice.
— [Optional: Federal law gives you the right to limit some but not all marketing from the [ABC] companies. Federal law also requires us to give you this notice to tell you about your choice to limit marketing from the [ABC] companies.]
— You previously chose to limit the [ABC] companies, such as the [ABC] credit card, insurance, and securities] affiliates, from marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that they receive from other [ABC] companies. This information includes your [income], your [account history], and your [credit score].
— Your choice has expired or is about to expire.

To renew your choice to limit marketing for [x] more years, contact us [include all that apply]:
— By telephone: 1-877-###-####
— On the web: www..com
— By mail: check the box and complete the form below, and send the form to:
[Company name]
[Company address]
o Renew my choice to limit marketing for [x] more years.

C–5—Model Form for Voluntary “No Marketing” Notice

YOUR CHOICE TO STOP MARKETING

— [Name of Affiliate] is providing this notice.
— You may choose to stop all marketing from us and our affiliates to you based on your [income], [account history], and your [credit score].
— Your choice to stop marketing from us and our affiliates will apply until you tell us to change your choice.]
To stop all marketing, contact us [include all that apply]:
— By telephone: 1-877-###-####
639
Pt. 698, App. D

• On the Web: www.___.com
• By mail: Check the box and complete the form below, and send the form to:
[Company name]
[Company address]
_ Do not market to me.
[72 FR 61463, Oct. 30, 2007, as amended at 74 FR 22646, May 14, 2009; 74 FR 32410, July 8, 2009]

APPENDIX D TO PART 698—STANDARDIZED FORM FOR REQUESTING ANNUAL FILE DISCLOSURES.

REQUEST FOR FREE CREDIT REPORT

Note to Consumers: You have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report once every 12 months (also known as an "annual file disclosure"), from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies. Your report may contain information on where you work and live, the credit accounts that have been opened in your name, if you've paid your bills on time, and whether you have been sued, arrested, or have filed for bankruptcy. Businesses use this information in making decisions about whether to offer you credit, insurance, or employment, and on what terms.

Use this form to request your credit report from any, or all, of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies.

The following information is required to process your request:

Your Full Name: _______________________________________________________________

Your Street Address: ___________________________________________________________

Your City, State & Zip Code: _____________________________________________________

Your Telephone Numbers (with area code): Day: __________________________________
                   Evening: _____________________________________

Your Social Security number: ______________ Your Date of Birth_______________

Place a check next to each credit report you want.

_____ I want a credit report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies

OR

_____ I want a credit report from:
_____ [name of nationwide consumer reporting agency]
_____ [name of nationwide consumer reporting agency]
_____ [name of nationwide consumer reporting agency]

Please check how you would like to receive your report. (Note: because of the need to accurately identify you before we send you your credit report, we may not be able to offer every delivery method to every consumer. We will try to honor your preference.)

Federal Trade Commission


_____ [available delivery method]
_____ [available delivery method]
_____ [available delivery method]


_____ Check here if, for security purposes, you want your copy of your credit report to include
          only the last four digits of your Social Security number (SSN), rather than                your entire SSN.

For more information on obtaining your free credit report, visit [insert appropriate website address], call [insert appropriate telephone number], or write to [insert appropriate address].

Mail this form to:
[insert appropriate address]

Your report(s) will be sent within 15 days after we receive your request.


APPENDIX E TO PART 698—SUMMARY OF 
     CONSUMER IDENTITY THEFT RIGHTS

The prescribed form for this summary is a 
disclosure that is substantially similar to 
the Commission’s model summary with all
information clearly and prominently dis-
played. A summary should accurately reflect
changes to those items that may change over
time (such as telephone numbers) to remain
in compliance. Translations of this summary
will be in compliance with the Commission’s
prescribed model, provided that the trans-
lation is accurate and that it is provided in
a language used by the recipient consumer.
Pt. 698, App. E							    16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

Para información en espańol, visite www.consumer.gov/idtheft o escribe a la FTC, Consumer
Response Center, Room 130-B, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20580.

                               Remedying the Effects of Identity Theft

     You are receiving this information because you have notified a consumer reporting
agency that you believe that you are a victim of identity theft. Identity theft occurs when
someone uses your name, Social Security number, date of birth, or other identifying information,
without authority, to commit fraud. For example, someone may have committed identity theft by
using your personal information to open a credit card account or get a loan in your name. For
more information, visit www.consumer.gov/idtheft or write to: FTC, Consumer Response
Center, Room 130-B, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20580.

     The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) gives you specific rights when you are, or believe
that you are, the victim of identity theft. Here is a brief summary of the rights designed to help
you recover from identity theft.

You have the right to ask that nationwide consumer reporting agencies place “fraud
   alerts” in your file to let potential creditors and others know that you may be a victim of
   identity theft. A fraud alert can make it more difficult for someone to get credit in your
   name because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you. It also may
   delay your ability to obtain credit. You may place a fraud alert in your file by calling just
   one of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies. As soon as that agency
   processes your fraud alert, it will notify the other two, which then also must place fraud
   alerts in your file.

•	Equifax: 1-800-XXX-XXXX; www.equifax.com
•	Experian: 1-800-XXX-XXXX; www.experian.com
•	TransUnion: 1-800-XXX-XXXX; www.transunion.com

  An initial fraud alert stays in your file for at least 90 days. An extended alert stays in your
  file for seven years.  To place either of these alerts, a consumer reporting agency will
  require you to provide appropriate proof of your identity, which may include your Social
  Security number. If you ask for an extended alert, you will have to provide an identity
  theft report. An identity theft report includes a copy of a report you have filed with a
  federal, state, or local law enforcement agency, and additional information a consumer
  reporting agency may require you to submit. For more detailed information about the
  identity theft report, visit www.consumer.gov/idtheft .

You have the right to free copies of the information in your file (your “file
  disclosure”).  An initial fraud alert entitles you to a copy of all the information in your
  file at each of the three nationwide agencies, and an extended alert entitles you to two free
  file disclosures in a 12-month period following the placing of the alert. These additional
  disclosures may help you detect signs of fraud, for example, whether fraudulent accounts
  have been opened in your name or whether someone has reported a change in your
  address. Once a year, you also have the right to a free copy of the information in your file.
Federal Trade Commission                                                                                                                                                                Pt. 698, App. F

at any consumer reporting agency, if you believe it has inaccurate information due to fraud, such as identity theft. You also have the ability to obtain additional free file disclosures under other provisions of the FCRA. See www.ftc.gov/credit.

3. You have the right to obtain documents relating to fraudulent transactions made or accounts opened using your personal information. A creditor or other business must give you copies of applications and other business records relating to transactions and accounts that resulted from the theft of your identity, if you ask for them in writing. A business may ask you for proof of your identity, a police report, and an affidavit before giving you the documents. It also may specify an address for you to send your request. Under certain circumstances, a business can refuse to provide you with these documents. See www.consumer.gov/idtheft.

4. You have the right to obtain information from a debt collector. If you ask, a debt collector must provide you with certain information about the debt you believe was incurred in your name by an identity thief -- like the name of the creditor and the amount of the debt.

5. If you believe information in your file results from identity theft, you have the right to ask that a consumer reporting agency block that information from your file. An identity thief may run up bills in your name and not pay them. Information about these unpaid bills may appear on your consumer report. Should you decide to ask a consumer reporting agency to block the reporting of this information, you must identify the information to block, and provide the consumer reporting agency with proof of your identity and a copy of your identity theft report. The consumer reporting agency can refuse to cancel your request for a block if, for example, you don’t provide the necessary documentation, or where the block results from an error or a material misrepresentation of fact made by you. If the agency declines or rescinds the block, it must notify you. Once a debt resulting from identity theft has been blocked, a person or business with notice of the block may not sell, transfer, or place the debt for collection.

6. You also may prevent businesses from reporting information about you to consumer reporting agencies if you believe the information is a result of identity theft. To do so, you must send your request to the address specified by the business that reports the information to the consumer reporting agency. The business will expect you to identify what information you do not want reported and to provide an identity theft report.

To learn more about identity theft and how to deal with its consequences, visit www.consumer.gov/idtheft, or write to the FTC. You may have additional rights under state law. For more information, contact your local consumer protection agency or your state attorney general.

In addition to the new rights and procedures to help consumers deal with the effects of identity theft, the FCRA has many other important consumer protections. They are described in more detail at www.ftc.gov/credit.

[69 FR 69784, Nov. 30, 2004]

APPENDIX F TO PART 698 -- GENERAL SUMMARY OF CONSUMER RIGHTS
The prescribed form for this summary is a disclosure that is substantially similar to the Commission’s prescribed summary with all information clearly and prominently displayed. The list of federal regulators that is included in the Commission’s prescribed summary may be provided separately so long as this is done in a clear and conspicuous way. A summary should accurately reflect changes to those items that may change over time (e.g., dollar amounts, or telephone numbers and addresses of federal agencies) to remain in compliance. Translations of this summary will be in compliance with the Commission’s prescribed model, provided

643
Pt. 698 App. F 16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

Para informacion en espanol, visite www.ftc.gov.credit o escribe a la FTC Consumer Response Center, Room 130-A 600 Pennsylvania Ave. N.W., Washington, D.C. 20580.

A Summary of Your Rights Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) promotes the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies. There are many types of consumer reporting agencies, including credit bureaus and specialty agencies (such as agencies that sell information about check writing histories, medical records, and rental history records). Here is a summary of your major rights under the FCRA. For more information, including information about additional rights, go to www.ftc.gov/credit or write to: Consumer Response Center, Room 130-A, Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Ave. N.W., Washington, D.C. 20580.
• You must be told if information in your file has been used against you. Anyone who uses a credit report or another type of consumer report to deny your application for credit, insurance, or employment -- or to take another adverse action against you -- must tell you, and must give you the name, address, and phone number of the agency that provided the information.
• You have the right to know what is in your file. You may request and obtain all the information about you in the files of a consumer reporting agency (your "file disclosure"). You will be required to provide proper identification, which may include your Social Security number. In many cases, the disclosure will be free. You are entitled to a free file disclosure if:
   • a person has taken adverse action against you because of information in your credit report;
   • you are the victim of identity theft and place a fraud alert in your file;
   • your file contains inaccurate information as a result of fraud;
   • you are on public assistance;
   • you are unemployed but expect to apply for employment within 60 days.
In addition, by September 2005 all consumers will be entitled to one free disclosure every 12 months upon request from each nationwide credit bureau and from nationwide specialty consumer reporting agencies. See www.ftc.gov/credit for additional information. 
• You have the right to ask for a credit score. Credit scores are numerical summaries of your credit-worthiness based on information from credit bureaus. You may request a credit score from consumer reporting agencies that create scores or distribute scores used in residential real property loans, but you will have to pay for it. In some mortgage transactions, you will receive credit score information for free from the mortgage lender.
• You have the right to dispute incomplete or inaccurate information. If you identify information in your file that is incomplete or inaccurate, and report it to the consumer reporting agency, the agency must investigate unless your dispute is frivolous. See www.ftc.gov.credit for an explanation of dispute procedures. 
• Consumer reporting agencies must correct or delete inaccurate, incomplete, or unverifiable information. Inaccurate, incomplete or unverifiable information must be removed or corrected, usually within 30 days. However, a consumer reporting agency may continue to report information it has verified as accurate.
Federal Trade Commission

Pt. 698, App. G

• Consumer reporting agencies may not report outdated negative information. In most cases, a consumer reporting agency may not report negative information that is more than seven years old, or bankruptcies that are more than 10 years old.

• Access to your file is limited. A consumer reporting agency may provide information about you only to people with a valid need – usually to consider an application with a creditor, insurer, employer, landlord, or other business. The FCRA specifies those with a valid need for access.

• You must give your consent for reports to be provided to employers. A consumer reporting agency may not give out information about you to your employer, or a potential employer, without your written consent given to the employer. Written consent generally is not required in the trucking industry. For more information, go to www.ftc.gov/credit.

• You may limit “prescreened” offers of credit and insurance you get based on information in your credit report. Unsolicited “prescreened” offers for credit and insurance must include a toll-free phone number you can call if you choose to remove your name and address from the lists these offers are based on. You may opt-out with the nationwide credit bureaus at 1-800-XXX-XXXX.

• You may seek damages from violators. If a consumer reporting agency, or, in some cases, a user of consumer reports or a furnisher of information to a consumer reporting agency violates the FCRA, you may be able to sue in state or federal court.

• Identity theft victims and active duty military personnel have additional rights. For more information, visit www.ftc.gov/credit.

States may enforce the FCRA, and many states have their own consumer reporting laws. In some cases, you may have more rights under state law. For more information, contact your state or local consumer protection agency or your state Attorney General. Federal enforcers are:

TYPE OF BUSINESS:  CONTACT:
Consumer reporting agencies, creditors and others not listed below  Federal Trade Commission: Consumer Response Center - FCRA
                                                               Washington, DC 20580 1-877-382-4357
National banks, federal branches/agencies of foreign banks         Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
(regulates national banks and federally-licensed branches and                              Customer Assistance Group
agencies of foreign banks)                                    1301 McKinney Street, Suite 3450
                                                               Houston, TX 77010 1-800-613-6743

Federal Reserve System member banks (except national banks, and  Federal Reserve Board
federal branches/agencies of foreign banks)           Washington, DC 20551 202-452-3693
Savings associations and federally chartered savings banks       Office of Thrift Supervision
(regulates federal savings & loans and federal savings banks)           Consumer Complaints
                  Washington, DC 20552 800-842-6929
Federal Credit Unions (regulates federal credit unions)
                          National Credit Union Administration
                         1775 Duke Street
                         Alexandria, VA 22314 703-519-4600
State chartered banks that are not members of the Federal Reserve
System                                              Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
                                                         Consumer Response Center, 2345 Grand Avenue, Suite 100
                                                  Kansas City, Missouri 64108-2638 1-877-275-3342
Air, surface, or rail common carriers regulated by former Civil  Department of Transportation, Office of Financial Management
Aeronautics Board or Interstate Commerce Commission        Washington, DC 20590 202-366-1306
Activities subject to the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921          Department of Agriculture
                              Office of Deputy Administrator - GIPSA
                                Washington, DC 20250 202-720-7051
[69 FR 69787, Nov. 30, 2004]

APPENDIX G TO PART 698—NOTICE OF FURNISHER RESPONSIBILITIES
The prescribed form for this disclosure is a separate document that is substantially similar to the Commission’s model notice 645 with all information clearly and prominently displayed. Consumer reporting agencies may limit the disclosure to only those items that they know are relevant to the furnisher that will receive the notice.

 تحلیل

Pt. 698, App. G			16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

All furnishers subject to the Federal Trade Commission's jurisdiction must comply with all applicable regulations, including regulations promulgated after this notice was prescribed in 2004. Information about applicable regulations currently in effect can be found at the Commission's Web site, www.ftc.gov/credit. Furnishers who are not subject to the Commission's jurisdiction should consult with their regulators to find any relevant regulations.

	NOTICE TO FURNISHERS OF INFORMATION:
		OBLIGATIONS OF FURNISHERS UNDER THE FCRA

The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2(a), imposes responsibilities on all persons who furnish information to consumer reporting agencies (CRAS). These responsibilities are found in Section 623 of the FCRA, 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2. State law may impose additional requirements on furnishers. All furnishers of information to CRAs should become familiar with the applicable laws and may wish to consult with their counsel to ensure that they are in compliance. The text of the FCRA is set forth in full in the Website of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC): www.ftc.gov/credit. A list of the sections of the FCRA cross- referenced to the U.S. Code is at the end of this document.
Section 623 imposes the following duties upon furnishers:
	Accuracy Guidelines

The banking and credit union regulators and the FTC will promulgate guidelines and regulations dealing with the accuracy of information provided to CRAs by furnishers. The regulations and guidelines issued by the FTC will be available at www.ftc.gov/credit when they are issued. Section 623(e)

	General Prohibition on Reporting Inaccurate Information
The FCRA prohibits information furnishers from providing information to a CRA that they le now or have reasonable cause to believe is inaccurate. However, the furnisher is not subject to this general prohibition if it clearly and conspicuously specifies an address to which consumers may write to notify the furnisher that certain information is inaccurate. Sections 623(a)(1)(A) and (1)(C)

	Duty to Correct and Update Information
If at any time a person who regularly and in the ordinary course of business furnishes information to one or more CRAs determines that the information provided is not complete or accurate, the furnisher must promptly provide complete and accurate information to the CRA. In addition, the furnisher must notify all CRAos that received the information of any corrections, and must thereafter report only the complete and accurate information. Section 623(a)(2)

646
Federal Trade Commission                                                                                             Pt. 698, App. G

Duties After Notice of Dispute from Consumer

     If a consumer notifies a furnisher, at an address specified for the furnisher for such 
notice, that specific information is inaccurate, and the information is, in fact, inaccurate, the 
furnisher must thereafter report the correct information to CRAs. Section 623(a)(1)(B).
    
     If a consumer notifies a furnisher that the consumer disputes the completeness or 
accuracy of any information reported by the furnisher, the furnisher may not subsequently report 
that information to a CRA without providing notice of the dispute. Section 623(a)(3).
    
     The federal banking and credit union regulators and the FTC will issue regulations that 
will identify when an information furnisher must investigate a dispute made directly to the 
furnisher by a consumer. Once these regulations are issued, furnishers must comply with them 
and complete an investigation within 30 days (or 45 days, if the consumer later provides relevant 
additional information) unless the dispute is frivolous or irrelevant or comes from a “credit repair 
organization.” The FTC regulations will be available at www.ftc.gov/credit. Section 623(a)(8).

Duties After Notice of Dispute from Consumer Reporting Agency

     If a CRA notifies a furnisher that a consumer disputes the completeness or accuracy of 
information provided by the furnisher, the furnisher has a duty to follow certain procedures. The 
furnisher must:
•     Conduct an investigation and review all relevant information provided by the 
CRA, including information given to the CRA by the consumer. Sections 
623(b)(1)(A) and (b)(1)(B).
•     Report the results to the CRA that referred the dispute, and if, the investigation 
establishes that the information was, in fact, incomplete or inaccurate, report the 
results to all CRAs to which the furnisher provided the information that compile 
and maintain files on a nationwide basis. Sections 623(b)(1)(C) and (b)(1)(D).
•     Complete the above steps within 30 days from the date the CRA received the 
dispute (or 45 days, if the consumer later provides relevant additional information  
to the CRA). Section 623(b)(2).
•     Promptly modify or delete the information, or block its reporting. Section 
623(b)(1)(E)

Duty to Report Voluntary Closing of Credit Accounts

     If a consumer voluntarily closes a credit account, any person who regularly and in the 
ordinary course of business furnishes information to one or more CRAs must report this fact 
when it provides information to CRAs for the time period in which the account was closed. 
Section 623(a)(4).

Duty to Report Dates of Delinquencies

     If a furnisher reports information concerning a delinquent account placed for collection, 
charged to profit or loss, or subject to any similar action, the furnisher must, within 90 days after 
reporting the information, provide the CRA with the month and the year of the commencement 

                                                                                                                                                                  647
Pt. 698, App. G                                                                                                               16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

of the delinquency that immediately preceded the action, so that the agency will know how long to keep the information in the consumer's file. Section 623(a)(5)

Any person, such as a debt collector, that has acquired or is responsible for collecting delinquent accounts and that reports information to CRAs may comply with the requirements of Section 623(a)(5) (until there is a consumer dispute) by reporting the same delinquency date previously reported by the creditor. If the creditor did not report this date, they may comply with the FCRA by establishing reasonable procedures to obtain and report delinquency dates, or, if a delinquency date cannot be reasonably obtained, by following reasonable procedures to ensure that the date reported precedes the date the account was placed for collection, charged to profit or loss, or subjected to any similar action. Section 623(a)(5)

Duties of Financial Institutions When Reporting Negative Information
Financial institutions that furnish information to "nationwide" consumer reporting agencies, as defined in Section 603(p), must notify consumers in writing if they may furnish or have furnished negative information to a CRA. Section 623(a)(7) The Federal Reserve Board has prescribed model disclosures, 12 CFR Part 222, App. B.

Duties When Furnishing Medical Information
A furnisher whose primary business is providing medical services, products, or devices (and such furnisher's agents or assignees) is a medical information furnisher for the purposes of the FCRA and must notify all CRAs to which it reports of this fact. Section 623(a)(9) This notice will enable CRAs to comply with their duties under Section 604(g) when reporting medical information.

Duties When ID Theft Occurs
All furnishers must have in place reasonable procedures to respond to notifications from CRAs that information furnished is the result of identity theft, and to prevent refurnishing the information in the future. A furnisher may not furnish information that a consumer has identified as resulting from identity theft unless the furnisher subsequently knows or is informed by the consumer that the information is correct. Section 623(a)(6) If a furnisher learns that it has furnished inaccurate information due to identity theft, it must notify each consumer reporting agency of the correct information and must thereafter report only complete and accurate information. Section 623(a)(2) When any furnisher of information is notified pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 605B that a debt has resulted from identity theft, the furnisher may not sell, transfer, or place for collection the debt except in certain limited circumstances. Section 615(f)

The FTC's Web site, www.ftc.gov/credit, has more information about the FCRA, including publications for businesses and the full text of the FCRA.

                                                                                                                                648
Federal Trade Commission                    Pt. 698, App. H

            Citations for FCRA sections in the U.S. Code, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.
            Section 602.........15 U.S.C. 1681.                Section 618.........15 U.S.C. 1681p.
            Section 603.........15 U.S.C. 1681a.               Section 619.........15 U.S.C. 1681q.
            Section 604.........15 U.S.C. 1681b.               Section 620.........15 U.S.C. 1681r.
            Section 605.........15 U.S.C. 1681c.               Section 621.........15 U.S.C. 1681s.
            Section 605A.......15 U.S.C. 1681c-1.              Section 622.........15 U.S.C. 1681s-1.
            Section 605B.......15 U.S.C. 1681c-2.              Section 623.........15 U.S.C. 1681s-2.
            Section 606.........15 U.S.C. 1681d.               Section 624.........15 U.S.C. 1681s-3.
            Section 607.........15 U.S.C. 1681e.               Section 625.........15 U.S.C. 1681t.
            Section 608.........15 U.S.C. 1681f.               Section 626.........15 U.S.C. 1681u.
            Section 609.........15 U.S.C. 1681g.               Section 627.........15 U.S.C. 1681v.
            Section 610.........15 U.S.C. 1681h.               Section 628.........15 U.S.C. 1681w.
            Section 611.........15 U.S.C. 1681i.               Section 629.........15 U.S.C. 1681x.
            Section 612.........15 U.S.C. 1681j.               Section 630.........15 U.S.C. 1681y.
            Section 613.........15 U.S.C. 1681k.               Section 631.........15 U.S.C. 1681z.
            Section 614.........15 U.S.C. 1681l.               Section 632.........15 U.S.C. 1681aa.
            Section 615.........15 U.S.C. 1681m.               Section 633.........15 U.S.C. 1681bb.
            Section 616.........15 U.S.C. 1681n.
            Section 617.........15 U.S.C. 1681o.

[69 FR 69790, Nov. 30, 2004]

APPENDIX H TO PART 698—NOTICE OF USER RESPONSIBILITIES

The prescribed form for this disclosure is a separate document that is substantially similar to the Commission's notice with all information clearly and prominently displayed. Consumer reporting agencies may limit the disclosure to only those items that they know are relevant to the user that will receive the notice.

                                                                                                                 649
Pt. 698, App. H
                         16 CFR Ch. I (1–1–11 Edition)

All users subject to the Federal Trade Commission’s jurisdiction must comply with all 
applicable regulations, including regulations promulgated after this notice was 
prescribed in 2004. Information about applicable regulations currently in effect can be 
found at the Commission’s Web site, www.ftc.gov/credit. Persons not subject to the 
Commission’s jurisdiction should consult with their regulators to find any relevant 
regulations.

                        NOTICE TO USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS:
                            OBLIGATIONS OF USERS UNDER THE FCRA

The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA),15 U.S.C. 1681-1681y, requires that this notice be provided to inform users of consumer reports of their legal obligations. State law may impose additional requirements. The text of the FCRA is set forth in full at the Federal Trade Commission’s Website at www.ftc.gov/credit. At the end of this document is a list of United States Code citations for the FCRA. Other information about user duties is also available at the Commission’s Web site. Users must consult the relevant provisions of the FCRA for details about their obligations under the FCRA.

The first section of this summary sets forth the responsibilities imposed by the FCRA on all users of consumer reports. The subsequent sections discuss the duties of users of reports that contain specific types of information, or that are used for certain purposes, and the legal consequences of violations. If you are a furnisher of information to a consumer reporting agency (CRA), you have additional obligations and will receive a separate notice from the CRA describing your duties as a furnisher.

1. OBLIGATIONS OF ALL USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS

  A. Users Must Have a Permissible Purpose

Congress has limited the use of consumer reports to protect consumers' privacy. All users must have a permissible purpose under the FCRA to obtain a consumer report. Section 604 contains a list of the permissible purposes under the law. These are:

•	As ordered by a court or a federal grand jury subpoena. Section 604(a)(1)
•	As instructed by the consumer in writing. Section 604(a)(2)
•	For the extension of credit as a result of an application from a consumer, or the 
   review or collection of a consumer’s account. Section 604(a)(3)(A)
•	For employment purposes, including hiring and promotion decisions, where the 
   consumer has given written permission. Sections 604(a)(3)(B) and 604(b)

650
Federal Trade Commission                    Pt. 698, app. H

                            - For the underwriting of insurance as a result of an application from a consumer.
                              Section 604(a)(3)(C)

                            - When there is a legitimate business need, in connection wit a business 
                              transaction that is initiated by the consumer. Section 604(a)(3)(F)(i)

                            - To review a consumer's account to determine whether the consumer continues to
                              meet the terms of the account. Section 604(a)(3)(F)(ii)

                            - To determine a consumere's eligibility for a license or other benefit granted by a
                              governmental instrumentality required by law to consider an applicant's financial
                              responsibility or status. Section 604(a)(3)(D)

                            - For use by a potential investor or servicer, or current insurer, in a valuation or
                              assessment of the credit or prepayment risks associated with an existing credit
                              obligation. Section 604(a)(3)(E)

                            - For use by state and local officials in connection with the determination of child
                              support payments, or modifications and enforcement thereof. Sections 604(a)(4)
                              and 604(a)(5)   

In addition, creditors and insurers may obtain certain consumer report information for the
purpose of making "prescreened" unsolicited offers of credit or insurance. Section 604(c). The
particular obligations of users of "prescreened" information are described in Section VII below.

               B. Users Must Provide Certifications
   
               Section 604(f) prohibits any person from obtaining a consumer report from a consumer
               reporting agency (CRA) unless the person has certified to the CRA the permissible purpose(s) for
               which the report is being obtained and certifies that the report will not be used for any other
               purpose.

               C. Users Must Notify Consumers When Adverse Actions Are Taken

               The term "adverse actions" is defined very broadly by Section 603. "Adverse actions"
               include all business, credit, and employment actions affecting consumers that can be considered 
               to have a negative impact as defined by Section 603(k) of the FCRA - such as denying or
               canceling credit or insurance, or denying employment or promotion. No adverse action occurs in 
               a credit transaction where the creditor makes a counteroffer that is accepted by the consumer.

                                                                                                                             651
Pt. 698, App. H 16 CFR Ch. I (1—1—11 Edition)

1. Adverse Actions Based on Information Obtained From a CRA

If a user takes any type of adverse action as defined by the FCRA that is based at least in part on information contained in a consumer report, Section 615(a) requires the user to notify the consumer. The notification may be done in writing, orally, or by electronic means. It must include the following:

•	The name, address, and telephone number of the CRA (including a toll-free telephone number, if it is a nationwide CRA) that provided the report.

•	A statement that the CRA did not make the adverse decision and is not able to explain why the decision was made.

•	A statement setting forth the consumer’s right to obtain a free disclosure of the consumer’s file from the CRA if the consumer makes a request within 60 days.

•	A statement setting forth the consumer’s right to dispute directly with the CRA the accuracy or completeness of any information provided by the CRA.

2. Adverse Actions Based on Information Obtained From Third Parties Who Are Not Consumer Reporting Agencies

If a person denies (or increases the charge for) credit for personal, family, or household purposes based either wholly or partly upon information from a person other than a CRA, and the information is the type of consumer information covered by the FCRA, Section 615(b)(1) requires that the user clearly and accurately disclose to the consumer his or her right to be told the nature of the information that was relied upon if the consumer makes a written request within 60 days of notification. The user must provide the disclosure within a reasonable period of time following the consumer’s written request.

3. Adverse Actions Based on Information Obtained From Affiliates

If a person takes an adverse action involving insurance, employment, or a credit transaction initiated by the consumer, based on information of the type covered by the FCRA, and this information was obtained from an entity affiliated with the user of the information by common ownership or control, Section 615(b)(2) requires the user to notify the consumer of the adverse action. The notice must inform the consumer that he or she may obtain a disclosure of the nature of the information relied upon by making a written request within 60 days of receiving the adverse action notice. If the consumer makes such a request, the user must disclose the nature of the information not later than 30 days after receiving the request. If consumer report information is shared among affiliates and then used for an adverse action, the user must make an adverse action disclosure as set forth in I.C.1 above.

                                                                     652
Federal Trade Commission                                                                                                   Pt. 698, App. H

D. Users Have Obligations When Fraud and Active Duty Military Alerts are in Files

   When a consumer has placed a fraud alert, including one relating to identity theft, or an active duty military alert with a nationwide consumer reporting agency as defined in Section 603(p) and resellers, Section 605A(b) imposes limitations on uses of reports obtained from the consumer reporting agency in certain circumstances, including the establishment of a new credit plan and the issuance of additional credit cards. For initial fraud alerts and active duty alerts, the user must have reasonable policies and procedures in place to form a belief that the user knows the identity of the applicant or contact the consumer at a telephone number specified by the consumer; in the case of extended fraud alerts, the user must contact the consumer in accordance with the contact information provided in the consumer's alert.

E. Users Have Obligations When Notified of an Address Discrepancy

   Section 605(h) requires nationwide CRAs, as defined in Section 603(p), to notify users that request reports when the address for a consumer provided by the user in requesting the report is substantially different from the addresses in the consumer's file. When this occurs, users must comply with regulations specifying the procedures to be followed, which will be issued by the Federal Trade Commission and the banking and credit union regulators. The Federal Trade Commission's regulations will be available at www.ftc.gov/credit.

F. Users Have Obligations When Disposing of Records

   Section 628 requires that all users of consumer report information have in place procedures to properly dispose of records containing this information. The Federal Trade Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the banking and credit union regulators have issued regulations covering disposal. The Federal Trade Commission's regulations may be found at www.ftc.gov/credit.

II. CREDITORS MUST MAKE ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES

      If a person uses a consumer report in connection with an application for, or a grant extension, or provision of, credit to a consumer on material terms that are materially less favorable than the most favorable terms available to a substantial proportion of consumers from or through that person, based in whole or in part on a consumer report, the person must provide a risk-based pricing notice to the consumer in accordance with regulations to be jointly prescribed by the Federal Trade Commission and the Federal Reserve Board.

   Section 609(g) requires a disclosure by all persons that make or arrange loans secured by residential real property (one to four units) and that use credit scores. These persons must



                                                                                                 653
Pt. 698, App. H

16 CFR Ch. 1 (1-1-11 Edition)

provide credit scores and other information about credit scores to applicants, including the disclosure set forth in Section 609(g)(1)(D) (“Notice to the Home Loan Applicant”).

III. OBLIGATIONS OF USERS WHEN CONSUMER REPORTS ARE OBTAINED FOR EMPLOYMENT PURPOSES

A. Employment Other Than in the Trucking Industry

If information from a CRA is used for employment purposes, the user has specific duties, which are set forth in Section 604(b) of the FCRA. The user must:

• Make a clear and conspicuous written disclosure to the consumer before the report is obtained, in a document that consists solely of the disclosure, that a consumer report may be obtained.

• Obtain from the consumer prior written authorization. Authorization to access reports during the term of employment may be obtained at the time of employment.

• Certify to the CRA that the above steps have been followed, that the information being obtained will not be used in violation of any federal or state equal opportunity law or regulation, and that, if any adverse action is to be taken based on the consumer report, a copy of the report and a summary of the consumer’s rights will be provided to the consumer.

• Before taking an adverse action, the user must provide a copy of the report to the consumer as well as the summary of consumer’s rights. (The user should receive this summary from the CRA.) A Section 615(a) adverse action notice should be sent after the adverse action is taken.

An adverse action notice also is required in employment situations if credit information (other than transactions and experience data) obtained from an affiliate is used to deny employment. Section 615(b)(2)

The procedures for investigative consumer reports and employee misconduct investigations are set forth below.

B. Employment in the Trucking Industry

Special rules apply for truck drives where the only interaction between the consumer and the potential employer is by mail, telephone, or computer. In this case, the consumer may provide consent orally or electronically, and an adverse action may be made orally, in writing, or electronically. The consumer may obtain a copy of any report relied upon by the trucking.

654.
Federal Trade Commission                                             Pt. 698, App. H

company by contacting the company.

IV. OBLIGATIONS WHEN INVESTIGATIVE CONSUMER REPORTS ARE USED

    Investigative consumer reports are a special type of consumer report in which information
about a consumer's character, general reputation, personal characteristics, and mode of living is
obtained through personal interviews by an entity or person that is a consumer reporting agency.
Consumers who are the subjects of such reports are given special rights under the FCRA. If a
user intends to obtain an investigative consumer report, Section 606 requires the following:
    
    * The user must disclose to the consumer that an investigative consumer report may
    be obtained. This must be done in a written disclosure that is mailed, or otherwise
    delivered, to the consumer at some time before or no later than three days after
    the date on which the report was first requested. The disclosure must include a
    statement informing the consumer of his or her right to request additional
    disclosures of the nature and scope of the investigation as described below, and
    the summary of consumer rights required by Section 609 of the FCRA. (The
    summary of consumer rights will be provided by the CRA that conducts the
    investigation.)
    
    * The user must certify to the CRA that the disclosures set forth above have been
    made and that the user will make the disclosure described below.
    
    * Upon the written request of a consumer made within a reasonable period of time
    after the disclosures required above, the user must make a complete disclosure of
    the nature and scope of the investigation. This must be made in a written
    statement that is mailed, or otherwise delivered, to the consumer no later than five
    days after the date on which the request was received from the consumer or the
    report was first requested, whichever is later in time.
    
V. SPECIAL PROCEDURES FOR EMPLOYEE INVESTIGATIONS

    Section 603(x) provides special procedures for investigations of suspected misconduct by
an employee or for compliance with Federal, state or local laws and regulations or the rules of a
self-regulatory organization, and compliance with written policies of the employer. These
investigations are not treated as consumer reports so long as the employer or its agent complies
with the procedures set forth in Section 603(x), and a summary describing the nature and scope
of the inquiry is made to the employee if an adverse action is taken based on the investigation.

VI. OBLIGATIONS OF USERS OF MEDICAL INFORMATION

    Section 604(g) limits the use of medical information obtained from consumer reporting
agencies (other than payment information that appears in a coded form that does not identify the

                                                                                                                               655
Pt. 698, App. H                                                                                                       16 CFR Ch. I (1-1-11 Edition)

VII. OBLIGATIONS OF USERS OF "PRESCREENED" LISTS

    The FCRA permits creditors and insurers to obtain limited consumer report information
for use in connection with unsolicited offers of credit or insurance under certain circumstances.
Sections 603(1), 604(c), 604(e), and 615(d). This practice is known as "prescreening" and
typically involves obtaining from a CRA a list of consumers who meet certain preestablished
criteria. If any person intends to use prescreened lists, that person must (1) before the offer is
made, establish the criteria that will be relied upon to make the offer and to grant credit or
insurance, and (2) maintain such criteria on file for a three-year period beginning on the date on
which the offer is made to each consumer. In addition, any user must provide with each written
solicitation a clear and conspicuous statement that:

                • Information contained in a consumer's CRA file was used in connection with the
                  transaction.

                • The consumer received the offer because he or she satisfied the criteria for credit 
                  worthiness or insurability used to screen for the offer.

                • Credit or insurance may not be extended if, after the consumer responds, it is
                  determined that the consumer does not meet the criteria used for screening or any
                  applicable criteria bearing on credit worthiness or insurability, or the consumer
                  does not furnish required collateral.
                
                • The consumer may prohibit the use of information in his or her file in connection
                  with future prescreened offers of credit or insurance by contacting the notification
                  system established by the CRA that provided the report. The statement must
                  include the address and toll-free telephone number of the appropriate notification
                  system.

      In addition, once the Federal Trade Commission by rule has established the format, type
size, and manner of the disclosure required by Section 615(d), users must be in compliance with
the rule. The FTC's regulations will be at www.ftc.gov/credit.

                                                                                                                656
Federal Trade Commission                    Pt. 698, App. H

VIII. OBLIGATIONS OF RESELLERS

    A. Disclosure and Certification Requirements
       Section 607(e) requires any person who obtains a consumer report for resale to take the following steps:

           • Disclose the identity of the end-user to the source CRA.
           • Identify to the source CRA each permissible purpose for which the report will be
             furnished to the end-user.
           • Establish and follow reasonable procedures to ensure that reports are resold only 
             for permissible purposes, including procedures to obtain:
                 (1) the identity of all end-users;
                 (2) certifications from all users of each purpose for which reports will be used;
                     and
                 (3) certifications that reports will not be used for any purpose other than the
                     purpose(s) specified to the reseller. Resellers must make reasonable efforts to 
                     verify this information before selling the report.

    B. Reinvestigations by Resellers

         Under Section 611(f), if a consumer disputes the accuracy or completeness of 
         information in a report prepared by a reseller, the reseller must determine whether this is a 
         result of an error or omission on its part and, if so, correct or delete the information. If not, 
         the reseller must send the dispute to the source CRA for reinvestigation. When any CRA 
         notifies the reseller of the results of an investigation, the reseller must immediately convey 
         the information to the consumer.

    C. Fraud Alerts and Resellers

         Section 605A(f) requires resellers who receive fraud alerts or active duty alerts from 
         another consumer reporting agency to include these in their reports.

IX. LIABILITY FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE FCRA

        Failure to comply with the FCRA can result in state government or federal 
        government enforcement actions, as well as private lawsuits. Sections 616, 617, and 621. In 
        addition, any person who knowingly and willfully obtains a consumer report under false 
        pretenses may face criminal prosecution. Section 619.

                                                                                                                                                           657
Pt. 698, App. H   16 CFR Ch. 1 (1–1–11 Edition)

The FTC’s Web site, www.ftc.gov/credit, has more information about the FCRA including publications for businesses and the full text of the FCRA.

Citations for FCRA sections in the U.S. Code, 15 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq.:

Section 602  15 U.S.C. 1681
Section 603  15 U.S.C. 1681a
Section 604  15 U.S.C. 1681b
Section 605  15 U.S.C. 1681c
Section 605A  15 U.S.C. 1681ca
Section 605B  15 U.S.C. 1681cb
Section 606  15 U.S.C. 1681d
Section 607  15 U.S.C. 1681e
Section 608  15 U.S.C. 1681f
Section 609  15 U.S.C. 1681g
Section 610  15 U.S.C. 1681h
Section 611  15 U.S.C. 1681i
Section 612  15 U.S.C. 1681j
Section 613  15 U.S.C. 1681k
Section 614  15 U.S.C. 1681l
Section 615  15 U.S.C. 1681m
Section 616  15 U.S.C. 1681n
Section 617  15 U.S.C. 1681o
Section 618  15 U.S.C. 1681p
Section 619  15 U.S.C. 1681q
Section 620  15 U.S.C. 1681r
Section 621  15 U.S.C. 1681s
Section 622  15 U.S.C. 1681s-1
Section 623  15 U.S.C. 1681s-2
Section 624  15 U.S.C. 1681t
Section 625  15 U.S.C. 1681u
Section 626  15 U.S.C. 1681v
Section 627  15 U.S.C. 1681w
Section 628  15 U.S.C. 1681x
Section 629  15 U.S.C. 1681y

[69 FR 69795, Nov. 30, 2004] 

658
