Public Law 91-508 October 26, 1970 [H. R. 15073]
                                     
                                               AN ACT 

To amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require insured banks to maintain certain records, to require that certain transactions in United States currency be reported to the Department of the Treasury, and for other purposes. 

Federal Deposit Insurance Act, amendments. 

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 

                       TITLE I- FINANCIAL RECORDKEEPING 
                                    
Chapter.                                                     Sec.
1. INSURED BANKS AND INSURED INSTITUTIONS ________________ 101
2. OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS______________________________ 121

Chapter 1- INSURED BANKS AND INSURED INSTITUTIONS 

Sec. 
101. Retention of records by insured banks.
102. Retention of records by insured institutions. 
Sec. 101. Retention of records by insured banks
The Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended (1) by redesignating sections 21 and 22 as 22 and 23, respectively, and (2) by inserting the following new section immediately after section 20:
"Sec 21 (a) (1) The Congress finds that adequate records maintained by insured banks have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, and regulatory investigations and proceedings. The Congress further finds that microfilm or other reproductions and other records made by banks of checks, as well as records kept by banks of the identity of persons maintaining or authorized to act with respect to accounts therein, have been of particular value in this respect.
                        
64 Stat. 893; 
81 Stat. 610.
12 USC 1830, 1831.
                              84 STAT. ]                 PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                                   1115

"(2) It is the purpose of this section to require the maintenance of 
appropriate types of records by insured banks in the United States 
where such records have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, 
or regulatory investigations or proceedings.
"(b) Where the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this sec- 
tion as the 'Secretary') determines that the maintenance of appropriate
types of records and other evidence by insured banks has a high degree 
of usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory investigations or pro-
ceedings, he shall prescribe regulations to carry out the purposes 
of this section.
"(c) Each insured bank shall maintain such records and other evi- 
dence, in such form as the Secretary shall require, of the identity of 
each person having an account in the United States with the bank 
and of each individual authorized to sign checks, make withdrawals,
or otherwise act with respect to any such account. The Secretary may 
make such exemptions from any requirement otherwise imposed under
this subsection as are consistent with the purposes of this section.
"(d) Each insured bank shall make, to the extent that the regula- 
tions of the Secretary so require—
"(1) a microfilm or other reproduction of each check, draft, or
similar instrument drawn on it and presented to it for payment; 
                 and
"(2) a record of each check, draft, or similar instrument
     received by it for deposit or collection, together with an identifi-
     cation of the party for whose account it is to be deposited or col- 
     lected, unless the bank has already made a record of the party's
     identity pursuant to subsection (c).
"(e) Whenever any individual engages (whether as principal, agent, 
or bailee) in any transaction with an insured bank which is required
to be reported or recorded under the Currency and Foreign Transac- 
tions Reporting Act, the bank shall require and retain such evidence 
of the identity of that individual as the Secretary may prescribe as 
appropriate under the circumstances.
"(f) In addition to or in lieu of the records and evidence otherwise 
referred to in this section, each insured bank shall maintain such 
records and evidence as the Secretary may prescribe to carry out the 
purposes of this section.
"(g) Any type of record or evidence required under this section
shall be retained for such period as the Secretary may prescribe for
the type in question. Any period so prescribed shall not exceed six 
years unless the Secretary determines, having regard for the purposes
of this section, that a longer period is necessary in the case of a partic- 
ular type of record or evidence.
"(h) The Secretary shall include in his annual report to the Con- 
gress information on his implementation of the authority conferred 
by this section and any similar authority with respect to recordkeeping
or reporting requirements conferred by other provisions of law."
1116                          PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                        [84 STAT.

§ 102. Retention of records by insured institutions
    Title IV of the National Housing Act is amended by adding at the
end thereof the following new section:
    "Sec. 411. The Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe such regu-
lations as may be appropriate to carry out, with respect to insured
institutions, the purposes set forth in section 21 of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act with respect to insured banks."

                          Chapter 2-OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
Sec.
    121. Congressional findings and purpose.
    122. Authority of Secretary with respect to reports on ownership and control.
    123. Authority of Secretary with respect to recordkeeping and procedures.
    124. Injunctions.
    125. Civil penalties.
    126. Criminal penalty.
    127. Additional criminal penalty in certain cases.
    128. Compliance.
    129. Administrative procedure. 

§ 121. Congressional findings and purpose
    (a) The Congress finds that certain records maintained by busi-
nesses engaged in the functions described in section 123 (b) of this Act
have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, and regulatory in-
vestigations and proceedings. The Congress further finds that the
power to require reports of changes in the ownership, control, and
managements of types of financial institutions referred to in section
122 of this Act may be necessary for the same purpose.
    (b) It is the purpose of this chapter to require the maintenance of
appropriate types of records and the making of appropriate reports
by such businesses in the United States when such records or reports
have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory in-
vestigations or proceedings.

§ 122. Authority of Secretary with respect to reports on ownership and control
    Where the Secretary determines that the making of appropriate
reports by uninsured banks or uninsured institutions of any type with
respect to their ownership, control, and managements and any changes
therein has a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory
investigations or proceedings, he may by regulation require such banks
or institutions to make such reports as he determines in respect of
such ownership, control, and managements and changes therein.

§ 123. Authority of Secretary with respect to recordkeeping and procedures
    (a) Where the Secretary determines that the maintenance of
appropriate records and procedures by any uninsured bank or unin-
sured institution, or any person engaging in the business of carrying
on in the United States any of the functions referred to in subsection
(b) of this section, has a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax,
or regulatory investigations or proceedings, he may by regulation
require such bank, institution, or person-
84 STAT. ]            PUBLIC LAW 91-508—OCT. 26, 1970                                                                                1117

        (1) to require, retain, or maintain, with respect to its func-
tions as an uninsured bank or uninsured institution or its func-
tions referred to in subsection (b), any records or evidence of any
type which the Secretary is authorized under section 21 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require insured banks to require,
retain, or maintain; and
        (2) to maintain procedures to assure compliance with require-
ments imposed under this chapter. For the purposes of any civil
or criminal penalty, a separate violation of any requirement
under this paragraph occurs with respect to each day and each
separate office, branch, or place of business in which the violation
occurs or continues.
(b) The authority of the Secretary under this section extends to any
person engaging in the business of carrying on any of the following
functions:
        (1) Issuing or redeeming checks, money orders, travelers
checks, or similar instruments, except as an incident to the con-
duct of its own nonfinancial business.
        (2) Transferring funds or credits domestically or 
internationally.
        (3) Operating a currency exchange or otherwise dealing in
foreign currencies or credits.
        (4) Operating a credit card system.
        (5) Performing such similar, related, or substitute functions
for any of the foregoing or for banking as may be specified by the
Secretary in regulations.

§ 124. Injunctions
Whenever it appears to the Secretary that any person has engaged,
is engaged, or is about to engage in any acts or practices constituting a
violation of any regulation under this chapter, he may in his discretion 
bring an action, in the proper district court of the United States or the
proper United States court of any territory or other place subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States, to enjoin such acts or practices,
and upon a proper showing a permanent or temporary injunction or
restraining order shall be granted without bond. Upon application of
the Secretary, any such court may also issue mandatory injunctions
commanding any person to comply with any regulation of the Secre-
tary under this chapter.

§ 125. Civil penalties.
(a) For each willful violation of any regulation under this chapter,
the Secretary may assess upon any person to which the regulation
applies, and, if such person is a partnership, corporation, or other
entity, upon any partner, director, officer, or employee thereof who
willfully participates in the violation, a civil penalty not exceeding
$1,000.
(b) In the event of the failure of any person to pay any penalty
assessed under this section, a civil action for the recovery thereof may,
in the discretion of the Secretary, be brought in the name of the
United States.
PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970

§ 126. Criminal penalty
Whoever willfully violates any regulation under this chapter shall
be fined not more than $1,000 or imprisoned not more than one
year, or both.
§ 127. Additional criminal penalty in certain cases
Whoever willfully violates any regulation under this chapter, sec-
tion 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or section 411 of the
National Housing Act, where the violation is committed in further-
ance of the commission of any violation of Federal law punishable by
imprisonment for more than one year, shall be fined not more than
$10,000 or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
§ 128. Compliance
The Secretary shall have the responsibility to assure compliance
with the requirements of this title and may delegate such responsibility
to the appropriate bank supervisory agency, or other supervisory
agency.
§ 129. Administrative procedure
The administrative procedure and judicial review provisions of
subchapter II of chapter 5 and chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code,
shall apply to all proceedings under this chapter, section 21 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and section 411 of the National
Housing Act.

TITLE II-REPORTS OF CURRENCY AND
FOREIGN TRANSACTIONS

Chapter
1. GENERAL PROVISIONS....................................................................... Sec.
2. DOMESTIC CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS. ........................................................221
3. REPORTS OF EXPORTS AND IMPORTS OF MONETARY INSTRUMENTS...........231
4. FOREIGN TRANSACTIONS............................................... ..........................241

Chapter 1.-GENERAL PROVISIONS

Sec.
201. Short title.
202. Purpose.
203. Definitions and rules of construction.
204. Regulations.
205. Compliance.
206. Exemptions.
207. Civil penalty.
208. Injunctions.
209. Criminal penalty.
210. Additional criminal penalty in certain cases.
211. Immunity of witnesses.
212. Availability of information to other Federal agencies.
213. Administrative procedure.

§ 201. Short title
This title may be cited as the "Currency and Foreign Transactions
Reporting Act".
§ 202. Purpose
It is the purpose of this title to require certain reports or records
where such reports or records have a high degree of usefulness in
criminal, tax, or regulatory investigations or proceedings.
§ 203. Definitions and rules of construction
(a) The definitions and rules of construction set forth in this section
apply for the purposes of this title.
(b) The term "Secretary" means the Secretary of the Treasury.
(c) The term "person" includes natural persons, partnerships;
trusts, estates, associations, corporations, and all entities cognizable
84 STAT. ]      PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970           1119

as legal personalities. The term also includes any governmental depart-
ment or agency specified by the Secretary either for the purpose of
this title generally or any particular requirement thereunder.
     (d) The term "United States", used in a geographical sense, in-
cludes the States and the District of Columbia, and to the extent the
Secretary shall by regulation specify, either for the purposes of this
title generally or any particular requirement thereunder, the Com-
monwealth of Puerto Rico, the possessions of the United States,
United States military establishments, and United States diplomatic
establishments.
     (e) The term "financial institution" means any person which does
business in any one or more of the following capacities:
     (1) an insured bank as defined in section 3 of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act;
     (2) a commercial bank or trust company;
     (3) a private banker:
     (4) an agency or a branch within the United States of any 
foreign bank;
     (5) an insured institution as defined in section 401 of the Na-
     tional Housing Act;
     (6) a savings bank, building and loan association, credit union, 
industrial bank, or other thrift institution;
     (7) a broker or dealer registered with the Securities and Ex- 
change Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
     (8) a broker or dealer in securities or commodities;
     (9) an investment banker or investment company;
     (10) a currency exchange;
     (11) an issuer, redeemer or cashier of travelers' checks, checks,
money orders, or similar instruments;
     (12) an operator of a credit card system;
     (13) an insurance company;
     (14) a dealer in precious metals, stones, or jewels;
     (15) a pawnbroker;
     (16) a loan or finance company;
     (17) a travel agency;
     (18) a licensed transmitter of funds;
     (19) a telegraph company;
     (20) a Federal, State, or local government institution which
performs any of the functions of any of the businesses listed
above; or
     (21) any other type of business or institution performing simi-
lar, related, or substitute functions specified by the Secretary by
regulation for the purposes of the provision of this title to which
the regulation relates.
     (f) The term "domestic" used with reference to institutions or
agencies, limits the applicability of the provision wherein it appears
to the performance by such institutions or agencies of functions within
the United States.
     (g) The term "financial agency" means any person which acts in the
capacity of a financial institution or in the capacity of a bailee,
depository trustee, agent, or in any other similar capacity with respect
to money, credit, securities, or gold or transactions therein, on behalf
of any person other than a government, a monetary or financial author-
ity when acting as such, or an international financial institution of
which the United States is a member.
     (h) The term "foreign", used with reference to institutions or
agencies, limits the applicability of the provision wherein it appears
to the performance by such institutions or agencies of functions out-
side the United States.
(i) References to this title or any provision thereof include regulations issued under this title or the provision thereof in question.
(j) All reports required under this title and all records of any such reports are specifically exempted from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code.
(k) For the purposes of section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, the contents of reports required under any provision of this title are statements and representations in matters within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States.
(l) The term "monetary instruments" means coin and currency of the United States, and in addition, such foreign coin and currencies, 64 and such types of travelers' checks, bearer negotiable instruments, bearer investment securities, bearer securities, and stock with title pass- ing upon delivery, or the equivalent thereof, as the Secretary may by regulation specify for the purposes of the provision of this title to which the regulation relates.

§ 204. Regulations

The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as he may deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of this title.

§ 205. Compliance

(a) The Secretary shall have the responsibility to assure compliance with the requirements of this title and may delegate such responsibility to the appropriate bank supervisory agency, or other supervisory agency.
(b) The Secretary may by regulation require any class of domestic financial institutions to maintain such procedures as he may deem appropriate to assure compliance with the provisions of this title. For the purposes of both civil and criminal penalties for violations of this section, a separate violation shall be deemed to occur with respect to each day and each separate office, branch, or place of business in which the violation occurs or continues.

§ 206. Exemptions

The Secretary may make such exemptions from any requirement otherwise imposed under this title as he may deem appropriate. Any such exemption may be conditional or unconditional, by regulation, order, or licensing, or any combination thereof, and may relate to any particular transaction, to the type or amount of the transaction, to the party or parties or the classification of parties, or to any combination thereof. The Secretary may in his discretion, in any manner giving actual or constructive notice to the parties affected, revoke any exemption made under this section. Any such revocation shall remain in effect pending any judicial review.

§ 207. Civil penalty

(a) For each willful violation of this title, the Secretary may assess upon any domestic financial institution, and upon any partner, director, officer, or employee thereof who willfully participates in the violation, a civil penalty not exceeding $1,000.
(b) In the event of the failure of any person to pay any penalty assessed under this title, a civil action for the recovery thereof may, in the discretion of the Secretary, be brought in the name of the United States.

§ 208. Injunctions

Whenever it appears to the Secretary that any person has engaged, is engaged, or is about to engage in any acts or practices constituting a violation of the provisions of this title, or any order thereunder, he may in his discretion bring an action, in the proper district court
84 Stat. ]

PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 197 0 


of the United States or the proper United States court of any territory or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, to enjoin such acts or practices, and upon a proper showing a permanent or temporary injunction or restraining order shall be granted without bond. Upon application of the Secretary, any such court may also issue mandatory injunctions commanding any person to comply with the provisions of this title or any order of the Secretary made in pursuance thereof.

§ 209. Criminal penalty

Whoever willfully violates any provision of this title or any reg- ulation under this title shall be fined not more than $1,000, or imprisoned not more than one year, or both. 

§ 210. Additional criminal penalty in certain cases

Whoever willfully violates any provision of this title where the violation is- 

(1) committed in furtherance of the commission of any other violation of Federal law, or 

(2) committed as part of a pattern of illegal activity involving transactions exceeding $100,000 in any twelve-month period, shall be fined not more than $500,000 or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.

§ 211. Immunity of witnesses 

Whenever a witness refuses on the basis of his privilege against self-incrimination, to testify or provide other information in a pro- ceeding involving any violation of this title before or ancillary to-

(1 ) a court or grand jury of the United States, 

(2) an agency of the United States, or 

(3) either House of Congress, a joint committee of the two Houses, or a committee or a subcommittee of either House,

and the person presiding over the proceeding communicates to the witness an order requiring him to give testimony or provide other information, the witness may not refuse to comply with the order on the basis of his privilege against self-incrimination. No such testi- mony or other information so compelled under the order or evidence or other information which is obtained by the exploitation of such testimony may be used against the witness in any criminal case, except a prosecution for perjury, giving a false statement, or otherwise fail- ing to comply with the order.
 
§ 212. Availability of information to other Federal agencies

The Secretary shall, upon such conditions and pursuant to such 
procedures as he may by regulation prescribe, make any information  set forth in reports filed pursuant to this title available for a purpose  consistent with the provisions of this title to any other department or  agency of the Federal Government on the request of the head of such department or agency. 

§ 213. Administrative procedure

Subject to section 203 (i), the administrative procedure and judicial  review provisions of subchapter II of chapter 5 and chapter 7 of title  5, United States Code, shall apply to all proceedings under this title. 
 
Chapter 2.-DOMESTIC CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS 

Sec. 
221. Reports of currency transactions required. 
222. Persons required to file reports. 
223. Reporting procedure. 


Ante, p. 1120.

80 Stat. 381. 5 USC 551, 701.
§ 221. Reports of currency transactions required

Transactions involving any domestic financial institution shall be reported to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and in such detail as the Secretary may require if they involve the payment, receipt, or transfer of United States currency, or such other monetary instruments as the Secretary may specify, in such amounts, denominations, or both, or under such circumstances, as the Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. 

§ 222. Persons required to file reports

The report of any transaction required to be reported under this chapter shall be signed or otherwise made both by the domestic financial institution involved and by one or more of the other parties thereto or participants therein, as the Secretary may require. If any party to or participant in the transaction is not an individual acting only for himself, the report shall identify the person or persons on whose behalf the transaction is entered into, and shall be made by the individuals acting as agents or bailees with respect thereto.  

§ 223. Reporting procedure
 
(a) The Secretary may in his discretion designate domestic financial institutions, individually or by class, as agents of the United States to receive reports required under this chapter, except that an institution which is not insured, chartered, examined, or registered as such by any agency of the United States may not be so designated without its consent. The Secretary may suspend or revoke any such designation for any violation of this Act, of section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or section 411 of the National Housing Act.

(b) Any person (other than an institution designated under subsection (a) ) required to file a report under this chapter with respect to a transaction with a domestic financial institution shall file the report with that institution, except that (1) if the institution is not designated under subsection (a), the report Shall be filed as the Secretary shall prescribe, and (2) any such person may, at his election and in lieu of filing the report in the manner hereinabove prescribed, file the report with the Secretary. Domestic financial institutions designated under subsection (a) shall transmit reports filed with them, and shall file their own reports, as the Secretary shall prescribe. 

Chapter 3.-REPORTS OF EXPORTS AND IMPORTS OF MONETARY INSTRUMENTS
Sec.
231. Reports required.
232. Forfeiture.
233. Civil liability.
234. Remission by the Secretary. 
235. Enforcement authority.

§ 231. Reports required
 
(a) Except as provided in subsection (c) of this section, whoever, whether as principal, agent, or bailee, or by an agent or bailee, knowingly

(1) transports or causes to be transported monetary instruments

(A) from any place within the United States to or through any place outside the United States, or
(B) to any place within the United States from or through any place outside the United States, or
(2) receives monetary instruments at the termination of their transportation to the United States from or through any place outside the United States

in an amount exceeding $5,000 on any one occasion shall file a report or report's in accordance with subsection (b) of this section. 
84 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 91-508—OCT. 26, 1970

1123

(b) Reports required under this section shall be filed at such times and places, and may contain such of the following information and any additional information, in such form and in such detail, as the Secretary may require: 
(1) The legal capacity in which the person filing the report is acting with respect to the monetary instruments transported.
(2) The origin, destination, and route of the transportation.
(3) Where the monetary instruments are not legally and beneficially owned by the person transporting the same, or are transported for any purpose other than the use in his own behalf of the person transporting the same, the identities of the persons from whom the monetary instruments are received, or to whom they are to be delivered, or both.
(4) The amounts and types of monetary instruments transported.
(c) Subsection (a) does not apply to any common carrier of passengers in respect of monetary instruments in the possession of its passengers, nor to any common carrier of goods in respect of shipments of monetary instruments not declared to be such by the shipper.

§232. Forfeiture
(a) Any monetary instruments which are in the process of any transportation with respect to which any report required to be filed under section 231 (1) either has not been filed or contains material omissions or misstatements are subject to seizure and forfeiture to the United States.
(b) For the purpose of this section, monetary instruments transported by mail, by any common carrier, or by any messenger or bailee, are in process of transportation from the time they are delivered into the possession of the postal service, common carrier, messenger, or bailee until the time they are delivered into or retained in the possession of the addressee or intended recipient or any agent of the addressee or intended recipient for purposes other than further transportation within, or across any border of, the United States.

§233. Civil liability
The Secretary my assess a civil penalty upon any person who fails to file any report required under section 231, or who files such a report containing any material omission or misstatement. The amount of the penalty shall not exceed the amount of the monetary instruments with respect to whose transportation the report was required to be filed. The liabilities imposed by this chapter are in addition to any other liabilities, civil or criminal, except that the liability under this section shall be reduced by any amount actually forfeited under section 232.

§234. Remission by the Secretary
The Secretary may in his discretion remit any forfeiture or penalty under this chapter in whole or in part upon such terms and conditions as he deems reasonable and just.

§235. Enforcement authority
(a) If the Secretary has reason to believe that monetary instruments are in the process of transportation and with respect to which a report required under section 231 has not been filed or contains material omissions or misstatements, he may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for a search warrant. Upon a showing of probable cause, the court may issue a warrant authorizing the search of any or all of the following:
(1) One or more designated persons.
(2) One or more designated or described places or premises.
(3) One or more designated or described letters, parcels, packages, or other physical objects.
(4) One or more designated or described vehicles.

Any application for a search warrant pursuant to this section shall be accompanied by allegations of fact supporting the application.

(b) This section is not in derogation of the authority of the Secretary under any other law.

Chapter 4.—FOREIGN TRANSACTIONS
Sec.
241. Records and reports required.
242. Classifications and requirements.

§ 241. Records and reports required

(a) The Secretary of the Treasury, having due regard for the need to avoid impeding or controlling the export or import of currency or other monetary instruments and having due regard also for the need to avoid burdening unreasonably persons who legitimately engage in transactions with foreign financial agencies, shall by regulation require any resident or citizen of the United States, or person in the United States and doing business therein, who engages in any transaction or maintains any relationship, directly or indirectly, on behalf of himself or another, with a foreign financial agency to maintain records or to file reports, or both, setting forth such of the following information, in such form and in such detail, as the Secretary may require:

(1) The identities and addresses of the parties to the transaction or relationship.
(2) The legal capacities in which the parties to the transaction or relationship are acting, and the identities of the real parties in interest if one or more of the parties are not acting solely as principals.
(3) A description of the transaction or relationship including the amounts of money, credit, or other property involved.

(b) No person required to maintain records under this section shall be required to produce or otherwise disclose the contents of the records except in compliance with a subpoena or summons duly authorized and issued or as may otherwise be required by law.

§ 242. Classifications and requirements

The Secretary may prescribe:

(1) Any reasonable classification of persons subject to or exempt from any requirement imposed under section 241.
(2) The foreign country or countries as to which any requirement imposed under section 241 applies or does not apply if, in the judgment of the Secretary, uniform applicability of any such requirement to all foreign countries is unnecessary or undesirable.
(3) The magnitude of transactions subject to any requirement imposed under section 241.
(4) Types of transactions subject to or exempt from any requirement imposed under section 241.
(5) Such other matters as he may deem necessary to the application of this chapter.

TITLE III.—MARGIN REQUIREMENTS

§ 301. Amendment of section 7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

(a) Section 7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78g) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
84 STAT. ] PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970 1125

"(f) (1) It is unlawful for any United States person, or any foreign person controlled by a United States person or actin on behalf of or in conjunction with such person, to obtain, receive, or enjoy the beneficial use of a loan or other extension of credit from any lender (without regard to whether the lender's office or place of business is in a State or the transaction occurred in whole or in part within a State) for the purpose of (A) purchasing or carrying United States securities, or (B) purchasing or carrying within the United States of any other securities, if, under this section or rules and regulations prescribed thereunder, the loan or other credit transaction is prohibited or would be prohibited if it had been made or the transaction has otherwise occured in a lender's office or other place of business in a State.

"(2) For the purposes of this subsection--
     "(A) The term 'United States person' includes a person which is organized or exists under the laws of any State or, in the case of a natural person, a citizen or resident of the United States; a domestic estate; or a trust in which one of more of the fore- going persons has a cumulative direct or indirect beneficial interest in excess of 50 per centum of the value of the trust.
     "(B) The term 'United States security' means a security (other than an exempted security) issued by a person incorporated under the laws of any State, or whose principal place of business is within a State.
     "(C) The term 'foreign person controlled by a United States person' includes any noncorporate entity in which United States persons directly or indirectly have more than a 50 per centum beneficial interest, and any corporation in which one or more United States persons, directly or indirectly, own stock possessing more than 50 per centum of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote, or more than 50 per centum of the total value of shares of all classes of stock.
     
  "(3) The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may, in its discretion and with due regard for the purposes of this section, by rule or regulation exempt any class of United States persons or foreign persons controlled by a United States person from the application of this subsection."

      (b)  The amendment made by subsection (a) of this section does not affect the continuing validity of any rule or regulation under section 7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in effect prior to the effective date of the amendment.

TITLE IV--EFFECTIVE DATES

§ 401. Effective dates
     (a) Except as otherwise provided in this section, titles I, II, and III of this Act and the amendments made thereby take effect on the first day of the seventh calendar month which begins after the date of enactment.
     (b) The Secretary of the Treasury may by regulation provide that any provision of title I or II or any amendment made thereby shall be effective on any date not earlier than the publication of the regulation in the Federal Register and not later than the first day of the thirteenth calendar month which begins after the date of enactment.
    (c) The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may by regulation provide that the amendment made by title III shall be effective on any date not earlier than the publication of the regulation in the Federal Register and not later than the first day of the thirteenth calendar month which begins after the date of enactment.
PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT 26, 1970	[84 STAT.

TITLE V-PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT CARDS

15 USC 1602.

SEC. 501. Section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (82 Stat. 146) is amended by redesignating subsections (j), (k), and (l) as subsections (p), (q), and (r), respectively, and by adding after subsection (i) the following:

"(j) The term 'adequate notice’, as used in section 133, means a printed notice to a cardholder which sets forth the pertinent facts clearly and conspicuously so that a person against whom it is to operate could reasonably be expected to have noticed it and understood its meaning, Such notice may be given to a cardholder by printing the notice on any credit card, or on each periodic statement of account, issued to the cardholder, or by any other means reasonably assuring the receipt thereof by the cardholder.

"(k) The term 'credit card’ means any card, plate, coupon book or other credit device existing for the purpose of obtaining money, property, labor, or services on credit.

"(l) The term 'accepted credit card’ means any credit card which the cardholder has requested and received or has signed or has used, or authorized another to use, for the purpose of obtaining money, property, labor, or services on credit.

(m) The term ‘cardholder’ means any person to whom a credit card is issued or any person who has agreed with the card issuer to pay obligations arising from the issuance of a credit card to another person.

(n) The term 'card issuer' means any person who issues a credit card, or the agent of such person with respect to such card.

“(o) The term 'unauthorized use’, as used in section 133, means a use of a credit card by a person other than the cardholder who does not have actual, implied, or apparent authority for such use and from which the cardholder receives no benefit,".

Sec. 502. (a) The Truth in Lending Act (82 Stat. 146) is amended by adding after section 131 the following sections:

"§ 132. Issuance of credit cards

No credit card shall be issued except in response to a request or application therefor. This prohibition does not apply to the issuance of a credit card in renewal of, or in substitution for, an accepted credit card.

“§ 133. Liability of holder of credit card

(a) A cardholder shall be liable for the unauthorized use of a credit card only if the card is an accepted credit card, the liability is not in excess of $50, the card issuer gives adequate notice to the cardholder of the potential liability, the card issuer has provided the cardholder with a self-addressed, prestamped notification to be mailed by the cardholder in the event of the loss or theft of the credit card, and the unauthorized use occurs before the cardholder has notified the card issuer that an unauthorized use of the credit card has occurred or may occur as the result of loss, theft, or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no cardholder shall be liable for the unauthorized use of any credit card which was issued on or after the effective date of this section, and, after the expiration of twelve months following such effective date, no cardholder shall be liable for the unauthorized use of any credit card regardless of the date of its issuance, unless (1) the conditions of liability specified in the preceding sentence are met, and (2) the card issuer has provided a method whereby the user of such card can be identified as the person authorized to use it. For the purposes of this section, a cardholder notifies a card issuer by taking such steps as may he reasonably required in the ordinary course of business to provide the card issuer with the pertinent information whether or not any particular officer, employee, or agent of the card issuer does in fact receive such information.
84 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970

1127

"(b) In any action by a card issuer to enforce liability for the use of a credit card, the burden of proof is upon the card issuer to show that the use was authorized or, if the use was unauthorized, then the burden of proof is upon the card issuer to show that the conditions of liability for the unauthorized use of a credit card, as set forth in subsection (a), have been met.

"(c) Nothing in this section imposes liability upon a cardholder for the unauthorized use of a credit card in excess of his liability for such use under other applicable law or under any agreement with the card issuer.

"(d) Except as provided in this section, a cardholder incurs no liability from the unauthorized use of a credit card.

§ 134. Fraudulent use of credit card

"Whoever, in a transaction affecting interstate or foreign commerce, uses any counterfeit, fictitious, altered, forged, lost, stolen, or fraudulently obtained credit card to obtain goods or services, or both, having a retail value aggregating $5,000 or more, shall be fined not more than $10,000 or imprisoned not more than five years, or both."

(b) The table of contents of chapter 2 of the Truth in Lending Act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:

"132. Issuance of credit cards.
"133. Liability of holder of credit card.
"134. Fraudulent use of credit card."

Sec. 503. The amendments to the Truth in Lending Act made by this title become effective as follows:

(1) Section 132 of such Act takes effect upon the date of enactment of this title.

(2) Section 133 of such Act takes effect upon the expiration of 90 days after such date of enactment.

(3) Section 134 of such Act applies to offenses committed on or after such date of enactment.


TITLE VI—PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES

AMENDMENT OF CONSUMER CREDIT PROTECTION ACT

Sec. 601. The Consumer Credit Protection Act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new title:

"TITLE VI—CONSUMER CREDIT REPORTING

"Sec.
"601. Short title.
"602. Findings and purpose.
"603. Definitions and rules of construction.
"604. Permissible purposes of reports.
"605. Obsolete information.
"606. Disclosure of investigative consumer reports.
"607. Compliance procedures.
"608. Disclosures to governmental agencies.
"609. Disclosure to consumers.
"610. Conditions of disclosure to consumers.
"611. Procedures in case of disputed accuracy.
"612. Charges for certain disclosures.
"613. Public record information for employment purposes.
"614. Restrictions on investigative consumer reports.
"615. Requirements on users of consumer reports.
"616. Civil liability for willful noncompliance.
"617. Civil liability for negligent noncompliance.
"618. Jurisdiction of courts; limitation of actions.
"619. Obtaining information under false pretenses.
"620. Unauthorized disclosures by officers or employees.
"621. Administrative enforcement.
"622. Relation to State laws.

1128                   PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                        [84 STAT.

                          "§ 601. Short title
          "This title may be cited as the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
        "§ 602. Findings and purpose
          "(a) The Congress makes the following findings:
          "(1) The banking system is dependent upon fair and accurate 
        credit reporting. Inaccurate credit reports directly impair the ef-
        ficiency of the banking system, and unfair credit reporting methods
        undermine the public confidence which is essential to the continued
        functioning of the banking system.
          "(2) An elaborate mechanism has been developed for investigating
        and evaluating the credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity,
        character, and general reputation of consumers.
          "(3) Consumer reporting agencies have assumed a vital role in
        assembling and evaluating consumer credit and other information on
        CoIlSlUners.
          "(4) There is a need to insure that consumer reporting agencies
        exercise their grave responsibilities with fairness, impartiality, and
        a respect for the consumer's right to privacy.
          "(b) It is the purpose of this title to require that consumer report-
        ing agencies adopt reasonable procedures for meeting the needs of
        commerce for consumer credit, personnel, insurance, and other in-
        formation in a manner which is fair and equitable to the consumer,
        with regard to the confidentiality, accuracy, relevancy, and proper
        utilization of such information in accordance with the requirements
        of this title.
         "§ 603. Definitions and rules of construction
          "(a) Definitions and rules of construction set forth in this section
        are applicable for the purposes of this title.
          "(b) The term 'person' means any individual, partnership, corpo-
        ration, trust, estate, cooperative, association, government or govern-
        mental subdivision or agency, or other entity.
          "(c) The term 'consumer' means an individual.
          "(d) The term 'consumer report' means any written, oral, or other
        communication of any information by a consumer reporting agency
        bearing on a consumer's credit worthiness, credit standing, credit
        capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or
        mode of living which is used or expected to be used or collected in
        whole or in part for the purpose of serving as a factor in establishing
        the consumer's eligibility for (1) credit or insurance to be used pri-
        marily for personal, family, or household purposes, or (2) employ-
        ment purposes, or (3) other purposes authorized under section 604.
        The term does not include (A) any report containing information
        solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and
        the person making the report; (B) any authorization or approval of
        a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly by the issuer of
        a credit card or similar device; or (C) any report in which a person
        who has been requested by a third party to make a specific extension
        of credit directly or indirectly to a consumer conveys his decision
        with respect to such request, if the third party advises the consumer
        of the name and address of the person to whom the request was made
        and such person makes the disclosures to the consumer required under
        section 615.
           "(e) The term 'investigative consumer report' means a consumer
        report or portion thereof in which information on a consumer's
        character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of liv-
        ing is obtained through personal interviews with neighbors, friends,
        or associates of the consumer reported on or with others with whom
        he is acquainted or who may have knowledge concerning any such
84 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 91-508 — OCT. 26, 1970

1129

items of information. However, such information shall not include specific factual information on a consumer's credit record obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from a consumer re~ porting agency when such information was obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from the consumer.

"(f) The term 'consumer reporting agency' means any person which, for monetary fees, dues, or on a cooperative nonprofit basis, regularly engages in whole or in part in the practice of assembling or evaluating consumer credit information or other information on consumers for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports to third parties, and which uses any means or facility of interstate commerce for the purpose of preparing or furnishing consumer reports.

"(g) The term 'file', when used in connection with information on any consumer, means all of the information on that consumer recorded and retained by a consumer reporting agency regardless of how the information is stored.

"(h) The term 'employment purposes' when used in connection with a consumer report means a report used for the purpose of evaluating a consumer for employment, promotion, reassignment or retention as an employee.

"(i) The term 'medical information' means information or records obtained, with the consent of the individual to whom it relates, from licensed physicians or medical practitioners, hospitals, clinics, or other medical or medically related facilities.

"§ 604. Permissible purposes of reports "A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other:

"(1) In response to the order of a court having jurisdiction to issue such an order.

"(2) In accordance with the written instructions of the consumer to whom it relates.

"(3) To a person which it has reason to believe—

"(A) intends to use the information in connection with a credit transaction involving the consumer on whom the information is to be furnished and involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an account of, the consumer; or

"(B) intends to use the information for employment purposes;

or

"(C) intends to use the information in connection with the underwriting of insurance involving the consumer; or

"(D) intends to use the information in connection with a determination of the consumer's eligibility for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental instrumentality required by law to consider an applicant's financial responsibility or status; or

"(E) otherwise has a legitimate business need for the information in connection with a business transaction involving the consumer.

"§ 605. Obsolete information

"(a) Except as authorized under subsection (b), no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information:

"(1) Bankruptcies which, from date of adjudication of the most recent bankruptcy, antedate the report by more than fourteen years.

"(2) Suits and judgments which, from date of entry, antedate the report by more than seven years or until the governing statute of limitations has expired, whichever is the longer period.

"(3) Paid tax liens which, from date of payment, antedate the report by more than seven years.
"(4) Accounts placed for collection or charged to profit and loss which antedate the report by more than seven years.
"(5) Records of arrest, indictment, or conviction of crime which, from date of disposition, release, or parole, antedate the report by more than seven years.
"(6) Any other adverse item of information which antedates the report by more than seven years.
"(b) The provisions of subsection (a) are not applicable in the case of any consumer credit report to be used in connection with—
"(1) a credit transaction involving, or which may reasonably be expected to involve, a principal amount of $50,000 or more;
"(2) the underwriting of life insurance involving, or which may reasonably be expected to involve, a face amount of $50,000 or more; or
"(3) the employment of any individual at an annual salary which equals, or which may reasonably be expected to equal $20,000, or more.

"§ 606. Disclosure of investigative consumer reports
"(a) A person may not procure or cause to be prepared an investigative consumer report on any consumer unless—
"(1) it is clearly and accurately disclosed to the consumer that an investigative consumer report including information as to his character, general reputation, personal characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, and such disclosure (A) is made in a writing mailed, or otherwise delivered, to the consumer, not later than three days after the date on which the report was first requested, and (B) includes a statement informing the consumer of his right to request the additional disclosures provided for under subsection (b) of this section; or
"(2) the report is to be used for employment purposes for which the consumer has not specifically applied.
"(b) Any person who procures or causes to be prepared an investigative consumer report on any consumer shall, upon written request made by the consumer within a reasonable period of time after the receipt by him of the disclosure required by subsection (a)(1), shall make a complete and accurate disclosure of the nature and scope of the investigation requested. This disclosure shall be made in a writing mailed, or otherwise delivered, to the consumer not later than five days after the date on which the request for such disclosure was received from the consumer or such report was first requested, whichever is the later.
"(c) No person may be held liable for any violation of subsection
(a) or (b) of this section if he shows by a preponderance of the evidence that at the time of the violation he maintained reasonable procedures to assure compliance with subsection (a) or (b).

"§ 607. Compliance procedures
"(a) Every consumer reporting agency shall maintain reasonable procedures designed to avoid violations of section 605 and to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to the purposes listed under section 604. These procedures shall require that prospective users of the information identify themselves, certify the purposes for which the information is sought, and certify that the information will be used for no other purpose. Every consumer reporting agency shall make a reasonable effort to verify the identity of a new prospective user and the uses certified by such prospective user prior to furnishing such user a consumer report. No consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report to any person if it has reasonable grounds for believing that the consumer report will not be used for a purpose listed in section 604."
84 Stat.]          PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                                                                                                                   1131

    "(b) Whenever a consumer reporting agency prepares a consumer
report it shall follow reasonable procedures to assure maximum possi-
ble accuracy of the information concerning the individual about whom
the report relates.

"§ 608. Disclosure to governmental agencies
    "Notwithstanding the provisions of section 604, a consumer report-
ing agency may furnish identifying information respecting any
consumer, limited to his name, address, former addresses, places of
employment, or former places of employment, to a governmental
agency.
                                                                    
"§ 609. Disclosures to consumers
    "(a) Every consumer reporting agency shall, upon request and
proper identification of any consumer, clearly and accurately disclose
to the consumer:
        "(1) The nature and substance of all information (except medical
    information) in its files on the consumer at the time of the request.
        "(2) The sources of the information; except that the sources of
   information acquired solely for use in preparing an investigative con-
   sumer report and actually used for no other purpose need not be dis-
   closed: Provided, That in the event an action is brought under this
   title, such sources shall be available to the plaintiff under appropriate
   discovery procedures in the court in which the action is brought.
        "(3) The recipients of any consumer report on the consumer which
    it has furnished-
        "(A) for employment purposes within the two-year period
     preceding the request, and
        "(B) for any other purpose within the six-month period pre-
    ceding the request.
    "(b) The requirements of subsection (a) respecting the disclosure
of sources of information and the recipients of consumer reports do
not apply to information received or consumer reports furnished prior
to the effective date of this title except to the extent that the matter
involved is contained in the files of the consumer reporting agency on
that date.
  
"§ 610. Conditions of disclosure to consumers
    "(a) A consumer reporting agency shall make the disclosures
required under section 609 during normal business hours and on
reasonable notice.
    "(b) The disclosures required under section 609 shall be made to the
consumer-
        "(1) in person if he appears in person and furnishes proper
    identification; or
        "(2) by telephone if he has made a written request, with
    proper identification, for telephone disclosure and the toll charge,
    if any, for the telephone call is prepaid by or changed directly to
    the consumer.
    "(c) Any consumer reporting agency shall provide trained person-
nel to explain to the consumer any information furnished to him pur-
suant to section 609.
    "(d) The consumer shall be permitted to be accompanied by one
other person of his choosing, who shall furnish reasonable identifica-
tion. A consumer reporting agency may require the consumer to fur-
nish a written statement granting permission to the consumer
reporting agency to discuss the consumer's file in such person’s
presence.
    "(e) Except as provided in sections 616 and 617, no consumer may
bring any action or proceeding in the nature of defamation, invasion of
privacy, or negligence with respect to the reporting of information
against any consumer reporting agency, any user of information, or any person who furnishes information to a consumer reporting agency, based on information disclosed pursuant to section 609, 610, or 615, except as to false information furnished with malice or willful intent to injure such consumer.

"§ 611. Procedure in case of disputed accuracy

"(a) If the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in his file is disputed by a consumer, and such dispute is directly conveyed to the consumer reporting agency by the consumer, the consumer reporting agency shall within a reasonable period of time reinvestigate and record the current status of that information unless it has reasonable grounds to believe that the dispute by the consumer is frivolous or irrelevant. If after such reinvestigation such information is found to be inaccurate or can no longer be verified, the consumer reporting agency shall promptly delete such information. The presence of contradictory information in the consumer’s file does not in and of itself constitute reasonable grounds for believing the dispute is frivolous or irrelevant.

"(b) If the reinvestigation does not resolve the dispute, the consumer may file a brief statement setting forth the nature of the dispute. The consumer reporting agency may limit such statements to not more than one hundred words if it provides the consumer with assistance in writing a clear summary of the dispute.

"(c) Whenever a statement of a dispute is filed, unless there is reasonable grounds to believe that it is frivolous or irrelevant, the consumer reporting agency shall, in any subsequent consumer report containing the information in question, clearly note that it is disputed by the consumer and provide either the consumer’s statement or a clear and accurate codification or summary thereof.

"(d) Following any deletion of information which is found to be inaccurate or whose accuracy can no longer be verified or any notation as to disputed information, the consumer reporting agency shall, at the request of the consumer, furnish notification that the item has been deleted or the statement, codification or summary pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) to any person specifically designated by the consumer who has within two years prior thereto received a consumer report for employment purposes, or within six months prior thereto received a consumer report for any other purpose, which contained the deleted or disputed information. The consumer reporting agency shall clearly and conspicuously disclose to the consumer his rights to make such a request. Such disclosure shall be made at or prior to the time the information is deleted or the consumer’s statement regarding the disputed information is received.

"§ 612. Charges for certain disclosures

"A consumer reporting agency shall make all disclosures pursuant to section 609 and furnish all consumer reports pursuant to section 611(d) without charge to the consumer if, within thirty days after receipt by such consumer of a notification pursuant to section 615 or notification from a debt collection agency affiliated with such consumer reporting agency stating that the consumer’s credit rating may be or has been adversely affected, the consumer makes a request under section 609 or 611(d). Otherwise, the consumer reporting agency may impose a reasonable charge on the consumer for making disclosure to such consumer pursuant to section 609, the charge for which shall be indicated to the consumer prior to making disclosure; and for furnishing notifications, statements, summaries, or codifications to person designated by the consumer pursuant to section 611(d), the charge for which shall be indicated to the consumer prior to furnish
84 STAT. ]    PUBLIC LAW 91-508 - OCT. 26. 1970                                                        1133

ing such information and shall not exceed the charge that the consumer reporting agency would impose on each designated recipient for a consumer report except that no charge may be made for notifying such persons of the deletion of information which is found to be inaccurate or which can no longer be verified.

"§ 613. Public record information for employment purposes
"A consumer reporting agency which furnishes a consumer report for employment purposes and which for that purpose compiles and reports items of information on consumers which are matters of public record and are likely to have an adverse effect upon a consumer's ability to obtain employment shall-
        "(1) at the time such public record information is reported to the user of such consumer report, notify the consumer of the fact that public record information is being reported by the consumer reporting agency, together with the name and address of the person to whom such information is being reported; or
        "(2) maintain strict procedures designed to insure that whenever public record information which is likely to have an adverse effect on a consumer's ability to obtain employment is reported it is complete and up to date. For purposes of this paragraph, items of public record relating to arrests, indictments, convictions, suits, tax liens, and outstanding judgments shall be considered up to date if the current public record status of the item at the time of the report is reported.

"§ 614. Restrictions on investigative consumer reports
"Whenever a consumer reporting agency prepares an investigative consumer report, no adverse information in the consumer report (other than information which is a matter of public record) may be included in a subsequent consumer report unless such adverse information has been verified in the process of making such subsequent consumer report, or the adverse information was received within the three-month period preceeding the date the subsequent report is furnished.

"§ 615. Requirements on users of consumer reports
    "(a) Whenever credit or insurance for personal, family, or household purposes, or employment involving a consumer is denied or the charge for such credit or insurance is increased either wholly or partly because of information contained in a consumer report from a consumer reporting agency, the user of the consumer report shall so advise the consumer against whom such adverse action has been taken and supply the name and address of the consumer reporting agency making the report.
    "(b) Whenever credit for personal, family, or household purposes involving a consumer is denied or the charge for such credit is increased either wholly or partly because of information obtained from a person other than a consumer reporting agency bearing upon the consumer's credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living, the user of such information shall, within a reasonable period of time, upon the consumer's written request for the reasons for such adverse action received within sixty days after learning of such adverse action, disclose the nature of the information to the consumer. The user of such information shall clearly and accurately disclose to the consumer his right to make such written request at the time such adverse action is communicated to the consumer.
    "(c) No person shall be held liable for any violation of this section if he shows by a preponderance of the evidence that at the time of the alleged violation he maintained reasonable procedures to assure compliance with the provisions of subsections (a) and (b).
"§ 616. Civil liability for willful noncompliance

"Any consumer reporting agency or user of information which willfully fails to comply with any requirement imposed under this title with respect to any consumer is liable to that consumer in an amount equal to the sum of—
   "(1) any actual damages sustained by the consumer as a result
         of the failure;
   "(2) such amount of punitive damages as the court may allow;
   and
   "(3) in the case of any successful action to enforce any liability
   under this section, the costs of the action together with reasonable
   attorney's fees as determined by the court.

"§ 617. Civil liability for negligent noncompliance

"Any consumer reporting agency or user of information which is negligent in failing to comply with any requirement imposed under this title with respect to any consumer is liable to that consumer in an amount equal to the sum of—
   "(1) any actual damages sustained by the consumer as a result
           of the failure;
   "(2) in the case of any successful action to enforce any liability
   under this section, the costs of the action together with reasonable
   attorney's fees as determined by the court.

"§ 618. Jurisdiction of courts; limitation of actions

"An action to enforce any liability created under this title may be brought in any appropriate United States district court without regard to the amount in controversy, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, within two years from the date on which the liability arises, except that where a defendant has materially and willfully misrepresented any information required under this title to be disclosed to an individual and the information so misrepresented is material to the establishment of the defendant's liability to that individual under this title, the action may be brought at any time within two years after discovery by the individual of the misrepresentation.

"§ 619. Obtaining information under false pretenses

"Any person who knowingly and willfully obtains information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretenses shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than one year, or both.

"§ 620. Unauthorized disclosures by officers or employees

"Any officer or employe of a consumer reporting agency who knowingly and willfully provides information concerning an individual from the agency's files to a person not authorized to receive that information shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than one year, or both.

"§ 621. Administrative enforcement

“(a) Compliance with the requirements imposed under this title shall be enforced under the Federal Trade Commission Act by the Federal Trade Commission with respect to consumer reporting agencies and all other persons subject thereto, except to the extent that enforcement of the requirements imposed under this title is specifically committed to some other government agency under subsection (b) hereof. For the purpose of the exercise by the Federal Trade Commission of its functions and powers under the Federal Trade Commission Act, a violation of any requirement or prohibition imposed".
84 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970

1135

under this title shall constitute an unfair or deceptive act or practice in commerce in violation of section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act and shall be subject to enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission under section 5(b) thereof with respect to any consumer reporting agency or person subject to enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to this subsection, irrespective of whether that person is engaged in commerce or meets any other jurisdictional tests in the Federal Trade Commission Act. The Federal Trade Commission shall have such procedural, investigative, and enforcement powers, including the power to issue procedural rules in enforcing compliance with the requirements imposed under this title and to require the filing of reports, the production of documents, and the appearance of witnesses as though the applicable terms and conditions of the Federal Trade Commission Act were part of this title. Any person violating any of the provisions of this title shall be subject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act as though the applicable terms and provisions thereof were part of this title.
    "(b) Compliance with the requirements imposed under this title with respect to consumer reporting agencies and persons who use consumer reports from such agencies shall be enforced under—
        "(1) section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, in the case of:
        “(A) national banks, by the Comptroller of the Currency;
        “(B) member banks of the Federal Reserve System (other than national banks), by the Federal Reserve Board; and
        “(C) banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (other than members of the Federal Reserve System), by the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
        “(2) section 6 (d) of the Home Owners Loan Act of 1933, section 407 of the National Housing Act, and sections 6(i) and 17 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (acting directly or through the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation), in the case of any institutions subject to any of those provisions;
        “(3) the Federal Credit Union Act, by the Administrator of the National Credit Union Administration with respect to any Federal credit union;
        “(4) the Acts to regulate commerce, by the Interstate Commerce Commission with respect to any common carrier subject to those Acts;
        “(5) the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, by the Civil Aeronautics Board with respect to any air carrier or foreign air carrier subject to that Act; and
        “(6) the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (except as provided in section 406 of that Act), by the Secretary of Agriculture with respect to any activities subject to that Act.
    “(c) For the purpose of the exercise by any agency referred to in subsection (b) of its powers under any Act referred to in that subsection, a violation of any requirement imposed under this title shall be deemed to be a violation of a requirement imposed under that Act. In addition to its powers under any provision of law specifically referred to in subsection (b), each of the agencies referred to in that subsection may exercise, for the purpose of enforcing compliance with any requirement imposed under this title any other authority conferred on it by law.

66 Stat. 632.
15 USC 45.
52 Stat. 112.


64 Stat. 879;
80 Stat. 1046,
1054.
12 USC 1818.

80 Stat. 1028.
12 USC 1464.
88 Stat. 1306.
12 USC 1724.
47 Stat. 727;
62 Stat. 649.
12 USC 1426,
1437.

73 Stat. 628;
Ante, pp. 49, 994.
12 USC 1751.

49 USC 1 et seq.
72 Stat. 731.
49 USC 1301
note.

42 Stat. 159.
7 USC 181.
72 Stat, 1749.
7 USC 226,227.
PUBLIC LAW 91-509-OCT. 26, 1970 

"§ 622. Relation to State laws 
"This title does not annul, alter, affect, or exempt any person subject to the provisions of this title from complying with the laws of any State with respect to the collection, distribution, or use of any information on consumers, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this title, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency." 

EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 602. Section 504 of the Consumer Credit Protection Act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: 
"(d) Title VI takes effect upon the expiration of one hundred and eighty days following the date of its enactment." 
Approved October 26, 1970.
