PUBLIC LAW 99-570-OCT. 27, 1986 				100 STAT. 3207-18

Subtitle H—Money Laundering Control Act of 1986

SEC. 1351. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the “Money Laundering Control Act of 1986.”

SEC. 1352. NEW OFFENSE FOR LAUNDERING OF MONETARY INSTRUMENTS.
(a) Chapter 95 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
“$ 1956. Laundering of monetary instruments
“(a)(1) Whoever, knowing that the property involved in a financial transaction represents the proceeds of some form of unlawful activity, conducts or attempts to conduct such a financial transaction which in fact involves the proceeds of specified unlawful activity—
“(A) with the intent to promote the carrying on of specified unlawful activity; or
“(B) knowing that the transaction is designed in whole or in part—
“(i) to conceal or disguise the nature, the location, the source, the ownership, or the control of the proceeds of specified unlawful activity; or
“(ii) to avoid a transaction reporting requirement under State or Federal law,
shall be sentenced to a fine of not more than $500,000 or twice the value of the property involved in the transaction, whichever is greater, or imprisonment for not more than twenty years, or both.
“(2) Whoever transports or attempts to transport a monetary instrument or funds from a place in the United States to or through
a place outside the United States or to a place in the United States from or through a place outside the United States—
100 STAT. 3207-19		PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

"(A) with the intent to promote the carrying on of specified unlawful activity; or
"(B) knowing that the monetary instrument or funds involved in the transportation represent the proceeds of some form of unlawful activity and knowing that such transportation is de- signed in whole or in part—
"(i) to conceal or disguise the nature, the location, the source, the ownership, or the control of the proceeds of specified unlawful activity; or
"(ii) to avoid a transaction reporting requirement under State or Federal law;
shall be sentenced to a fine of $500,000 or twice the value of the monetary instrument or funds involved in the transportation, whichever is greater, or imprisonment for not more than twenty years, or both.
“(b) Whoever conducts or attempts to conduct a transaction de- scribed in subsection (a)(l), or a transportation described in sub- section (a)(2), is liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than the greater of—
“(1) the value of the property, funds, or monetary instruments involved in the transaction; or
“(2) $10,000.
“(c) As used in this section—
“(1) the term ‘knowing that the property involved in a finan-
cial transaction represents the proceeds of some form of unlaw-
ful activity’ means that the person knew the property involved 
in the transaction represented proceeds from some form, though 
not necessarily which form, of activity that constitutes a felony under State or Federal law, regardless of whether or not such activity is specified in paragraph (7);
“(2) the term ‘conducts includes initiating, concluding, or participating in initiating, or concluding a transaction;
“(3) the term ‘transaction’ includes a purchase, sale, loan, pledge, gift, transfer, delivery, or other disposition, and with respect to a financial institution includes a deposit, withdrawal, transfer between accounts, exchange of currency, loan, exten- sion of credit, purchase or sale of any stock, bond, certificate of deposit, or other monetary instrument, or any other payment, transfer, or delivery by, through, or to a financial institution, by whatever means effected;
“(4) the term ‘financial transaction’ means a transaction involving the movement of funds by wire or other means or involving one or more monetary instruments, which in any way or degree affects interstate or foreign commerce, or a trans- action involving the use of a financial institution which is engaged in, or the activities of which affect, interstate or foreign commerce in any way or degree;
“(5) the term ‘monetary instruments’ means coin or currency of the United States or of any other country, travelers’ checks, personal checks, bank checks, money orders, investment securi- ties in bearer form or otherwise in such form that title thereto passes upon delivery, and negotiable instruments in bearer form or otherwise in such form that title thereto passes upon delivery;
“(6) the term ‘financial institution’ has the definition given that term in section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, and the regulations promulgated thereunder;
PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986 100 STAT. 3207-20

"(7) the term 'specified unlawful activity' means—
"(A) any act or activity constituting an offense listed in section 1961(1) of this title except an act which is indictable under the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act;
"(B) with respect to a financial transaction occurring in whole or in part in the United States, an offense against a foreign nation involving the manufacture, importation, sale, or distribution of a controlled substance (as such term is defined for the purposes of the Controlled Substances Act);
"(C) any act or acts constituting a continuing criminal enterprise, as that term is defined in section 408 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 848); or
"(D) an offense under section 152 (relating to concealment of assets; false oaths and claims; bribery), section 215 (relating to commissions or gifts for procuring loans), any of sections 500 through 503 (relating to certain counterfeiting offenses), section 511 (relating to securities of States and private entities), section 543 (relating to smuggling goods into the United States), section 641 (relating to public money, property, or records), section 656 (relating to theft, embezzlement, or misapplication by bank officer or employee), section 666 (relating to theft or bribery concerning programs receiving Federal funds), section 793, 794, or 798 (relating to espionage), section 875 (relating to interstate communications), section 1201 (relating to kidnapping), section 1203 (relating to hostage taking), section 1344 (relating to bank fraud), or section 2113 or 2114 (relating to bank and postal robbery and theft) of this title, section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778), section 2 (relating to criminal penalties) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2401), section 203 (relating to criminal sanctions) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702), or section 3 (relating to criminal violations) of the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 3).

"(d) Nothing in this section shall supersede any provision of Federal, State, or other law imposing criminal penalties or affording civil remedies in addition to those provided for in this section.

"(e) Violations of this section may be investigated by such components of the Department of Justice as the Attorney General may direct, and by such components of the Department of the Treasury as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct, as appropriate. Such authority of the Secretary of the Treasury shall be exercised in accordance with an agreement which shall be entered into by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General.

"(f) There is extraterritorial jurisdiction over the conduct prohibited by this section if— 
"(1) the conduct is by a United States citizen or, in the case of a non-United States citizen, the conduct occurs in part in the United States; and 
"(2) the transaction or series of related transactions involves funds or monetary instruments of a value exceeding $10,000.
100 STAT. 3207-21	PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

18 USC 1957.	“§ 1957. Engaging in monetary transactions in property derived
	from specified unlawful activity
	“(a) Whoever, in any of the circumstances set forth in subsection	
	(d), knowingly engages or attempts to engage in a monetary trans-
	action in
PUBLIC LAW 99-570-OCT. 27, 1986					100 STAT. 3207-22

include only the name or other identifying information concerning any individual or account involved in and the nature of any suspected illegal activity. Such information may be disclosed notwithstanding any constitution, law, or regulation of any State or political subdivision thereof to the contrary. Any financial institution, or officer, employee, or agent thereof, making a disclosure of information pursuant to this subsection, shall not be liable to the customer under any law or regulation of the United States or any constitution, law, or regulation of any State or political subdivision thereof, for such disclosure or for any failure to notify the customer of such disclosure.”.
	(b) Section 1113(i) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3413(i)) is amended by inserting immediately before the period at the end thereof a comma and the following: “except that a court shall have authority to order a financial institution, on which a grand jury subpoena for customer records has been served, not to notify the customer of the existence of the subpoena or information that has been furnished to the grand jury, under the circumstances and for the period specified and pursuant to the procedures established in section 1109 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3409)”.
SEC.1354. STRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS TO EVADE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS PROHIBITED.
	(a) IN GENERAL.-Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code (relating to records and reports on monetary instruments transactions) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section:
“§ 5324. Structuring transactions to evade reporting requirement prohibited						
	“No person shall for the purpose of evading the reporting requirements of section 5313(a) with respect to such transaction-
		“(1) cause or attempt to cause a domestic financial institution to fail to file a report required under section 5313(a);
		“(2) cause or attempt to cause a domestic financial institution to file a report required under section 5313(a) that contains a material omission or misstatement of fact; or
		“(3) structure or assist in structuring, or attempt to structure or assist in structuring, any transaction with one or more domestic financial institutions.”.
	(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.-The table of sections for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new item:
	“5324. Structuring transactions to evade reporting requirement prohibited.”
SEC.1355. SEIZURE AND CIVIL FORFEITURE OF MONETARY INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED PROVISIONS.
	(a) CUSTOMS AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT SEARCHES AT BORDER.-Section 5317(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
		“(b) SEARCHES AT BORDER.-For purposes of ensuring compliance with the requirements of section 5316, a customs officer may stop and search, at the border and without a search warrant, any vehicle, vessel, aircraft, or other conveyance, any envelope or other container, and any person entering or departing from the United States.".
100 STAT. 3207-23 PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

(b) FAILURE TO REPORT EXPORT OR IMPORT OF MONETARY IN STRUMENT.—The first sentence of section 5317(c) of title 31, United States Code (relating to seizure and forfeiture of monetary instruments in foreign commerce) is amended to read as follows: "If a report required under section 5316 with respect to any monetary instrument is not filed (or if filed, contains a material omission or misstatement of fact), the instrument and any interest in property, including a deposit in a financial institution, traceable to such instrument may be seized and forfeited to the United States Government.".

SEC. 1356. COMPLIANCE AUTHORITY FOR SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY AND RELATED MATTERS.

(a) SUMMONS POWER.—Section 5318 of title 31, United States Code, is amended—

(1) by inserting "(a) GENERAL POWERS OF SECRETARY.—" before "The Secretary of the Treasury";

(2) in paragraph (1), by inserting "except as provided in subsection (b)(2)," before "delegate";

(3) by striking out "and" at the end of paragraph (2);

(4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraphs:

"(3) examine any books, papers, records, or other data of domestic financial institutions relevant to the recordkeeping or reporting requirements of this subchapter;

"(4) summon a financial institution, an officer or employee of a financial institution (including a former officer or employee), or any person having possession, custody, or ca re of the reports and records required under this subchapter, to appear before the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate at a time and place named in the summons and to produce such books, papers, records, or other data, and to give testimony, under oath, as may be relevant or material to an investigation described in subsection (b); and";

(5) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (5); and

(6) by adding at the end the following new subsections:

"(b) LIMITATIONS ON SUMMONS POWER.—

"(1) SCOPE OF POWER.—The Secretary of the Treasury may take any action described in paragraph (3) or (4) of subsection (a) only in connection with investigations for the purpose of civil enforcement of violations of this subchapter, section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, section 411 of the National Housing Act, or chapter 2 of Public Law 91-508 (12 U.S.C. 1951 et seq.) or any regulation under any such provision.

"(2) AUTHORITY TO ISSUE.—A summons may be issued under subsection (a)(4) only by, or with the approval of, the Secretary of the Treasury or a supervisory level delegate of the Secretary of the Treasury.

"(c) ADMINISTRATIVE ASPECTS OF SUMMONS.—

"(1) PRODUCTION AT DESIGNATED SITE.—A summons issued pursuant to this section may require that books, papers, records, or other data stored or maintained at any place be produced at any designated location in any State or in any territory or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States not more than 500 miles distant from any place where the financial institution operates or conducts business in the United States.
PUBLIC LAW 99-570-OCT. 27, 1986                 100 STAT. 3207-24

"(2) FEES AND TRAVEL EXPENSES.-Persons summoned under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage for travel in the United States that are paid witnesses in the courts of the United States.
"(3) No LIABILITY FOR EXPENSES.-The United States shall not be liable for any expense, other than an expense described in paragraph (2), incurred in connection with the production of books, papers, records, or other data under this section.
"(d) SERVICE OF SUMMONS.-Service of a summons issued under this section may be by registered mail or in such other manner calculated to give actual notice as the Secretary may prescribe by regulation.
"(e) CONTUMACY OR REFUSAL.-
(1) REFERRAL TO ATTORNEY GENERAL.-In case of contumacy by a person issued a summons under paragraph (3) or (4) of subsection (a) or a refusal by such person to obey such summons, the Secretary of the Treasury shall refer the matter to the Attorney General.
"(2) JURISDICTION OF COURT.-The Attorney General may invoke the aid of any court of the United States within the jurisdiction of which-
"(A) the investigation which gave rise to the summons is being or has been carried on;
"(B) the person summoned is an inhabitant; or
"(C) the person summoned carries on business or may be found,
to compel compliance with the summons.
"(3) COURT ORDER.-The court may issue an order requiring the person summoned to appear before the Secretary or his delegate to produce books, papers, records, and other data, to give testimony as may be necessary to explain how such material was compiled and maintained, and to pay the costs of the proceeding.
"(4) FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ORDER.-Any failure to obey the order of the court may be punished by the court as a contempt thereof.
"(5) SERVICE OF PROCESS.-All process in any case under this subsection may be served in any judicial district in which such person may be found."
(b) AMENDMENT RELATING TO EXEMPTIONS GRANTED FOR MONETARY TRANSACTION REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.-Section 5318 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding after subsection (e) (as added by subsection (a) of this section) the following new subsection:
"(f) WRITTEN AND SIGNED STATEMENT REQUIRED.-No person shall qualify for an exemption under subsection (aX5) unless the relevant financial institution prepares and maintains a statement which-
"(1) describes in detail the reasons why such person is qualified for such exemption; and
"(2) contains the signature of such person." 
(c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.-
(1) Sections 5321 and 5322 of title 31, United States Code, are each amended by striking out "5318(2)" each place such term appears and inserting in lieu thereof "5318(aX2)".
(2) The heading of section 5318 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
100 STAT. 3207-25     PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

“§ 5318. Compliance, exemptions, and summons authority”.
(d) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking out the item relating to section 5318 and inserting in lieu thereof the following: 
‘5318. Compliance, exemptions, and summons authority.’. 
SEC. 1357. PENALTY PROVISIONS.
(a) CIVIL MONEY PENALTY FOR STRUCTURED TRANSACTION VIOLA- TION.—Section 5321(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph: 
“(4) STRUCTURED TRANSACTION VIOLATION.— 
“(A) PENALTY AUTHORIZED.—The Secretary of the Treasury may impose a civil money penalty on any person who willfully violates any provision of section 5324.
31 USC 5324.	
“(B) MAXIMUM AMOUNT LIMITATION.—The amount of any civil money penalty imposed under subparagraph (A) shall not exceed the amount of the coins and currency (or such other monetary instruments as the Secretary may prescribe) involved in the transaction with respect to which such penalty is imposed. 
“(C) COORDINATION WITH FORFEITURE PROVISION.—The amount of any civil money penalty imposed by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by the amount of any forfeiture to the United States under section 5317(d) in connection with the transaction with respect to which such penalty is imposed.”
(b) INCREASE IN AMOUNT OF PENALTY FOR FINANCIAL INSTITU- TIONS.—Section 5321(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by striking out “$10,000” and inserting in lieu thereof “the greater of the amount (not to exceed $100,000) involved in the transaction or $25,000”; and 
(2) by striking out “section 5315” each place such term appears and inserting in lieu thereof “sections 5314 and 5315”. 
(c) SEPARATE CIVIL MONEY PENALTY FOR VIOLATION OF SECTION 5314.—Section 5321(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (4) (as added by subsection (a) of this section) the following new paragraph: 
“(5) FOREIGN FINANCIAL AGENCY TRANSACTION VIOLATION.—
“(A) PENALTY AUTHORIZED.—The Secretary of the Treasury may impose a civil money penalty on any person who willfully violates any provision of section 5314. 
“(B) MAXIMUM AMOUNT LIMITATION.—The amount of any civil money penalty imposed under subparagraph (A) shall not exceed—
‘‘(i) in the case of violation of such section involving a transaction, the greater of—
“(I) the amount (not to exceed $100,000) of the trans- action; or
“(II) $25,000; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of violation of such section involving a failure to report the existence of an account or any identify- ing information required to be provided with respect to such account, the greater of— 
“(I) an amount (not to exceed $100,000) equal to the balance in the account at the time of the violation; or
PUBLIC LAW 99-570-OCT. 27, 1986

(d) SEPARATE CIVIL MONEY PENALTY FOR NEGLIGENT VIOLATION OF SUBCHAPTER.-Section 5321(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (5) (as added by subsection (d) of this section) the following new paragraph:
    "(6) NEGLIGENCE.-The Secretary of the Treasury may impose a civil money penalty of not more than $500 on any financial institution which negligently violates any provision of this subchapter or any regulation prescribed under this subchapter."

(e) EXTENSION OF TIME LIMITATIONS FOR ASSESSMENT OF CIVIL PENALTY.-Section 5321(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
    "(b) TIME LIMITATIONS FOR ASSESSMENTS AND COMMENCEMENT OF CIVIL ACTIONS.-
        "(1) ASSESSMENTS.-The Secretary of the Treasury may assess a civil penalty under subsection (a) at any time before the end of the 6-year period beginning on the date of the transaction with respect to which the penalty is assessed.
        "(2) CIVIL ACTIONS.-The Secretary may commence a civil action to recover a civil penalty assessed under subsection (a) at any time before the end of the 2-year period beginning on the later of-
            "(A) the date the penalty was assessed; or
            "(B) the date any judgment becomes final in any criminal action under section 5322 in connection with the same transaction with respect to which the penalty is assessed.".

(f) CLARIFICATION OF RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CIVIL PENALTY AND CRIMINAL PENALTY.-Section 5321 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
    "(d) CRIMINAL PENALTY NOT EXCLUSIVE OF CIVIL PENALTY.-A civil money penalty may be imposed under subsection (a) with respect to any violation of this subchapter notwithstanding the fact that a criminal penalty is imposed with respect to the same violation.".

(g) AMENDMENTS TO CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR CERTAIN OFFENSES.-Section 5322(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended-
    (1) by striking out "illegal activity involving transactions of" and inserting in lieu thereof "any illegal activity involving"; and 
    (2) by striking out "5 years" and inserting in lieu thereof "10 years".

(h) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.-Section 5321(c) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking out "section 5317(b)" and inserting in lieu thereof "subsection (c) or (d) of section 5317".

SEC. 1358. MONETARY TRANSACTION REPORTING AMENDMENTS.
(a) CLOSELY RELATED EVENTS.-Section 5316 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
    "(d) CUMULATION OF CLOSELY RELATED EVENTS.-The Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe regulations under this section defining the term 'at one time' for purposes of subsection (a).  Such regulations may permit the cumulation of closely related events in order that such events may collectively be considered to occur at one time for the purposes of subsection (a)."

(b) INCHOATE OFFENSE.-Section 5316(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended-
    (1) by striking out "or attempts to transport or have transported," and
100 STAT. 3207-27        PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

(2) by inserting ", is about to transport," after "transports".

(c) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 5316(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking out "$5,000" and inserting in lieu thereof "$10,000".
SEC, 1359. BANKING REGULATORY AGENCY SUPERVISION OF RECORD-
                               KEEPING SYSTEMS.
 (a) INSURED BANKS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act (12 U.S.C. 1818) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
"(s) COMPLIANCE WITH MONETARY TRANSACTION RECORDKEEPING
                           AND REPORT REQUIREMENTS.—
"(1) COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REQUIRED.—cEach appropriate Federal banking agency shall prescribe regulations requiring
insured banks to establish and mantain procedures reasonably designed to assure and monitor the compliance of such banks with the requirements of subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31,
United States Code.
"(2) EXAMINATIONS OF BANK TO INCLUDE REVIEW OF COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—Each examination of an insured bank by the appropriate Federal banking agency shall include a review of the procedures required to be established and maintained under paragraph (1).
"(B) EXAM REPORT REQUIREMENT.—The report of examination shall describe any problem with the procedures maintained by the insured bank.
"(3) ORDER TO COMPLY WITH REQUIREMENTS.—If the appropriate Federal banking agency determines that an insured
bank—
"(A) has failed to establish and maintain the procedures described in paragraph (1); or
"(B) has failed to correct any problem with the procedures maintained by such bank which was previously reported to the bank by such agency,
the agency shall issue an order in the manner prescribed in subsection (b) or (c) requiring such bank to cease and desist from its violation of this subsection or regulations prescribed under this subsection.".

(2) CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO MAINTAIN COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.—Section 8(i)(2)(i) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(i)(2)(i)) is amended by striking out "subsection (b) or (c)" and inserting in lieu thereof "subsection (b), (c), or (s)".
(b) INSTITUTIONS REGULATED BY THE BANK BOARD.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 5(d) of the Home Owners' Loan Act
of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(d)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:
"(16) COMPLIANCE WITH MONETARY TRANSACTION RECORDKEEPING 
                           AND REPORT REQUIREMENTS.—
"(A) COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REQUIRED.—The Board shall prescribe regulations requiring associations to establish and maintain procedures reasonably designed to assure and monitor the compliance of such associations with the requirements of subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code.
PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986           100 STAT. 3207-28

"(B) EXAMINATIONS OF ASSOCIATIONS TO INCLUDE REVIEW OF COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.—
"(i) IN GENERAL.—Each examination of an association by the Board shall include a review of the procedures required to be established and maintained under subparagraph (A).
"(ii) EXAM REPORT REQUIREMENT.—The report of examination shall describe any problem with the procedures maintained by the association. 
"(C) ORDER TO COMPLY WITH REQUIREMENTS.—If the Board determines that an association— 
"(i) has failed to establish and maintain the procedures described in subparagraph (A); or 
"(ii) has failed to correct any problem with the procedures maintained by such association which was previously reported to the association by the Board, 
the Board shall issue an order in the manner prescribed in paragraph (2) or (3) requiring such association to cease and desist from its violation of this paragraph or regulations prescribed under this paragraph.".

(2) CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO MAINTAIN COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.—Section 5(d)(8)(B)(i) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(d)(8)(B)(i)) is amended by striking out "paragraph (2) or (3)" and inserting in lieu thereof "paragraph (2), (3), or (16)".

(c) INSURED THRIFT INSTITUTIONS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 407 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: 
"(s) COMPLIANCE WITH MONETARY TRANSACTION RECORDKEEPING AND REPORT REQUIREMENTS.— 
"(1) COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REQUIRED.—The Corporation shall prescribe regulations requiring insured institutions to establish and maintain procedures reasonably designed to assure and monitor the compliance of such institutions with the requirements of subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code.
"(2) EXAMINATIONS OF INSTITUTIONS TO INCLUDE REVIEW OF COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.— 
"(A) IN GENERAL.—Each examination of an insured institution by the Corporation shall include a review of the procedures required to be established and maintained under paragraph (1). 
"(B) EXAM REPORT REQUIREMENT.—The report of examination shall describe any problem with the procedures maintained by the insured institution. 
"(3) ORDER TO COMPLY WITH REQUIREMENTS.—If the Corporation determines that an insured institution— 
"(A) has failed to establish and maintain the procedures described in paragraph (1); or 
"(B) has failed to correct any problem with the procedures maintained by such institution which was previously reported to the institution by the Corporation, 
the Corporation shall issue an order in the manner prescribed in subsection (e) or (f) requiring such institution to cease and desist from its violation of this subsection or regulations prescribed under this subsection.".


Regulations.

31 USC 5311 et seq.
100 STAT. 3207-29           PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

(2) CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO MAINTAIN COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.—Section 407(k)(3)(A) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730(k)(3)(A)) is amended by striking out "subsection (e) or (f) of this section shall forfeit" and inserting in lieu thereof "subsection (e), (f), or (s) of this section shall forfeit".
(b) INSURED CREDIT UNIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 206 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1786) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
"(q) COMPLIANCE WITH MONETARY TRANSACTION RECORDKEEPING AND REPORT REQUIREMENTS.—
"(1) COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REQUIRED.—The Board shall prescribe regulations requiring insured credit unions to establish and maintain procedures reasonably designed to assure and monitor the compliance of such credit unions with the requirements of subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code.
"(2) EXAMINATIONS OF CREDIT UNIONS TO INCLUDE REVIEW OF COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—Each examination of an insured credit union by the Board shall include a review of the procedures required to be established and maintained under paragraphs (1).
"(B) EXAM REPORT REQUIREMENT.—The report of examination shall describe any problem with the procedures maintained by the credit union.
"(3) ORDER TO COMPLY WITH REQUIREMENTS.—If the Board determines that an insured credit union—
"(A) has failed to establish and maintain the procedures described in paragraph (1); or
"(B) has failed to correct any problem with the procedures maintained by such credit union which was previously reported to the credit union by the Board,
the Board shall issue an order in the manner prescribed in subsection (e) or (f) requiring such credit union to cease and desist from its violation of this subsection or regulations prescribed under this subsection.".
(2) CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO MAINTAIN COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES.—Section 206(k)(2)(A) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1786(k)(2)(A)) (as in effect on September 1, 1986) is amended by striking out "subsection (e) or (f)" and inserting in lieu thereof "subsection (e), (f), or (q)".

SEC. 1360. CHANGE IN BANK CONTROL ACT AMENDMENTS.
(a) ADDITIONAL REVIEW TIME.—
(1) INITIAL EXTENSION AT DISCRETION OF AGENCY.—The first sentence of section 7(j)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)(1)) is amended by striking out "or extending up to another thirty days" and inserting in lieu thereof "or, in the discretion of the agency, extending for an additional 30 days".
(2) ADDITIONAL EXTENSIONS IN CASE OF INCOMPLETE OR INACCURATE NOTICE OR TO CONTINUE INVESTIGATION.— The second sentence of section 7(i)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)(1)) is amended to read as follows: "The period for disapproval under the preceding sentence may be extended
PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986                  100 STAT. 3207-30

not to exceed 2 additional times for not more than 45 days each 
time if—
  "(A) the agency determines that any acquiring party has not 
furnished all the information required under paragraph (6);
  "(B) in the agency's judgment, any material information 
submitted is substantially inaccurate;
  "(C) the agency has been unable to complete the investigation 
of an acquiring party under paragraph (2)(B) because of any 
delay caused by, or the inadequate cooperation of, such acquir-
ing party; or 
  "(D) the agency determines that additional time is needed to 
investigate and determine that no acquiring party has a record 
of failing to comply with the requirements of subchapter II of 
chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code.''  
    (b) DUTY TO INVESTIGATE APPLICANTS FOR CHANGE IN CONTROL AP-
    PROVAL.—Section 7(j)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 
    U.S.C. 1817(j)(2)) is amended—
        (1) by striking out "(2)" and inserting in lieu thereof "(2)(A) 
        NOTICE TO STATE AGENCY.—"; and 
        (2) by adding at the end thereof the following new subpara-
        graphs: 
   "(B) INVESTIGATION OF PRINCIPALS REQUIRED.—Upon receiving any 
   notice under this subsection, the appropriate Federal banking 
   agency shall—
        "(i) conduct an investigation of the competence, experience, 
        integrity, and financial ability of each person named in a notice 
        of a proposed acquisition as a person by whom or for whom such 
        acquisition is to be made; and 
        "(ii) make an independent determination of the accuracy and 
        completeness of any information described in paragraph (6) 
        with respect to such person.
        "(C) REPORT.—The appropriate Federal banking agency shall pre-
        pare a written report of any investigation under subparagraph (B) 
        which shall contain, at a minimum, a summary of the results of 
        such investigation. The agency shall retain such written report as a 
        record of the agency.''
    (c) PUBLIC COMMENT ON CHANGE OF CONTROL NOTICES.—Section 
    7(j)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)(2)) is 
    amended by adding after subparagraph (C) (as added by subsection 
    (b) of this section) the following new subparagraph:
        "(D) PUBLIC COMMENT.—Upon receiving notice of a proposed ac-
        quisition, the appropriate Federal banking agency shall, within a 
        reasonable period of time—
            "(i) publish the name of the insured bank proposed to be 
            acquired and the name of each person identified in such notice 
            as a person by whom or for whom such acquisition is to be 
            made; and
            "(ii) solicit public comment on such proposed acquisition, 
            particularly from persons in the geographic area where the 
            bank proposed to be acquired is located, before final consider-
            ation of such notice by the agency, 
    unless the agency determines in writing that such disclosure or 
    solicitation would seriously threaten the safety or soundness of such 
    bank.'' 
    (d) INVESTIGATIONS AND ENFORCEMENT.—Section 7(j) of the Federal 
    Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)) is amended—
100 STAT. 3207-31    PUBLIC LAW 99-570—0CT. 27, 1986

(1) by redesignating paragraphs (15) and (16) as paragraphs 
(16) and (17), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following new 
paragraph: 
(15) INVESTIGATIVE AND ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY.— 
(A) INVESTIGATIONS.—The appropriate Federal banking 
agency may exercise any authority vested in such agency under 
section 8(n) in the course of conducting any investigation under 
paragraph (2)(B) or any other investigation which the agency, in 
its discretion, determines is necessary to determine whether 
any person has filed inaccurate, incomplete, or  misleading 
information under this subsection or otherwise is violating, has 
violated, or is about to violate any provision of this subsection or 
any regulation prescribed under this subsection.
(B) ENFORCEMENT—Whenever it appears to the appropriate 
Federal banking agency that any person is violating, has vio. 
lated, or is about to violate any provision of this subsection or 
any regulation prescribed under this subsection, the agency 
may, in its discretion, apply to the appropriate district court of 
the United States or the United States court of any territory 
for.
(i) a temporary or permanent injunction or restraining 
order enjoining such person from violating this subsection 
or any regulation prescribed under this subsection; or 
(ii) such other equitable relief as may be necessary to 
prevent any such violation (including divestiture). 
(C) JURISDICTION.— 
(i)  The district courts of the United States and the 
United States courts in any territory shall have the same 
jurisdiction and power in connection with any exercise of 
any authority by the appropriate Federal banking agency 
under subparagraph (A) as such courts have under section 
8(n). 
(ii) The district courts of the United States and the 
United States courts of any territory shall have jurisdiction 
and power to issue any injunction or restraining order or 
grant any equitable relief described in subparagraph (B). 
When appropriate, any injunction, order, or other equitable 
relief granted under this paragraph shall be granted with- 
out requiring the posting of any bond”. 

SEC. 1361. CHANGE IN SAVINGS AND LOAN CONTROL ACT AMENDMENTS.

(a) ADDITIONAL REVIEW TIME— 
(1) INITIAL EXTENSION AT DISCRETION OF AGENCY—The first 
sentence of section 407(q)(1) of the National Housing Act (12 
U.S.C. 1730(q)(1)) is amended by striking out “for extending up to 
another thirty days” and inserting in lieu thereof “or, in the 
discretion of the Corporation, extending for an additional 30 
days”.
(2) ADDITIONAL EXTENSIONS IN CASE OF INCOMPLETE OR INAC- 
CURATE NOTICE OR TO CONTINUE INVESTIGATION—The second 
sentence of section 407(q)(1) of the National Housing Act (12 
U.S.C. 1730(q)(1)) is amended to read as follows: “The period for 
disapproval under the preceding sentence may be extended not 
to exceed 2 additional times for not more than 45 days each time 
if—
PUBLIC LAW 99-570-OCT. 27, 1986	100 STAT. 3207-32

"(A) the Corporation determines that any acquiring party has not furnished all the information required under paragraph (6);
"(B) in the Corporation's judgment, any material information submitted is substantially inaccurate;
"(C) the Corporation has been unable to complete the investigation of an acquiring party under paragraph (2)(B) because of any delay caused by, or the inadequate cooperation of, such acquiring party; or
"(D) the Corporation determines that additional time is needed to investigate and determine that no acquiring party has a record of failing to comply with the requirements of sub-chapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code.".
(b) DUTY TO INVESTIGATE APPLICANTS FOR CHANGE IN CONTROL
APPROVAL.-Section 407(q)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C.  1730q(q)(2)) is amended-
(1) by striking out "(2)" and inserting in lieu thereof "(2)(A) NOTICE TO STATE AGENCY.-"; and
(2) by adding at the end thereof the following new sub-paragraphs:
"(B) INVESTIGATION OF PRINCIPALS REQUIRED.-Upon receiving any notice under this subsection, the Corporation shall- 
(i) conduct an investigation of the competence, experience, integrity, and financial ability of each person named in a notice of a proposed acquisition as a person by whom or for whom such acquisition is to be made; and
(ii) make an independent determination of the accuracy and completeness of any information described in paragraph (6) with respect to such person.
"(C) REPORT.-The Corporation shall prepare a written report of any investigation under subparagraph (B) which shall contain, at a minimum, a summary of the results of such investigation. The Corporation shall retain such written report as a record of the Corporation.". 31 USC  5331 ef

(c) PUBLIC COMMENT ON CHANGE OF CONTROL NOTICES.-Section 407(q)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C.  1730(q)(2)) is amended by adding after subparagraph (C) (as added by subsection (b) of this section) the following new subparagraph:
"(D) PUBLIC COMMENT.-Upon receiving notice of a proposed acquisition, the Corporation shall, within a reasonable period of time-
(i) publish the name of the insured institution proposed to be acquired and the name of each person identified in such notice as a person by whom or for whom such acquisition is to be made; and
(ii) solicit public comment on such proposed acquisition, particularly from persons in the geographic area where the institution proposed to be acquired is located, before final consideration of such notice by the Corporation, unless the Corporation determines in writing that such disclosure or solicitation would seriously threaten the safety or soundness of such institution.".

(d) INVESTIGATIONS AND ENFORCEMENT.-Section 407(q) of the Na-tional Housing Act (12 U.S.C.  1730(q)) is amended-
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (16) and (17) as paragraphs (17) and (18), respectively; and
(2) by inserting after paragraph (15) the following new paragraph:
100 STAT. 3207-33         PUBLIC LAW 99-570-OCT. 27, 1986 


  "(16) INVESTIGATIVE AND ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY.- 
        "(A) INVESTIGATIONS.-The Corporation may exercise any 
      authority vested in the Corporation under paragraph (2) or (3) of 
      subsection (m) in the course of conducting any investigation 
      under paragraph (2)(B) or any other investigation which the 
      Corporation, in its discretion, determines is necessary to deter- 
      mine whether any person has filed inaccurate, incomplete, or 
      misleading information under this subsection or otherwise is 
      violating, has violated, or is about to violate any provision 
      of this subsection or any regulation prescribed under this 
      subsection. 
        "(B) ENFORCEMENT.-Whenever it appears to the Corporation 
      that any person is violating, has violated, or is about to violate 
      any provision of this subsection or any regulation prescribed 
      under this subsection, the agency may, in its discretion, apply to 
      the appropriate district court of the United States or the United 
      States court of any territory for- 
          "(i) a temporary or permanent injunction or restraining 
          order enjoining such person from violating this subsection 
          or any regulation prescribed under this subsection; or 
          "(ii) such other equitable relief as may be necessary to 
          prevent any such violation (including divestiture). 
        "(C) JURISDICTION.- 
          "(i) The district courts of the United States and the 
          United States courts in any territory shall have the same 
          jurisdiction and power in connection with any exercise of 
          any authority by the Corporation under subparagraph (A) 
          as such courts have under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection 
          (m). 
          "(ii) The district courts of the United States and the 
          United States courts of any territory shall have jurisdiction 
          and power to issue any injunction or restraining order or 
          grant any equitable relief described in subparagraph (B). 
          When appropriate, any injunction, order, or other equitable 
          relief under this paragraph shall be granted without requir- 
          ing the posting of any bond.". 

SEC. 1362. AMENDMENTS TO DEFINITIONS. 

  (a) UNITED STATES AGENCIES INCLUDES THE POSTAL SERVICE.- 
Section 5312(a)(2)(U) of title 31, United States Code (defining finan- 
cial institutions) (as redesignated by subsection (a)) is amended by 
inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ", including 
the United States Postal Service". 
  (b) UNITED STATES INCLUDES CERTAIN TERRITORIES AND POSSES- 
SIONS.-Section 5312(a)(5) of title 31, United States Code, is amended 
by inserting "the Virgin Islands, Guam, the Northern Mariana 
Islands, American Samoa, the Trust Territory of the Pacific Is- 
lands," after "Puerto Rico". 

SEC. 1363. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION EXCHANGE SYSTEM: STUDY 
      OF FOREIGN BRANCHES OF DOMESTIC INSTITUTIONS. 
  (a) DISCUSSIONS ON INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION EXCHANGE 
SYSTEM.-The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, shall initiate 
discussions with the central banks or other appropriate govern- 
mental authorities of other countries and propose that an informa- 
tion exchange system be established to assist the efforts of each 
31 USC 5315 
note. 
Banks and 
banking.
PUBLIC LAW 99-570―OCT. 27, 1986      100 STAT. 3207-34

participating country to eliminate the international flow of money derived from illicit drug operations and other criminal activities.
  (b) REPORT ON DISCUSSIONS REQUIRED.―Before the end of the 9-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prepare and transmit a report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on the results of discussions initiated pursuant to subsection (a).
  (c) STUDY OF MONEY LAUNDERING THROUGH FOREIGN BRANCHES OF DOMESTIC FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS REQUIRED.―The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, shall conduct a study of―
    (1) the extent to which foreign branches of domestic institutions are used―
      (A) to facilitate illicit transfers of coins, currency, and other monetary instruments (as such term is defined in section 5312(a)(3) of title 31, United States Code) into and out of the United States; and 
      (B) to evade reporting requirements with respect to any transfer of coins, currency, and other monetary instruments (as so defined) into and out of the United States;
    (2) the extent to which the law of the United States is applicable to the activities of such foreign branches; and 
    (3) methods for obtaining the cooperation of the country in which any such foreign branch is located for purposes of enforcing the law of the United States with respect to transfers, and reports on transfers, of such monetary instruments into and out of the United States.
  (d) REPORT ON STUDY OF FOREIGN BRANCHES REQUIRED.―Before the end of the 9-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prepare and transmit a report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate on the results of the study conducted pursuant to subsection (c).

SEC. 1364. EFFECTIVE DATES.

  (a) The amendment made by section 1354 shall apply with respect to transactions for the payment, receipt, or transfer of United States coins or currency or other monetary instruments completed after the end of the 3-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.
  
  (b) The amendments made by sections 1355(b) and 1357(a) shall apply with respect to violations committed after the end of the 3-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.
  
  (c) The amendments made by section 1357 (other than subsection (a) of such section) shall apply with respect to violations committed after the date of the enactment of this Act.
  
  (d) Any regulation prescribed under the amendments made by section 1358 shall apply with respect to transactions completed after the effective date of such regulation.
  
  (e) The regulations required to be prescribed under the amendments under section 1359 shall take effect at the end of the 3-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.

31 USC 5324 note.

31 USC 5317 note.

31 USC 5321 note.

31 USC 5316 note.

12 USC 1464 note.
100 STAT. 3207-35 PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

(f) The amendments made by sections 1360 and 1361 shall apply with respect to notices of proposed acquisitions filed after the date of the enactment of this Act.

12 USC 1730 note.
SEC. 1365. PREDICATE OFFENSES.
(a) Subsection (b) of section 1952 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking out “or” before “(2)”, and by striking out the period at the end thereof and inserting in lieu thereof the following: “; or (3) any act which is indictable under subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, or under section 1956 or 1957 of this title.”.
(b) Subsection (1) of section 1961 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting “section 1956 (relating to the laundering of monetary instruments), section 1957 (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity),” after “section 1955 (relating to the prohibition of illegal gambling businesses),”.
31 USC 5381 et seq.
(c) Subsection (1) of section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (c) by inserting “section 1956 (laundering of monetary instruments), section 1957 (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity),” after “section 1955 (prohibition of relating to business enterprises of gambling),”.
SEC. 1366. FORFEITURE.
(a) Title 18 of the United States Code is amended by adding after chapter 45 a new chapter 46 as follows:

“CHAPTER 46—FORFEITURE

18 USC 981.
“Sec.
“981. Civil Forfeiture.
“982. Criminal Forfeiture.
21 USC 801 note.
“§ 981. Civil forfeiture
“(a)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the following property is subject to forfeiture to the United States:
“(A) Any property, real or personal, which represents the gross receipts a person obtains, directly or indirectly, as a result of a violation of section 1956 or 1957 of this title, or which is traceable to such gross receipts.
“(B) Any property within the jurisdiction of the United States, which represents the proceeds of an offense against a foreign nation involving the manufacture, importation, sale, or distribution of a controlled substance (as such term is defined for the purposes of the Controlled Substances Act), within whose jurisdiction such offense or activity would be punishable by death or imprisonment for a term exceeding one year and which would be punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year if such act or activity had occurred within the jurisdiction of the United States.
“(C) Any coin and currency (or other monetary instrument as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe) or any interest in other property, including any deposit in a financial institution, traceable to such coin or currency involved in a transaction or attempted transaction in violation of section 5313(a) or 5324 of title 31 may be seized and forfeited to the United States Government. No property or interest in property shall be seized or
PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986                100 STAT. 3207-36 

forfeited if the violation is by a domestic financial institution examined by a Federal bank supervisory agency or a financial institution regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commis­ sion or a partner, director, officer, or employee thereof.
   "(2) No property shall be forfeited under this section to the extent of the interest of an owner or lienholder by reason of any act or omission established by that owner or lienholder to have been committed without the knowledge of that owner or lienholder.
   "(b) Any property subject to forfeiture to the United States under subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(1)(B) of this section may be seized by the Attorney General or, with respect to property involved in a violation of section 1956 or 1957 of this title investigated by the Secretary of the Treasury, may be seized by the Secretary of the Treasury, and any property subject to forfeiture under subsection (a)(1)(C) of this section may be seized by the Secretary of the Treasury, in each case upon process issued pursuant to the Supplemental Rules for certain Admiralty and Maritime Claims by any district court of the United States having jurisdiction over the property, except that seizure without such process may be made when—
    "(1) the seizure is pursuant to a lawful arrest or search; or
    "(2) the Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury, as the case may be, has obtained a warrant for such seizure pursuant to 
          the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, in which event proceedings under subsection (d) of this section shall be instituted promptly."
    "(c) Property taken or detained under this section shall not be repleviable, but shall be deemed to be in the custody of the Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury, as the case may be, subject only to the orders and decrees of the court or the official having jurisdiction thereof. Whenever property is seized under this subsection, the Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury, as the case may be, may—
    "(1) place the property under seal;
    "(2) remove the property to a place designated by him; or
    "(3) require that the General Services Administration take custody of the property and remove it, if practicable, to an appropriate location for disposition in accordance with law.
    "(d) For purposes of this section, the provisions of the customs laws relating to the seizure, summary and judicial forfeiture, con­demnation of property for violation of the customs laws, the disposi­tion of such property or the proceeds from the sale of this section, the remission or mitigation of such forfeitures, and the compromise of claims (19 U.S.C. 1602 et seq.), insofar as they are applicable and not inconsistent with the provisions of this section, shall apply to seizures and forfeitures incurred, or alleged to have been incurred, under this section, except that such duties as are imposed upon the customs officer or any other person with respect to the seizure and forfeiture of property under the customs laws shall be performed with respect to seizures and forfeitures of property under this section by such officers, agents, or other persons as may be au­thorized or designated for that purpose by the Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury, as the case may be.
    “(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of the law, except sec­tion 3 of the Anti Drug Abuse Act of 1986, the Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury, as the case may be, is authorized to retain property forfeited pursuant to this section, or to transfer such property on such terms and conditions as he may determine to—
100 STAT. 3207-37 PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

"(1) any other Federal agency; or
"(2) any State or local law enforcement agency which participated directly in any of the acts which led to the seizure or forfeiture of the property. 
State and local governments. 
The Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury, as the case may be, shall ensure the equitable transfer pursuant to paragraph (2) of any forfeited property to the appropriate State or local law 
enforcement agency so as to reflect generally the contribution of any such agency participating directly in any of the acts which led to the seizure or forfeiture of such property. A decision by the Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to paragraph (2) shall not be subject to review. The United States shall not be liable in any action arising out of the use of any property the custody of which was transferred pursuant to this section to any non-Federal agency. The Attorney General or the Secretary of the Treasury may order the discontinuance of any forfeiture proceedings under this section in favor of the institution of forfeiture proceedings by State or local authorities under an appropriate State or local statute. After the filing of a complaint for forfeiture under this section, the Attorney General may seek dismissal of the complaint in favor of forfeiture proceedings under State or local law. Whenever forfeiture proceedings are discontinued by the United States in favor of State or local proceedings, the United States may transfer custody and possession of the seized property to the appropriate State or local official immediately upon the initiation of the proper actions by such officials. Whenever forfeiture proceedings are discontinued by the United States in favor of State or local proceedings, notice shall be sent to all known interested parties advising them of the discontinuance or dismissal. The United States shall not be liable in any action arising out of the seizure, detention, and transfer of seized property to State or local officials. 
"(f) All right, title, and interest in property described in subsection (a) of this section shall vest in the United States upon commission of the act giving rise to forfeiture under this section. 
"(g) The filing of an indictment or information alleging a violation of law which is also related to a forfeiture proceeding under this section shall, upon motion of the United States and for good cause shown, stay the forfeiture proceeding. 
"(h) In addition to the venue provided for in section 1395 of title 28 or any other provision of law, in the case of property of a defendant charged with a violation that is the basis for forfeiture of the property under this section, a proceeding for forfeiture under this section may be brought in the judicial district in which the defendant owning such property is found or in the judicial district in which the criminal prosecution is brought.
"(i) In the case of property subject to forfeiture under subsection (a)(l)(B), the following additional provisions shall, to the extent provided by treaty, apply:
"(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, except section 3 of the Anti Drug Abuse Act of 1986, whenever property is 
21 USC 801 note. 
civilly or criminally forfeited under the Controlled Substances 
Act, the Attorney General may, with the concurrence of the 
Secretary of State, equitably transfer any conveyance, currency, and any other type of personal property which the Attorney General may designate by regulation for equitable transfer, or any amounts realized by the United States from the sale of any real or personal property forfeited under the Controlled
PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

Substances Act to an appropriate foreign country to reflect generally the contribution of any such foreign country participating directly or indirectly in any acts which led to the seizure or forfeiture of such property. Such property when forfeited pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(B) of this section may also be transferred to a foreign country pursuant to a treaty providing for the transfer of forfeited property to such foreign country. A decision by the Attorney General pursuant to this paragraph shall not be subject to review. The foreign country shall, in the event of a transfer of property or proceeds of sale of property under this subchapter, bear all expenses incurred by the United States in the seizure, maintenance, inventory, storage, forfeiture, and disposition of the property, and all transfer costs. The payment of all such expenses, and the transfer of assets pursuant to this paragraph, shall be upon such terms and conditions as the Attorney General may, in his discretion, set. Transfers may be made under this subsection during a fiscal year to a country that is subject to paragraph (1)(A) of section 481(h) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (relating to restrictions on United States assistance) only if there is a certification in effect with respect to that country for that fiscal year under paragraph (2) of that section.

"(2) The provisions of this section shall not be construed as limiting or superseding any other authority of the United States to provide assistance to a foreign country in obtaining property related to a crime committed in the foreign country, including property which is sought as evidence of a crime committed in the foreign country.

"(3) A certified order or judgment of forfeiture by a court of competent jurisdiction of a foreign country concerning property which is the subject of forfeiture under this section and was determined by such court to be the type of property described in subsection (a)(1)(B) of this section, and any certified recordings or transcripts of testimony taken in a foreign judicial proceeding concerning such order or judgment of forfeiture, shall be admissible in evidence in a proceeding brought pursuant to this section. Such certified order or judgment of forfeiture, when admitted into evidence, shall constitute probable cause that the property forfeited by such order or judgment of forfeiture is subject to forfeiture under this section and creates a rebuttable presumption of the forfeitability of such property under this section.

"(4) A certified order or judgment of conviction by a court of competent jurisdiction of a foreign country concerning an unlawful drug activity which gives rise to forfeiture under this section and any certified recordings or transcripts of testimony taken in a foreign judicial proceeding concerning such order of judgment of conviction shall be admissible in evidence in a proceeding brought pursuant to this section. Such certified order or judgment of conviction, when admitted into evidence, creates a rebuttable presumption that the unlawful drug activity giving rise to forfeiture under this section has occurred.

"(5) The provisions of paragraphs (3) and (4) of this subsection shall not be construed as limiting the admissibility of any evidence otherwise admissible, nor shall they limit the ability of the United States to establish probable cause that property is subject to forfeiture by any evidence otherwise admissible.

21 USC 801 note.

22 USC 2291.
100 STAT. 3207-39	                                    PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986

	         "(i) For purposes of this section—
	                  "(1) the term 'Attorney General' means the Attorney General
	or his delegate; and
	               "(2) the term 'Secretary of the Treasury' means the Secretary
	of the Treasury or his delegate.

	         "§ 982. Criminal forfeiture 
	"(a) The court, in imposing sentence on a person convicted of an
	 offense under section 1956 or 1957 of this title shall order that the 
	person forfeit to the United States any property, real or personal, 
	which represents the gross receipts the person obtained, directly or
	indirectly, as a result of such offense, or which is traceable to such 
	gross receipts.
	         "(b) The provisions of subsections 413 (c) and (e) through (o) of the
	Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 
	U.S.C. 853 (c) and (e)-(o)) shall apply to property subject to forfeit-
	ure under this section, to any seizure or disposition thereof, and to 
	any administrative or judicial proceeding in relation thereto, if not
	inconsistent with this section.".
	         (b) The chapter analysis of part I of title 18, United States Code, is 
	amended by inserting after the item for chapter 45 the following:

	"46. Forfeiture................................................................................................. 981".

	SEC. 1367. SEVERABILITY CLAUSE.

	         If any provision of this subtitle or any amendement made by this
	 Act, or the application thereof to any person or circumstance is 
	held invalid, the provisions of every other part, and their applica-
	tion, shall not be affected thereby.

