89 STAT. 1124	                          PUBLIC LAW 94-200-DEC. 31, 1975

Public Law 94-200
94th Congress
                                               An Act
Dec. 31, 1975
[S. 1281]                 	

To extend the authority for the flexible regulation of interest rates on deposits and share accounts in depository institutions, to extend the National Commission on Electronic Fund Transfers, and to provide for home mortgage disclosure.

Depository institutions, interest rates; National Commission on Electronic Fund Transfers, extension; home mortgage disclosure. 12 USC 461 note. 12 USC 461 note.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,

                                        TITLE I-REGULATION OF INTEREST RATES

   SEC. 101. Section 7 of the Act of September 21, 1966 (Public Law 89-597), is amended by striking out "December 31, 1975" and inserting in lieu thereof "March 1, 1977".
  
   SEC. 102. (a) An interest rate differential for any category of deposits or accounts which is in effect on December 10, 1975, between (1) any bank (other than a savings bank) the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and (2) any savings and loan, building and loan, or homestead association (including cooperative banks) the deposits or accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation or any mutual savings bank as defined in section 3(f) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(f)) may not be eliminated or reduced unless-
    
     (A) written notification is given by the Board of Governors of  the Federal Reserve System to the Congress; and
     (B) the House of Representatives and the Senate approve, by concurrent resolution, the proposed elimination or reduction of the interest rate differential.
   
    (b) In the case of the elimination or reduction of any interest rate differential under subsection (a) with respect to any category of deposits or accounts between (1) any bank (other than a savings bank) the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and (2) any savings and loan, building and loan, or homestead association (including cooperative banks) the deposits or accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation or any mutual savings bank as defined in section 3(f) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(f)), the maximum rate of interest which shall be established for such category of deposits for banks (other than savings banks) the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall be equal to the highest rate of interest which savings and loan associations the deposits or accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation were permitted to charge for such category of deposits immediately prior to the elimination or reduction of such interest rate differential.

                      TITLE II-ELECTRONIC FUND TRANSFERS

   Sec. 201. Section 203 (b) of title II of the Act of October 28, 1974 (Public Law 93-495), is amended by-
12 USC 2403.
   
    (1) striking out "within one year of its findings and recommendations" and inserting in lieu thereof "within one year of the date 
PUBLIC LAW 94-200—DEC. 31, 1975

of the confirmation by the Senate of the Chairperson or the appointment by the President of an acting Chairperson”; and 
(2) striking out “not later than two years after the date of enactment of this Act” and inserting in lieu thereof “not later than two years after the date of the confirmation by the Senate of the Chairperson or the appointment by the President of an acting Chairperson”. 

TITLE III—HOME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE

Short Title 

Sec. 301. This title may be cited as the “Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975”. 
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975.
12 USC 2801 note.

Findings and purposes 

Sec. 302. (a) The Congress finds that some depository institutions have sometimes contributed to the decline of certain geographic areas by their failure pursuant to their chartering responsibilities to provide adequate home financing to qualified applicants on reasonable terms and conditions. 

(b) The purpose of this title is to provide the citizens and public officials of the United States with sufficient information to enable them to determine whether depository institutions are filling their obliga¬tions to serve the housing needs of the communities and neighborhoods in which they are located and to assist public officials in their determination of the distribution of public sector investments in a manner designed to improve the private investment environment. 

(c) Nothing in this title is intended to, nor shall it be construed to, encourage unsound lending practices or the allocation of credit. 
 12 USC 2801.

Definitions 

Sec. 303. For purposes of this title—
 (1) the term “mortgage loan” means a loan which is secured by residential real property or a home improvement loan;
 (2) the term “depository institution” means any commercial bank, savings bank, savings and loan association, building and loan association, or homestead association (including cooperative banks) or credit union which makes federally related mortgage loans as determined by the Board; 
(3) the term “Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and
(4) the term “Secretary” means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
12 USC 2802.

Maintenance of records and public disclosure 

Sec. 304. (a)(1) Each depository institution which has a home office or branch office located within a standard metropolitan statistical area, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget shall compile and make available, in accordance with regulations of the Board, to the public for inspection and copying at the home office, and at least one branch office within each standard metropolitan statistical area in which the depository institution has an office the number and total dollar amount of mortgage loans which were (A) originated, or (B purchased by that institution during each fiscal year (beginning with the last full fiscal year of that institution which immediately preceded the effective date of this title).
12 USC 2803.
89 STAT. 1126               PUBLIC LAW 94-200-DEC. 31, 1975

(2) The information required to be maintained and made available
under paragraph (1) shall also be itemized in order to clearly and
conspicuously disclose the following:
   (A) The number and dollar amount for each item referred to
   in paragraph (1), by census tracts, where readily available at a
   reasonable cost, as determined by the Board, otherwise by ZIP
   code, for borrowers, under mortgage loans secured by property
   located within that standard metropolitan statistical area.
   (B) The number and dollar amount for each item referred to
   in paragraph (1) for all such mortgage loans which are secured
   by property located outside that standard metropolitan statistical
   area.
For the purpose of this paragraph, a depository institution which
maintains offices in more than one standard metropolitan statistical
area shall be required to make the information required by this par-
agraph available at any such office only to the extent that such infor-
mation relates to mortgage loans which were originated or purchased
by an office of that depository institution located in the standard met-
ropolitan statistical area in which the office making such information
available is located. 

   (b) Any item of information relating to mortgage loans required
to be maintained under subsection (a) shall be further itemized in
order to disclose for each such item—
      (1) the number and dollar amount of mortgage loans which
      are insured under title II of the National Housing Act or under 
      title V of the Housing Act of 1949 or which are guaranteed under 
      chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code;
      (2) the number and dollar amount of mortgage loans made to
      mortgagors who did not, at the time of execution of the mortgage,
      intend to reside in the property securing the mortgage loan; and
      (3) the number and dollar amount of home improvement loans. 
   
   12 USC 1707.
42 USC 1471.
38 USC 1801 et seq.
   
   (c) Any information required to be compiled and made available
under this section shall be maintained and made available for a period
of five years after the close of the first year during which such informa-
tion is required to be maintained and made available. 

ENFORCEMENT
Regulations.         Sec. 305. (a) The Board shall prescribe such regulations as may be
12 USC 2804.     necessary to carry out the purposes of this title. These regulations
may contain such classifications, differentiations, or other provisions,
and may provide for such adjustments and exceptions for any class
of transactions, as in the judgment of the Board are necessary and
proper to effectuate the purposes of this title, and prevent circumven-
tion or evasion thereof, or to facilitate compliance therewith. 
Compliance.     (b) Compliance with the requirements imposed under this title
shall be enforced under— 
  12 USC 1818.     (1) section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, in the case
                          of—
                          (A) national banks, by the Comptroller of the Currency;
                          (B) member banks of the Federal Reserve System, other
                          than national banks, by the Board;
                          (C) banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-
                          poration (other than members of the Federal Reserve Sys-
                          tem) and mutual savings banks as defined in section 3(f) of
                          the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813 (f)) and
PUBLIC LAW 94-200—DEC. 31, 1975  

any other depository institution not referred to in this paragraph or paragraph (2) or (3) of this subsection, by the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
(2) section 5(d) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933, section 407 of the National Housing Act, and sections 6(i) and 17 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (acting directly or through the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation), in the case of any institution subject to any of those provisions; and  
(3) the Federal Credit Union Act, by the Administrator of the National Credit Union Administration with respect to any credit using union. 

(c) For the purpose of the exercise by any agency referred to in subsection (b) of its powers under any Act referred to in that subsection, a violation of any requirement imposed under this title shall be deemed to be a violation of a requirement imposed under that Act. In addition to its powers under any provision of law specifically referred to in subsection (b), each of the agencies referred to in that subsection may exercise, for the purpose of enforcing compliance with any requirement imposed under this title, any other authority conferred on it by law.

RELATION TO STATE LAWS

SEC. 306. (a) This title does not annul, alter, or affect, or exempt any State chartered depository institution subject to the provisions of this title from complying with the laws of any State or subdivision thereof with respect to public disclosure and recordkeeping by depository institutions, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this title, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency. The Board is authorized to determine whether such inconsistencies exist. The Board may not determine that any such law is inconsistent with any provision of this title if the Board determines that such law requires the maintenance of records with greater geographic or other detail than is required under this title, or that such law otherwise provides greater disclosure than is required under this title. 

(b) The Board may by regulation exempt from the requirements of this title any State chartered depository institution within any State or subdivision thereof if it determines that, under the law of such State or subdivision, that institution is subject to requirements substantially similar to those imposed under this title, and that such law contains adequate provisions for enforcement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, compliance with the requirements imposed under this subsection shall be enforced under—

(1) Section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act in the case of national banks, by the Comptroller of the Currency; and 
(2) Section 5(d) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 in the case of any institution subject to that provision, by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board.

RESEARCH AND IMPROVED METHODS 

SEC. 307. (a) (1) The Federal Home Loan Bank Board, with the assistance of the Secretary, the Director of the Bureau of the Census, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and
89 STAT. 1128        PUBLIC LAW 94-200—DEC. 31, 1975
 
such other persons as the Federal Home Loan Bank Board deems appropriate, shall develop, or assist in the improvement of, methods of matching addresses and census tracts to facilitate compliance by depository institutions in as economical a manner as possible with the requirements of this title.
    (2) There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this subsection.
    (3) The Federal Home Loan Bank Board is authorized to utilize, contract with, act through, or compensate any person or agency in order to carry out this subsection.
(b) The Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall recommend to the Committee on Banking, Currency and Housing of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs of the Senate such additional legislation as the Federal Home Loan Bank Board deems appropriate to carry out the purpose of this title.

STUDY

Sec. 308. (a) The Board, in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, is authorized and directed to carry out a study to determine the feasibility and usefulness of requiring depository institutions located outside standard metropolitan statistical areas, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, to make disclosures comparable to those required by this title.
(b) A report on the study under this section shall be transmitted to the Congress not later than three years after the date of enactment of this title.

EFFECTIVE DATE
Sec. 309. This title shall take effect on the one hundred and eightieth day beginning after the date of its enactment. Any depository institution which has total assets as of its last full fiscal year of $10,000,000 or less is exempt from the provisions of this title.

TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY
Sec. 310. The authority granted by this title shall expire four years after its effective date. 

Approved December 31, 1975.


LEGISLATIVE HISTORY: 
HOUSE REPORTS: No. 94-561 accompanying H.R. 10024 (Comm. on Banking,            Currency and Housing) and No. 94-726 (Comm. of Conference).
SENATE REPORTS: No. 94-187 (Comm. on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs) and No. 94-553 (Comm. of Conference).
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, Vol 121 (1975):
      July 26, Sept. 4, considered and passed Senate.
      Oct. 30, 31, considered and passed House, amended, in lieu of H.R. 10024.
      Dec. 15, Senate agreed to conference report.
      Dec 18, House agreed to conference report.

WEEKLY COMPILATION OF PRESIDENTAL DOCUMENTS, Vol. 12, No. 1:
      Jan. 1, Presidential statement.
