PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978

TITLE XI—RIGHT TO FINANCIAL PRIVACY

SEC. 1100. This title may be cited as the “Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978”.

DEFINITIONS

SEC. 1101. For the purpose of this title, the term—
(1) “financial institution” means any office of a bank, savings bank, card issuer as defined in section 103 of the Consumers Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(n)), industrial loan company, trust company, savings and loan, building and loan, or homestead association (including cooperative banks), credit union, or consumer finance institution, located in any State or territory of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, or the Virgin Islands;
(2) “financial record” means an original of, a copy of, or information known to have been derived from, any record held by a financial institution pertaining to a customer’s relationship with the financial institution;
(3) “Government authority” means any agency or department of the United States, or any officer, employee, or agent thereof;
(4) “person” means an individual or a partnership of five or fewer individuals;
(5) “customer” means any person or authorized representative of that person who utilized or is utilizing any service of a financial institution, or for whom a financial institution is acting or has acted as a fiduciary, in relation to an account maintained in the person’s name;
(6) “supervisory agency” means, with respect to any particular financial institution any of the following which has statutory authority to examine the financial condition or business operations of that institution—
(A) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
(B) the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation;
(C) the Federal Home Loan Bank Board;
(D) the National Credit Union Administration;
(E) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System;
(F) the Comptroller of the Currency;
(G) the Securities and Exchange Commission;
(H) the Secretary of the Treasury, with respect to the Bank Secrecy Act and the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (Public Law 91-508, title I and II); or
(I) any State banking or securities department or agency; and
(7) “law enforcement inquiry” means a lawful investigation or official proceeding inquiring into a violation of, or failure to comply with, any criminal or civil statute or any regulation, rule, or order issued pursuant thereto.

CONFIDENTIALITY OF RECORDS—GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES

SEC. 1102. Except as provided by section 1103 (c) or (d), 1113, or 1114, no Government authority may have access to or obtain copies of, or the information contained in the financial records of any customer
92 STAT. 3698               PUBLIC LAW 95-630 — NOV. 10, 1978

from a financial institution unless the financial records are reasonably
described and —
          (1) such customer has authorized such disclosure in accordance
       with section 1104;
          (2) such financial records are disclosed in response to an admin-
       istrative subpoena or summons which meets the requirements of
       section 1105;
          (3) such financial records are disclosed in response to a search
       warrant which meets the requirements of section 1106;
          (4) such financial records are disclosed in response to a judicial
       subpoena which meets the requirements of section 1107; or
          (5) such financial records are disclosed in response to a formal
       written request which meets the requirements of section 1108.


                           CONFIDETIALITY OF RECORDS—FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

   12 USC 3403.    Sec. 1103. (a) No financial institution, or officer, employees, or agent
of a financial institution, may provide to any Government authority
access to or copies of, or the information contained in, the financial
records of any customer except in accordance with the provisions of
this title.
                      (b) A financial institution shall not release the financial records of
a customer until the Government authority seeking such records
certifies in writing to the financial institution that it has complied
with the applicable provisions of this title.
                      (c) Nothing in this title shall preclude any financial institution, or
any officer, employee, or agent of a financial institution, from notifying
a Government authority that such institution, or officer, employee, or
agent has information which may be relevant to a possible violation of
any statute or regulation.
                      (d) (1) Nothing in this title shall preclude a financial institution,
as an incident to perfecting a security interest, proving a claim in
bankruptcy, or otherwise collecting on a debt owing either to the
financial institution itself or in its role as a fiduciary, from providing
copies of any financial record to any court or Government authority.
                                  (2) Nothing in this title shall preclude a financial institution, as
an incident to processing an application for assistance to a customer
in the form of a Government loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance
agreement, or as an incident to processing a default on, or administer-
ing, a Government guaranteed or insured loan, from initiating
contact with an appropriate Government authority for the purpose
of providing any financial record necessary to permit such authority
to carry out its responsibilities under a loan, loan guaranty, or loan
insurance agreement.

                        CUSTOMER AUTHORIZATIONS

12 USC 3404.         SEC. 1104. (a) A customer may authorize disclosure under section
1102(1) if he furnishes to the financial institution and to the Govern-
ment authority seeking to obtain such disclosure a signed and dated
statement which—
           (1) authorizes such disclosure for a period not in excess of
        three months;
           (2) states that the customer may revoke such authorization at
        any time before the financial records are disclosed;
          (3) identifies the financial records which are authorized to be
        disclosed;

PUBLIC LAW 95-630-NOV. 10, 1978
92 STAT. 3699

(4) specifies the purposes for which, and the Government authority to which, such records may be disclosed; and 
(5) states the customer’s rights under this title. 

(b) No such authorization shall be required as a condition of doing business with any financial institution. 

(c) The customer has the right, unless the Government authority obtains a court order as provided in section 1109, to obtain a copy of the record which the financial institution shall keep of all instances in which the customer’s record is disclosed to a Government authority pursuant to this section, including the identity of the Government authority to which such disclosure is made. 

(d) All financial institutions shall promptly notify all of their customers of their rights under this title. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall prepare a statement of customers’ rights under this title. Any financial institution that provides its customers a statement of customers' rights prepared by the Board shall be deemed to be in compliance with this subsection. 

ADMINISTRATIVE SUBPENA AND SUMMONS 

SEC. 1105. A Government authority may obtain financial records under section 1102(2) pursuant to an administrative subpena or summons otherwise authorized by law only if— 

(1) there is reason to believe that the records sought are relevant to a legitimate law enforcement inquiry; 

(2) a copy of the subpena or summons has been served upon the customer or mailed to his last known address on or before the date on which the subpena or summons was served on the financial institution together with the following notice which shall state with reasonable specificity the nature of the law enforcement inquiry: 

“Records or information concerning your transactions held by the financial institution named in the attached subpena or summons are being sought by this (agency or department) in accordance with the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 for the following purpose: If you desire that such records or information not be made available, you must: 

"1. Fill out the accompanying motion paper and sworn statement or write one of your own, stating that you are the customer whose records are being requested by the Government and either giving the reasons you believe that the records are not relevant to the legitimate law enforcement inquiry stated in this notice or any other legal basis for objecting to the release of the records. 

“2, File the motion and statement by mailing or delivering them to the clerk of any one of the following United States district courts: 

"3. Serve the Government authority requesting the records by mailing or delivering a copy of your motion and statement to 

“4. Be prepared to come to court and present your position in further detail. 

“5. You do not need to have a lawyer, although you may wish to employ one to represent you and protect your rights.
If you do not follow the above procedures, upon the expiration of ten days from the date of service or fourteen days from the date
92 STAT. 3700

PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978

    of mailing of this notice, the records or information requested
    therein will be made available. These records may be transferred
    to other Government authorities for legitimate law enforcement
    inquiries, in which event you will be notified after the transfer."; 
    and 
    
    (3) ten days have expired from the date of service of the notice
    or fourteen days have expired from the date of mailing the notice
    to the customer and within such time period the customer has
    not filed a sworn statement and motion to quash in an appropriate
    court, or the customer challenge provisions of section 1110 have
    been complied with. 

SEARCH WARRANTS 

Financial records. 
12 USC 3406. 
18 USC app. 

  SEC. 1106. (a) A Government authority may obtain financial records
under section 1102(3) only if it obtains a search warrant pursuant
to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
  (b) No later than ninety days after the Government authority
serves the search warrant, it shall mail to the customer's last known
address a copy of the search warrant together with the following
notice:
  "Records or information concerning your transactions held by the
financial institution named in the attached search warrant were
obtained by this (agency or department) on (date) for the following
purpose: . You may have rights under the Right to Financial
Privacy Act of 1978."' 
  (c) Upon application of the Government authority, a court may
grant a delay in the mailing of the notice required in subsection (b),
which delay shall not exceed one hundred and eighty days following
the service of the warrant, if the court makes the findings required in
section 1109(a). If the court so finds, it shall enter an ex parte order
granting the requested delay and an order prohibiting the financial
institution from disclosing that records have been obtained or that a
search warrant for such records has been executed. Additional delays
of up to ninety days may be granted by the court upon application, but
only in accordance with this subsection. Upon expiration of the period
of delay of notification of the customer, the following notice shall be
mailed to the customer along with a copy of the search warrant:
  "Records or information concerning your transactions held by the
financial institution named in the attached search warrant were
obtained by this (agency or department) on (date). Notification was
delayed beyond the statutory ninety-day delay period pursuant to a
determination by the court that such notice would seriously jeopardize
an investigation concerning . You may have rights under the
Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978."

JUDICIAL SUBPENA 

Financial records. 
12 USC 3407.

  SEC. 1107. A Government authority may obtain financial records
under section 1102(4) pursuant to judicial subpoena only if—
  (1) such subpoena is authorized by law and there is reason to
        believe that the records sought are relevant to a legitimate law
        enforcement inquiry;
  (2) a copy of the subpoena has been served upon the customer
        or mailed to his last known address on or before the date on which
        the subpoena was served on the financial institution together with
        the following notice which shall state with reasonable specificity
        the nature of the law enforcement inquiry:
PUBLIC LAW 95-630-NOV. 10, 1978 92 STAT. 3701

"Records of information concerning your transactions which are held by the financial institution named in the attached subpoena are being sought by this (agency or department or authority) in accordance with the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 for the following purpose: If you desire that such records or information not be made available, you must:
    "1. Fill out the accompanying motion paper and sworn statement or write one of your own, stating that you are the customer whose records are being requested by the Government and either giving the reasons you believe that the records are not relevant to the legitimate law enforcement inquiry stated in this notice or any other legal basis for objecting to the release of the records.
    "2. File the motion and statement by mailing or delivering them to the clerk of the                Court.
    "3. Serve the Government authority requesting the records by mailing or delivering a copy of your motion and statement to
    "4. Be prepared to come to court and present your position in further detail.
    "5. You do not need to have a lawyer, although you may wish to employ one to represent you and protect your rights.
If you do not follow the above procedures, upon the expiration of ten days from the date of service or fourteen days from the date of the mailing of this notice, the records or information requested therein will be made available. These records may be transferred to other government authorities for legitimate law enforcement inquiries, in which event you will be notified after the transfer; and
    " (3) ten days have expired from the date of service or fourteen days from the date of mailing of the notice to the customer and within such time period the customer has not filed a sworn statement and motion to quash in an appropriate court, or the customer challenge provisions of section 1110 have been complied with.

                 FORMAL WRITTEN REQUEST

SEC 1108. A Government authority may request financial records under section 1102(5) pursuant to a formal written request only if-
 (1) no administrative summons or subpoena authority reasonably appears to be available to that Government authority to obtain financial records for the purpose for which such records are sought;
 (2) the request is authorized by regulations promulgated by the head of the agency or department;
 (3) there is reason to believe that the records sought are relevant to a legitimate law enforcement inquiry; and
 (4)(A) a copy of the request has been served upon the customer or mailed to his last known address on or before the date on which the request was made to the financial institution together with the following notice which shall state with reasonable specificity the nature of the law enforcement inquiry:
     "Records of information concerning your transactions held by the financial institution named in the attached request are being sought by this (agency or department) in accordance with the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 for the following purpose."

Financial records. 12 USC 3408.


92 STAT. 3702                PUBLIC LAW 95-630-NOV. 10, 1978

"If you desire that such records or information not be made available, you must:

"1. Fill out the accompanying motion paper and sworn statement or write one of your own, stating that you are the customer whose records are being requested by the Government and either giving the reasons you believe that the records are not relevant to the legitimate law enforcement inquiry stated in this notice or any other legal basis for objecting to the release of the records.

"2. File the motion and statement by mailing or delivering them to the clerk of any one of the following United States District Courts:

"3. Serve the Government authority requesting the records by mailing or delivering a copy of your motion and statement to

"4. Be prepared to come to court and present your position in further detail.

"5. You do not need to have a lawyer, although you may wish to employ one to represent you and protect your rights.

If you do not follow the above procedures, upon the expiration of ten days from the date of service or fourteen days from the date of mailing of this notice, the records or information requested therein may be made available. These records may be transferred to other Government authorities for legitimate law enforcement inquiries, in which event you will be notified after the transfer;" and

(B) ten days have expired from the date of service or fourteen days from the date of mailing of the notice by the customer and within such time period the customer has not filed a sworn statement and an application to enjoin the Government authority in an appropriate court, or the customer challenge provisions of section 1110 have been complied with.

                               DELAYED NOTICE-PRESERVATION OF RECORDS
12 USC 3409.  SEC. 1109. (a) Upon application of the Government authority, the customer notice required under section 1104(c), 1105(2), 1106(c), 1107(2), 1108(4), or 1112(b) may be delayed by order of an appropriate court if the presiding judge or magistrate finds that-
   (1) the investigation being conducted is within the lawful jurisdiction of the Government authority seeking the financial records:
   (2) there is reason to believe that the records being sought are relevant to a legitimate law enforcement inquiry; and
   (3) there is reason to believe that such notice will result in-
      (A) endangering life or physical safety of any person;
      (B) flight from prosecution;
      (C) destruction of or tampering with evidence;
      (D) intimidation of potential witnesses; or
      (E) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or official proceeding or unduly delaying a trial or ongoing official proceeding to the same extent as the circumstances in the preceeding subparagraphs.

An application for delay must be made with reasonable specificity.
PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978

92 STAT. 3703

(b) (1) If the court makes the findings required in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a), it shall enter an ex parte order granting the requested delay for a period not to exceed ninety days and an order prohibiting the financial institution from disclosing that records have been obtained or that a request for records has been made, except that, if the records have been sought by a Government authority exercising financial controls over foreign accounts in the United States under section 5(b) of the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 5(b)), the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (title II, Public Law 95-223), or section 5 of the United Nations Participation Act (22 U.S.C. 287c), and the court finds that there is reason to believe that such notice may endanger the lives or physical safety of a customer or group of customers, or any person or group of persons associated with a customer, the court may specify that the delay be indefinite.

50 USC 1701 note.

(2) Extensions of the delay of notice provided in paragraph (1) of up to ninety days each may be granted by the court upon application, but only in accordance with this subsection.

(3) Upon expiration of the period of delay of notification under paragraph (1) or (2), the customer shall be served with or mailed a copy of the process or request together with the following notice which shall state with reasonable specificity the nature of the law enforcement inquiry:

“Records or information concerning your transactions which are held by the financial institution named in the attached process or request were supplied to or requested by the Government authority named in the process or request on (date). Notification was withheld pursuant to a determination by the (title of court so ordering) under the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 that such notice might (state reason). The purpose of the investigation or official proceeding was ___________________.”

(c) When access to financial records is obtained pursuant to section 1114(b) (emergency access), the Government authority shall, unless a court has authorized delay of notice pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), as soon as practicable after such records are obtained serve upon the customer, or mail by registered or certified mail to his last known address, a copy of the request to the financial institution together with the following notice which shall state with reasonable specificity the nature of the law enforcement inquiry:

“Records concerning your transactions held by the financial institution named in the attached request were obtained by (agency or department) under the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 on (date) for the following purpose: Emergency access to such records was obtained on the grounds that (state grounds).”.

(d) Any memorandum, affidavit, or other paper filed in connection with a request for delay in notification shall be preserved by the court. Upon petition by the customer to whom such records pertain, the court may order disclosure of such papers to the petitioner unless the audit makes the findings required in subsection (a).

CUSTOMER CHALLENGE PROVISIONS

12 USC 3410.

SEC. 1110. (a) Within ten days of service or within fourteen days of mailing of a subpoena, summons, or formal written request, a customer may file a motion to quash an administrative summons or judicial subpoena, or an application to enjoin a Government authority from obtaining financial records pursuant to a formal written request, with
92 STAT. 3704		PUBLIC LAW 95—630—NOV. 10, 1978

copies served upon the Government authority. A motion to quash a judicial subpoena shall be fled in the court which issued the subpoena. 
A motion to quash an administrative summons or an application to enjoin a Government authority from obtaining records pursuant to a formal written request shall be fled in the appropriate United States district court. Such motion or application shall contain an affidavit or sworn statement—
	(1) stating that the applicant is a customer of the financial institution from which financial records pertaining to him have been sought; and
	(2) stating the applicant's reasons for believing that the financial records sought are not relevant to the legitimate law enforcement inquiry stated by the Government authority in its notice, or that there has not been substantial compliance with the provisions of this title.
Service shall be made under this section upon a Government authority by delivering or mailing by registered or certified mail a copy of the papers to the person, office, or department specified in the notice which the customer has received pursuant to this title. For the purposes of this section, "delivery" has the meaning stated in rule 5(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
	(b) If the court finds that the customer has complied with subsection (a), it shall order the Government authority to fle a sworn response, which may be fled in camera if the Government includes in its response the reasons which make in camera review appropriate. If the court is unable to determine the motion or application on the basis of the parties' initial allegations and response, the court may conduct such additional proceedings as it deems appropriate. All such proceedings shall be completed and the motion or application decided within seven calendar days of the fling of the Government's response.
	(c) If the court finds that the applicant is not the customer to whom the children financial records sought by the Government authority pertain, or that there is a demonstrable reason to believe that the law enforcement inquiry is legitimate and a reasonable belief that the records sought are relevant to that inquiry, it shall deny the motion or application, and, in the case of an administrative summons or court order other than a search warrant, order such process enforced. If the court finds that the applicant is the customer to whom the records sought by the Government authority pertain, and that there is not a demonstrable reason to believe that the law enforcement inquiry is legitimate and a reasonable belief that the records sought are relevant to that inquiry, or that there has not been substantial compliance with the provisions of this title, it shall order the process quashed or shall enjoin the Government authority's formal written request.
	(d) A court ruling denying a motion or application under this section shall not be deemed a final order and no interlocutory appeal may be taken therefrom by the customer. An appeal of a ruling denying a motion or application under this section may be taken by the customer—
 (1) within such period of time as provided by law as part of any appeal from a final order in any legal proceeding initiated against him arising out of or based upon the financial records, or (2) within thirty day after a notification that no legal proceeding is contemplated against him. The Government authority obtaining the financial records shall promptly notify a customer when a determination has been made that no legal proceeding against him is contemplated. After one hundred and eight days from the denial of the motion or application, if the Government authority obtaining the records has not initiated such
PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978

a proceeding, a supervisory official of the Government authority shall certify to the appropriate court that no such determination has been made. The court may require that such certifications be made, at reasonable intervals thereafter, until either notification to the customer has occurred or a legal proceeding is initiated as described in clause (A).

(e) The challenge procedures of this title constitute the sole judicial remedy available to a customer to oppose disclosure of financial records pursuant to this title.

(f) Nothing in this title shall enlarge or restrict any rights of a financial institution to challenge requests for records made by a Government authority under existing law. Nothing in this title shall entitle a customer to assert the rights of a financial institution.

DUTY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

SEC. 1111. Upon receipt of a request for financial records made by a Government authority under section 1105 or 1107, the financial institution shall, unless otherwise provided by law, proceed to assemble the records requested and must be prepared to deliver the records to the Government authority upon receipt of the certificate required under section 1103(b).

USE OF INFORMATION

SEC. 1112. (a) Financial records originally obtained pursuant to this title snail not be transferred to another agency or department unless the transferring agency or department certifies in writing that there is reason to believe that the records are relevant to a legitimate law enforcement inquiry within the jurisdiction of the receiving agency or department.

(b) When financial records subject to this title are transferred pursuant to subsection (a), the transferring agency or department shall, within fourteen days, send to the customer a copy of the certification made pursuant to subsection (a) and the following notice, which shall state the nature of the law enforcement inquiry with reasonable specificity: “Copies of, or information contained in, your financial records lawfully in possession of _______ have been furnished to _______ pursuant to the Right of Financial Privacy Act of 1978 for the following purpose: _______. If you believe that this transfer has not been made to further a legitimate law enforcement inquiry, you may have legal rights under the Financial Privacy Act of 1978 or the Privacy Act of 1974.”

(c) Notwithstanding subsection (b), notice to the customer may be delayed if the transferring agency or department has obtained a court order delaying notice pursuant to section 1109(a) and (b) and that order is still in effect, or if the receiving agency or department obtains a court order authorizing a delay in notice pursuant to section 1109(a) and (b). Upon the expiration of any such period of delay, the transferring agency or department shall serve to the customer the notice specified in subsection (b) above and the agency or department that obtained the court order authorizing a delay in notice pursuant to section 1109(a) and (b) shall serve to the customer the notice specified in section 1109(b).

(d) Nothing in this title prohibits any supervisory agency from exchanging examination reports or other information with another supervisory agency. Nothing in this title prohibits the transfer of a customer’s financial records needed by counsel for a Government
92 STAT. 3706      PUBLIC LAW 95-630— NOV. 10, 1978


12 USC 3413.      Sec. 1113. (a) Nothing in this title prohibits the disclosure of any financial records or information which is not identified with or identifiable as being derived from the financial records of a particular customer.
     (b) Nothing in this title prohibits examination by or disclosure to any supervisory agency of financial records or information in the exercise of its supervisory, regulatory, or monetary functions with respect to a financial institution. 
26 USC 1 et seq.      (c) Nothing in this title prohibits the disclosure of financial records in accordance with procedures authorized by the Internal Revenue Code.
     (d) Nothing in this title shall authorize the withholding of financial records or information required to be reported in accordance with any Federal statute or rule promulgated thereunder.
     (e) Nothing in this title shall apply when financial records are sought by a Government authority under the Federal Rules of Civil or Criminal Procedure or comparable rules of other courts in connection with litigation to which the Government authority and the customer are parties.
     (f) Nothing in this title shall apply when financial records are sought by a Government authority pursuant to an administrative subpoena issued by an administrative law judge in an adjudicatory proceeding subject to section 554 of title 5, United States Code, and to which the Government authority and the customer are parties.
     (g) The notice requirements of this title and sections 1110 and 1112 shall not apply when a Government authority by a means described in section 1102 and for a legitimate law enforcement inquiry is seeking only the name, address, account number, and type of account of any customer or ascertainable group of customers associated (1) with a financial transaction or class of financial transactions, or (2) with a foreign country or subdivision thereof in the case of a Government authority exercising financial controls over foreign accounts in the United States under section 5(b) of the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 5(b)); the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (title II, Public Law 95-223) ; or section 5 of the United50 USC 1701 note Nations Participation Act (22 U.S.C. 287(c)).
     (h)(1) Nothing in this title (except sections 1103, 1117 and 1118) shall apply when financial records are sought by a Government authority—
Certification.      (A) in connection with a lawful proceeding, investigation, examination, or inspection directed at the financial institution in possession of such records or at a legal entity which is not a customer; or 
     (B) in connection with the authority's consideration or administration of assistance to the customer in the form of a Government loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance program.
     (2) When financial records are sought pursuant to this subsection, the Government authority shall submit to the financial institution the certificate required by section 1103(b). For access pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), no further certification shall be required for subse-
PUBLIC LAW 95-630-NOV. 10 1978
92 STAT. 3707

quent access by the certifying Government authority during the term of the loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement.
(3) After the effective date of this title, whenever a customer applies for participation in a Government loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance program, the Government authority administering such program shall give the customer written notice of the authority's access rights under this subsection. No further notification shall be required for subsequent access by that authority during the term of the loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement.
(4) Financial records obtained pursuant to this subsection may be used only for the purpose for which they were originally obtained, and may be transferred to another agency or department only when the transfer is to facilitate a lawful proceeding, investigation, examination, or inspection directed at the financial institution in possession of such records, or at a legal entity which is not a customer, except that-
(A) nothing in this paragraph prohibits the use or transfer of a customer's financial records needed by counsel representing a Government authority in a civil action arising from a Government loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement; and
(B) nothing in this paragraph prohibits a Government authority providing assistance to a customer in the form of a loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement from using or transferring financial records necessary to process, service or foreclose a loan, or to collect on an indebtedness to the Government resulting from a customer's default.
(5) Notification that financial records obtained pursuant to this subsection may relate to a potential civil, criminal, or regulatory violation by a customer may be given to an agency or department with jurisdiction over that violation, and such agency or department may then seek access to the records pursuant to the provisions of this title.
(6) Each financial institution shall keep a notation of each disclosure made pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) of this subsection, including the date of such disclosure and the Government authority to which it was made. The customer shall be entitled to inspect this information.
(i) Nothing in this title (except sections 1115 and 1120) shall apply to any subpoena or court order issued in connection with proceedings before a grand jury.
(j) This title shall not apply when financial records are sought by the General Accounting Office pursuant to an authorized proceeding, investigation, examination or audit directed at a government authority.

SPECIAL PROCEDURES

SEC. 1114. (a)(1) Nothing in this title (except sections 1115, 1117, 1118, and 1121) shall apply to the production and disclosure of financial records pursuant to requests from-
(A) a Government authority authorized to conduct foreign counter-or foreign positive-intelligence activities for purposes of conducting such activities; or
(B) the Secret Service for the purposes of conducting its protective functions (18 U.S.C 3056; 3 U.S.C. 202, Public Law 90-331, as amended).
(2) In the instances specified in paragraph (1), the Government authority shall submit to the financial insinuation to the certificate required in section 1108(b) signed by a supervisory official of a rank designated by the head of the Government authority.
92 STAT. 3708                                                                                PUBLIC LAW 95-680—NOV. 10, 1978

                                    (3) No financial institution, or officer, employee, or agent of such
                                    institution, shall disclose to any person that a Government authority 
                                    described in paragraph (1) has sought or obtained access to a custom­
                                    er’s financial records.

Disclosure,              (4) The Government authority specified in paragraph (1) shall
prohibition.               compile an annual tabulation of the occasions in which this section
                                    was used.

Obtaining                           (b) (1) Nothing in this title shall prohibit a Government authority 
financial records.          from obtaining financial records from a financial institution if the
                                    Government authority determines that delay in obtaining access to
                                    such records would create imminent danger of—
                                            (A) physical injury to any person;
                                            (B) serious property damage; or
                                            (C) flight to avoid prosecution.
                                    (2) In the instances specified in paragraph (1), the Government
                                    shall submit to the financial institution of the certificate required in 
                                    section 1103(b) signed by a supervisory official of a rank designated 
                                    by the head of the Government authority.
                                    (3) Within five days of obtaining access to financial records under 
                                    this subsection, the Government authority shall file with the appropri­
                                    ate court signed, sworn statement of a supervisory official of a rank 
                                    designated by the head of the Government authority setting forth the 
                                    grounds for the emergency access. The Government authority shall 
                                    thereafter comply with the notice provisions of section 1109(c).
                                    (4) The Government authority specified in paragraph (1) shall
Annual                             compile an annual tabulation of the occasions in which this section was
tabulation.                      used.

COST REIMBURSEMENT
12 USC 3415.             SEC. 1115. (a) Except for records obtained pursuant to section 1103(d) or 1113(a) through (h), or as otherwise provided by law, a
                                    Government authority shall pay to the financial institution assembling 
                                    or providing financial records pertaining to a customer and in accord­
                                    ance with procedures established by this title a fee for reimbursement 
                                    for such costs as are reasonably necessary and which have been directly 
                                    incurred in searching for, reproducing, or transporting books, papers, 
Regulation.                      records, or other data required or requested to be produced. The Board 
                                    of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall, by regulation, estab­
                                    lish the rates and conditions under which such payment may be made.
Effective date.               (b) This section shall take effect on October 1,1979.

JURISDICTION
12 USC 3416.              SEC. 1116. An action to enforce any provision of this title may be
                                    brought in any appropriate United States district court without
                                    regard to the amount in controversy within three years from the date 
                                    on which the violation occurs or the date of discovery of such violation, 
                                    whichever is later.

CIVIL PENALTIES
12 USC 3417.              SEC. 1117. (a) Any agency or department of the United States or 
                                    financial institution obtaining or disclosing financial records or infor­
                                    mation contained therein in violation of this title is liable to the cus­
                                    tomer to whom such records relate in an amount equal to the sum of—
                                            (1) $100 without regard to the volume of records involved;
                                            (2) any actual damages sustained by the customer as a result 
                                                  of the disclosure;
PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978
92 STAT. 3709

Terms of section
(3) such punitive damages as the court may allow, where the 
violation is found to have been willful or intentional; and
(4) in the case of any successful action to enforce liability 
under this section, the costs of the action together with reasonable
attorney's fees as determined by the court.
(b) Whenever the court determines that any agency or department 
of the United States has violated any provision of this title and the 
court finds that the circumstances surrounding the violation raise 
questions of whether an officer or employee of the department or 
agency acted willfully or intentionally with respect to the violation, 
the Civil Service Commission shall promptly initiate a proceeding 
to determine whether disciplinary action is warranted against the 
officer or employee who was primarily responsible for the violation. 
The Commission after investigation and consideration of the evidence 
submitted, shall submit its findings and recommendations to the 
administrative authority of the agency concerned and shall send 
copies of the findings and recommendations to the officer or employee 
or his representative. The administrative authority shall take the cor-
rective action that the Commission recommends.
(c) Any financial institution or agent or employee thereof making 
a disclosure of financial records pursuant to this title in good-faith 
reliance upon a certificate by any Government authority shall not be 
liable to the customer for such disclosure.
Liability.
(d) The remedies and sanctions described in this title shall be the 
only authorized judicial remedies and sanctions for violations of this 
title.

INJUNCTIVE RELIEF

Sec. 1118. In addition to any other remedy contained in this title, 
injunctive relief shall be available to require that the procedures of 
this title are complied with. In the event of any successful action, costs
together with reasonable attorney's fees as determined by the court 
may be recovered.
Sec 1118. 12 USC 3418

SUSPENSION OF STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS

SEC. 1119. If any individual files a motion or application under this
12 USC 3419 title which has the effect of delaying the access of a Government 
authority to financial records pertaining to such individual, any 
applicable statute of limitations shall be deemed to be tolled for the 
period extending from the date such motion or application was filed 
until the date upon which the motion or application is decided.
Sec 1119. 12 USC 3419


GRAND JURY INFORMATION

SEC. 1120. Financial records about a customer obtained from a 
financial institution pursuant to a subpena issued under the authority 
of a Federal grand jury -
(a) 12 USC 3420


(1) shall be returned and actually presented to the grand jury;
(2) shall be used only for the purpose of considering whether 
to issue an indictment or presentment by that grand jury, or of 
prosecuting a crime for which that indictment or presentment is
issued, or for a purpose authorized by rule 6(e) of the Federal 
Rules of Criminal Procedure;
(3) shall be destroyed or returned to the financial institution if 
not used for one of the purposes specified in paragraph (2); and
(4) shall not be maintained, or a description of the contents of 
such records shall not be maintained by any Government authority
 18 USC app.
92 STAT. 3710              PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978

other than in the sealed records of the grand jury, unless such record has been used in the prosecution of a crime for which the grand jury issued an indictment or presentment or for a purpose authorized by rule 6(e) of the Federal Rules of Criminal                      Procedure. 
-------------------------------     
18 USC app.        REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
Report to                  Sec. 1121. (a) In April of each year, the Director of the Admin- 
congressional         istrative Office of the United States Courts shall send to the appro-
committees.            priate committees of Congress a report concerning the number of 
12 USC 3421.        applications for delays of notice made pursuant to section 1109 and 
the number of customer challenges made pursuant to section 1110 
during the preceding calendar year. Such report shall include: the 
identity of the Government authority requesting a delay of notice; the 
number of notice delays sought and the number granted under each 
subparagraph of section 1109(a)(3); the number of notice delay 
extensions sought and the number granted; and the number of custo- 
mer challenges made and the number that are successful. 
(b) In April of each year, each Government authority that requests 
access to financial records of any customer from a financial institution 
pursuant to section 1104, 1105, 1106, 1107, 1108, 1109, or 1114 shall 
send to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing 
requests made during the preceding calendar year. Such report shall 
include the number of requests for records made pursuant to each 
section of this title listed in the preceding sentence and any other 
related information deemed relevant or useful by the Government 
authority. 
12 USC 3422.          Sec. 1122. The Securities and Exchange Commission shall not be 
subject to the provisions of this title for a period of two years from 
the date of enactment of this title. 
                     TITLE XII—CHARTERS FOR THRIFT INSTITUTIONS 
"Association."           Sec. 1201. Section 2(d) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 
                     (12 U.S.C. 1462(d)) is amended to.read as follows: 
                           "(d) The term 'association' means a Federal savings and loan asso- 
                     ciation or a Federal mutual savings bank chartered by the Board 
                     under section 5, and any reference in any other law to a Federal sav- 
                     ings and loan association shall be deemed to be also a reference to a 
                     Federal mutual savings bank, unless the context indicates otherwise.” 
Rules and              Sec. 1202. Section 5(a) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 
regulations.         U.S.C. 1464(a)) is amended to read as follows:
                         "Sec. 5. (a) In order to provide local mutual thrift institutions in 
                      which people may invest their funds and in order to provide for the 
                      financing of homes, the Board is authorized, under such rules and reg- 
                      ulations as it may prescribe, to provide for the organization, incorpora- 
                      tion, examination, operation, and regulation of associations to be 
                      known as 'Federal Savings and Loan Associations', or 'Federal mutual 
                      savings banks' (but only in the case of institutions which, prior to con- 
                      version, were State mutual savings banks located in States which 
                      authorize the chartering of State mutual savings banks, provided such 
                      conversion is not in contravention of State law), and to issue charters 
                      therefor, giving primary consideration to the best practices of local 
                      mutual thrift and home-financing institutions in the United States,
                      An association which was formerly organized as a savings bank under 
                      State law may not convert from the mutual to the stock form of owner- 
                      ship. An association which was formerly organized as a savings bank
