PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996  110 STAT. 3009-222

of the United States Senate a plan which details how the Department of the Interior will make a final determination as to whether or not an applicant is entitled to a patent under the general mining laws on at least 90 percent of such applications within five years of the enactment of this Act and file reports annually thereafter with the same committees detailing actions taken by the Department of the Interior to carry out such plan; and
  (2) Take such actions as may be necessary to carry out such plan.
  MINERAL EXAMINATIONS.—In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Interior shall allow the applicant to fund a qualified third-party contractor to be selected by the Bureau of Land Management to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in subsection (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in accordance with the standard procedures employed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors.
  SEC. 315. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for the purposes of acquiring lands in the counties of Gallia, Lawrence, Monroe, or Washington, Ohio, for the Wayne National Forest.
  SEC. 316. Of the funds provided to the National Endowment for the Arts—
  (a) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, National Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship.
  (b) The Chairperson shall establish procedures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services.
  (c) No grant shall be used for seasonal support to a group, unless the application is specific to the contents of the season, including identified programs and/or projects.
  SEC. 317. None of the funds available to the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture by this or any other Act may be used to prepare, promulgate, implement, or enforce any interim or final rule or regulation pursuant to Title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act to assert jurisdiction, management, or control over any waters (other than non-navigable waters on Federal lands), non-Federal lands, or lands selected by, but not conveyed to, the State of Alaska pursuant to the Submerged Lands Act of 1953 or the Alaska Statehood Act, or an Alaska Native Corporation pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.
  SEC. 318. No funds appropriated under this or any other Act shall be used to review or modify sourcing areas previously approved under section 490(c)(3) of the Forest Resources Conservation and Shortage Relief Act of 1990 (Public Law 101-382) or to enforce or implement Federal regulations 36 CFR part 223 promulgated