PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996	110 STAT. 3009-200

rentals for periods not in excess of twelve months beginning at any time during the fiscal year.
 
SEC. 107. Prior to the transfer of Presidio properties to the Presidio Trust, when authorized, the Secretary may not obligate in any calendar month more than ¹⁄₁₂ of the fiscal year 1997 appropriation for operation of the Presidio: Provided, That prior to the transfer of any Presidio property to the Presidio Trust, the Secretary shall transfer such funds as the Trust deems necessary to initiate leasing and other authorized activities of the Trust: Provided further, That this section shall expire on December 31, 1996.

SEC. 108. No final rule or regulation of any agency of the Federal Government pertaining to the recognition, management, or validity of a right-of-way pursuant to Revised Statute 2477 (43 U.S.C. 932) shall take effect unless expressly authorized by an Act of Congress subsequent to the date of enactment of this Act.

SEC. 109. No funds provided in this title may be expended by the Department of the Interior for the conduct of offshore leasing and related activities placed under restriction in the President's moratorium statement of June 26, 1990, in the areas of Northern, Central, and Southern California; the North Atlantic; Washington and Oregon; and the Eastern Gulf of Mexico south of 26 degrees north latitude and east of 86 degrees west longitude.

SEC. 110. No funds provided in this title may be expended by the Department of the Interior for the conduct of leasing or preleasing activities in the North Aleutian Basin planning area.

SEC. 111. No funds provided in this title may be expended by the Department of the Interior for the conduct of preleasing and leasing activities in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico for Outer Continental Shelf Lease Sale 151 in the Outer Continental Shelf Natural Gas and Oil Resource Management Comprehensive Program, 1992–1997.

SEC. 112. No funds provided in this title may be expended by the Department of the Interior for the conduct of preleasing and leasing activities in the Atlantic for Outer Continental Shelf Lease Sale 164 in the Outer Continental Shelf Natural Gas and Oil Resource Management Comprehensive Program, 1992–1997. 

SEC. 113. There is hereby established in the Treasury a franchise fund pilot, as authorized by section 403 of Public Law 103–356, to be available as provided in such section for costs of capitalizing and operating administrative services as the Secretary determines may be performed more advantageously as central services: Provided, That any inventories, equipment, and other assets pertaining to the services to be provided by such fund, either on hand or on order, less the related liabilities or unpaid obligations, and any appropriations made prior to the current year for the purpose of providing capital shall be used to capitalize such fund: Provided further, That such fund shall be paid in advance from funds available to the Department and other Federal agencies for which such centralized services are performed, at rates which will return in full all expenses of operation, including accrued leave, depreciation of fund plant and equipment, amortization of automatic data processing (ADP) software and systems (either acquired or donated) and an amount necessary to maintain a reasonable operating reserve, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That