PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-588

"(B) The legal authority under which the proceedings are conducted.
"© The acts or conduct alleged to be in violation of law.
"(D) The charges against the alien and the statutory provisions alleged to have been violated.
"(E) The alien may be represented by counsel and the alien will be provided (i) a period of time to secure counsel under subsection (b)(1) and (ii) a current list of counsel prepared under subsection (b)(2).
"(F)(i) The requirement that the alien must immediate provide (or have provided) the Attorney General with a written record of an address and telephone number (if any) at which the alien may be contacted respecting proceedings under section 240.
"(ii) The requirement that the alien must provider the Attorney General immediately with a written record of any change of the alien's address or telephone number.
"(iii) The consequences under section 240(b)(5) of failure to provide address and telephone information pursuant to this subparagraph.
"(G)(i) The time and place at which the proceedings will be held.
“(iii) The consequences under section 240(b)(5) of the failure, except under exceptional circumstances, to appear at such proceedings.
"(2) NOTICE OF CHANGE IN TIME OR PLACE OF PROCEEDINGS. —
"(A) IN GENERAL.—In removal proceedings under section 240, in the case of any change or postponement in the time and place of such proceedings, subject to subparagraph (B) a written notice shall be given in person to the alien or, if personal service is not practicable, through service by mail to the alien or to the alien’s counsel of record, if any) specifying—
“(i) the new time or place of the proceedings, and
“(ii) the consequences under section 240(b)(5) of failing, except under exceptional circumstance, to attend such proceedings.
"(B) EXCEPTION.—In the case of an alien not in detention, a written notice shall not be required under this paragraph if the alien has failed to provide the address required under paragraph (1)(F).
"(3) CENTRAL ADDRESS FILES.—The Attorney General shall create a system to record and preserve on a timely basis notices of addresses and telephone numbers (and changes) provided under paragraph (1)(F).
"(b) SECURING OF COUNSEL—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—In order that an alien be permitted the opportunity to secure counsel before the first hearing date in proceedings under section 240, the hearing date shall not be scheduled earlier that 10 days after the service of the notice to appear, unless the alien requests in writing an earlier hearing date.
"(2) CURRENT LISTS OF COUNSEL.—The Attorney General shall provide for lists (updated not less often that quarterly) of persons who have indicated their availability to represent