PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996        110 STAT. 3009–606

of admission based on a ground that existed before or at the time of admission, or
      ‘‘(II) is an alien crewman permitted to land temporarily under section 252 and is ordered removed within 5 years of the date of landing.
    ‘‘(C) COSTS OF REMOVAL OF CERTAIN ALIENS GRANTED VOLUNTARY DEPARTURE.—In the case of an alien who has been granted voluntary departure under section 240B and who is financially unable to depart at the alien’s own expense and whose removal the Attorney General deems to be in the best interest of the United States, the expense of such removal may be paid from the appropriation for the enforcement of this Act.
    ‘‘(f) ALIENS REQUIRING PERSONAL CARE DURING REMOVAL.—
       ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—If the Attorney General believes that an alien being removed requires personal care because of the alien’s mental or physical condition, the Attorney General may employ a suitable person for that purpose who shall accompany and care for the alien until the alien arrives at the final destination.
       ‘‘(2) COSTS.—The costs of providing the service described in paragraph (1) shall be defrayed in the same manner as the expense of removing the accompanied alien is defrayed under this section.
    ‘‘(g) PLACES OF DETENTION.—
       ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General shall arrange for appropriate places of detention for aliens detained pending removal or a decision on removal. When United States Government facilities are unavailable or facilities adapted or suitably located for detention are unavailable for rental, the Attorney General may expend from the appropriation ‘Immigration and Naturalization Service—Salaries and Expenses’, without regard to section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5), amounts necessary to acquire land and to acquire, build, remodel, repair, and operate facilities (including living quarters for immigration officers if not otherwise available) necessary for detention.
       ‘‘(2) DETENTION FACILITIES OF THE IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE.—Prior to initiating any project for the construction of any new detention facility for the Service, the Commissioner shall consider the availability for purchase or lease of any existing prison, jail, detention center, or other comparable facility suitable for such use.
       ‘‘(h) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to create any substantive or procedural right or benefit that is legally enforceable by any party against the United States or its agencies or officers or any other person.”.
   (b) REENTRY OF ALIEN REMOVED PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF TERM OF IMPRISONMENT.—Section 276(b) (8 U.S.C. 1326(b)), as amended by section 321(b) of this division, is amended—
       (1) by striking “or” at the end of paragraph (2),
       (2) by adding “or” at the end of paragraph (3), and
       (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph:
       ‘‘(4) who was removed from the United States pursuant to section 241(a)(4)(B) who thereafter, without the permission of the Attorney General, enters, attempts to enter, or is at any time found in, the United States (unless the Attorney