PUBLIC LAW 104-208--SEPT. 30, 1996      110 STAT. 3009-226

(B)  As a condition for the exchange under subsection (a), the Public Utility District shall provide for a credit equal to the fair market value of the wastewater treatment facility conveyed pursuant to subparagraph (A) (determined as of November 4, 1991), that shall be applied to the United States' share of any new wastewater treatment facility constructed by the Public Utility District after such date.

(D)  ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.--The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the exchange under this section as the Secretary determines appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
    
SEC. 325.  "Snoqualmie National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 1996".

(a)  IN GENERAL--The Secretary of Agriculture is hereby directed to modify the boundary of the Snoqualmie National Forest to include and encompass 10,589.47 acres, more or less, as generally depicted on a map entitled "Snoqualmie National Forest Proposed 1996 Boundary Modification" dated July, 1996. Such map, together with a legal description of all lands included in the boundary adjustment, shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Chief of the Forest Service in Washington, District Columbia.
   (b)  RULE FOR LAND AND WATER CONVERSATION FUND.-- For the purposes of section 7 of the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 4601-9), the boundary of the Snoqualmie National Forest, as modified pursuant to subsection (a), shall be considered to be the boundary of the National Forest as of January 1, 1965.

SEC. 326.  Sugarbush Land Exchange Act of 1996.

(a)  EXCHANGE OR SALE OF LAND--
(1)  If Sugarbush Resort Holdings, Inc. conveys to the United States land acceptable to the Secretary of Agriculture that is at least equal in value to the value of the land described in subsection (a)(2), makes a payment of cash at least equal to that value, or conveys land and makes a payment of cash that in combination are at least equal to that value, the Secretary, subject to valid existing rights, shall, under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in subsection (a)(2).
(2)  FEDERAL LAND TO BE EXCHANGED.--The Federal land to be exchanged is approximately 57 acres of federally owned land in the Green Mountain National Forest depicted on the map entitled “Green Mountain National Forest, Sugarbush Exchange,” dated December 1995.
(3)  Lands acquired from Sugarbush Resort Holdings, Inc.--Any land conveyed to the United States in an exchange under subsection (a)(1) shall be subject to such valid existing rights of record as may be acceptable to the Secretary, and the title to the parcel shall conform with the title approval standards applicable to federal land acquisitions.
(b)  ADMINISTRATION OF LAND.--
(1)  ADDITION TO GREEN MOUNTIAN NATIONAL FOREST.-- On approval and acceptance of title by the Secretary, the