PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996      110 STAT. 3009-516

Sec. 5505. Authority To Convey Whitefish Point Light Station Land.
    (a) Authority To Convey.—
        (1) In general.—Except as otherwise provided in this section, the Secretary of the Interior (in this section referred to as the “Secretary”) may convey, by an appropriate means of conveyance, all right, title, and interest of the United States in 1 of the 3 parcels comprising the land on which the United States Coast Guard Whitefish Point Light Station is situated (in this section referred to as the “Property”), to each of the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society, located in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Michigan Audubon Society (each of which is referred to in this section as a “recipient”), subject to all easements, conditions, reservations, exceptions, and restrictions contained in prior conveyances of record.
        (2) Limitation.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the Secretary shall retain for the United States all right, title, and interest in—
                (A) any historical artifact, including any lens or lantern, and
                (B) the light, antennas, sound signal, towers, associated lighthouse equipment, and any electronic navigation equipment, which are active aids to navigation,
                which is located on the Property, or which relates to the Property.
        (3) Identification of the property.—The Secretary may identify, describe, and determine the parcels to be conveyed pursuant to this section.
        (4) Rights of access.—If necessary to ensure access to a public roadway for a parcel conveyed under this section, the Secretary shall convey with the parcel an appropriate easement over another parcel conveyed under this section.
        (5) Easement for public along shoreline.—In each conveyance under this section of property located on the shoreline of Lake Superior, the Secretary shall retain for the public, for public walkway purposes, a right-of-way along the shoreline that extends 30 feet inland from the mean high water line.
    (b) Terms and Conditions.—
        (1) In General.—Any conveyance pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made—
                (A) without payment of consideration; and
                (B) subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate.
        (2) Maintenance of Navigation Functions.—The Secretary shall ensure that any conveyance pursuant to this section is subject to such conditions as the Secretary considers to be necessary to assure that—
                (A) the light, antennas, sound signal, towers, and associated lighthouse equipment, and any electronic navigation equipment, which are located on the Property and which are active aids to navigation shall continue to be operated and maintained by the United States for as long as they are needed for this purpose;