PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996              110 STAT. 3009-30

(b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2252 the following:

"2252A. Certain activities relating to material constituting or containing child pornography.".

Subsection 4. Penalties for Sexual Exploitation of Children.

Section 2251(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
"(d) Any individual who violates, or attempts or conspires to violate, this section shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not less than 10 years nor more than 20 years, and both, but if such person has one prior conviction under this chapter or chapter 109A, or under the laws of any State relating to the sexual exploitation of children, such person shall be fined under this title and imprisoned for not less than 15 years nor more than 30 years, but if such person has 2 or more prior convictions under this chapter or chapter 109A, or under the laws of any State relating to the sexual exploitation of children, such person shall be fined under this title and imprisoned not less than 30 years nor more than life. Any organization that violates, or attempts or conspires to violate, this section shall be fined under this title. Whoever, in the course of an offense under this section, engages in conduct that results in the death of a person, shall be punished by death or imprisoned for any term of years or for life.".

Subsection 5. Material Involving Sexual Exploitation of Minors.

Section 2252 of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following:
    "(b)(1) Whoever violates, or attempts or conspires to violate, paragraphs (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a) shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both, but if such person has a prior conviction under this chapter or chapter 109A, or under the laws of any State relating to aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse, or abusive sexual conduct involving a minor or ward, or the production, possession, receipt, mailing, sale, distribution, shipment, or transportation of child pornography, such person shall be fined under this title and imprisoned for not less than 5 years nor more than 30 years.
    "(2) Whoever violates, or attempts or conspires to violate, paragraph (4) of subsection (a) shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both, but if such person has a prior conviction under this chapter or chapter 109A, or under the laws of any State relating to the possession of child pornography, such person shall be fined under this title and imprisoned for not less than 2 years nor more than 10 years.".

Subsection 6. Privacy Protection Act Amendments.

Section 101 of the Privacy Protection Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 2000aa) is amended—
    (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting before the parenthesis at the end the following: ", or if the offense involves the production, possession, receipt, mailing, sale, distribution, shipment, or transportation of child pornography, the sexual exploitation of children, or the sale or purchase of children under section