110 STAT. 3009–363        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(1) CIVIL SERVICE RETIREMENT SYSTEM.—Section 8341(e) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(4) If the annuity of a child under this subchapter terminates under paragraph (3)(E) because of marriage, then, if such marriage ends, such annuity shall resume on the first day of the month in which it ends, but only if—
‘‘(A) any lump sum paid is returned to the Fund; and
‘‘(B) that individual is not otherwise ineligible for such annuity.’’.
(2) FEDERAL EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT SYSTEM.—Section 8443(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘If the annuity of a child under this subchapter terminates under subparagraph (E) because of marriage, then, if such marriage ends, such annuity shall resume on the first day of the month in which it ends, but only if any lump sum paid is returned to the Fund, and the individual is not otherwise ineligible for such annuity.’’.
(3) FEDERAL EMPLOYEES HEALTH BENEFITS.—Section 8908 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following new subsection:
‘‘(d) A surviving child whose survivor annuity under section 8341(e) or 8443(b) was terminated and is later restored under paragraph (4) of section 8341(e) or the last sentence of section 8443(b) may, under regulations prescribed by the Office, enroll in a health benefits plan described by section 8903 or 8903a if such surviving child was covered by any such plan immediately before such annuity was terminated.’’.
(b) APPLICABILITY.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any termination of marriage taking effect before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act, except that benefits shall be payable only with respect to amounts accruing for periods beginning on the first day of the month beginning after the later of such termination of marriage or such date of enactment.
SEC. 634. AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL LEAVE FOR EMPLOYEES AFFECTED BY REDUCTION IN FORCE.—Section 6304(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following new subsection:
‘‘(g) An employee who is being involuntarily separated from an agency due to a reduction in force or transfer of function under subchapter I of chapter 35 may elect to use annual leave to the employee’s credit to remain on the agency’s rolls after the date the employee would otherwise have been separated, if, and only to, the extent that, such additional time in a pay status will enable the employee to qualify for an immediate annuity under section 8336.
8412, 8414, or to qualify to carry health benefits coverage into retirement under section 8905(b).’’.

SEC. 635. Section 207(e)(6)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘level V of the Executive Schedule’’ and inserting ‘‘level 5 of the Senior Executive Service’’.

SEC. 636. REIMBURSEMENTS RELATING TO PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY INSURANCE.—(a) AUTHORITY.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts appropriated by this Act (or any other Act for fiscal year 1997 or nay fiscal year thereafter) for salaries and expenses may be used to reimburse any qualified employee for not to exceed one-half the costs incurred by such employee for