110 STAT. 3009–531 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

SEC. 109. DESIGNATION OF ELKHORN CREEK AS A WILD AND SCENIC RIVER.
Section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
    ‘‘( ) (A) ELKHORN CREEK.—The 6.4 mile segment traversing federally administered lands from that point along the Willamette National Forest boundary on the common section line between Sections 12 and 13, Township 9 South, Range 4 East, Willamette Meridian, to that point where the segment leaves federal ownership along the Bureau of Land Management boundary in Section 1, Township 9 South, Range 3 East, Willamette Meridian, in the following classes:
        ‘‘(i) a 5.8-mile wild river area, extending from that point along the Willamette National Forest boundary on the section line between Sections 12 and 13, Township 9 South, Range 4 East, Willamette Meridian, to its confluence with Buck Creek in Section 1, Township 9 South, Range 3 East, Willamette Meridian, to be administered as agreed on by the Secretaries of Agriculture and the Interior, or as directed by the President; and
        ‘‘(ii) a 0.6-mile scenic river area, extending from the confluence with Buck Creek in Section 1, Township 9 South, Range 3 East, Willamette Meridian, to that point where the segment leaves federal ownership along the Bureau of Land Management boundary in Section 1, Township 9 South, Range 3 East, Willamette Meridian, to be administered by the Secretary of the Interior, or as directed by the President.
        ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding section 3(b) of this Act, the lateral boundaries of both the wild river area and the scenic river area along Elkhorn Creek shall include an average of not more than 640 acres per mile measured from the ordinary high water mark on both sides of the river.’’

SEC. 110. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT.
    (a) ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT PLAN.—As a condition for receiving funding under subsection (b) of this section, the State of Oregon, in consultation with Marion County and the Secretary of Agriculture, shall develop a plan for economic development projects for which grants under this section may be used in a manner consistent with this title and to benefit local communities in the vicinity of the Opal Creek area. Such plan shall be based on an economic opportunity study and other appropriate information.
    (b) FUNDS PROVIDED TO THE STATE FOR GRANTS.—Upon completion of the Opal Creek Management Plan, and receipt of the plan referred to in subsection (a) of this section, the Secretary shall provide, subject to appropriations, $15,000,000, to the State of Oregon. Such funds shall be used to make grants or loans for economic development projects that further the purposes of this title and benefit the local communities in the vicinity of Opal Creek.
    (c) REPORT.—The State of Oregon shall—
        (1) prepare and provide the Secretary and Congress with an annual report on the use of the funds made available under this section;
        (2) make available to the Secretary and to Congress, upon request, all accounts, financial records, and other information necessary to audit and monitor the use of funds made available under this section.