110 STAT. 3009–21        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

SEC. 111. It is the sense of the Congress that the Drug Enforce-
ment Administration, together with other appropriate Federal agen-
cies, should take such actions as may be necessary to end the
illegal importation into the United States of Rohypnol
(flunitrazepam), a drug frequently distributed with the intent to 
facilitate sexual assault and rape.
SEC. 112. Section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984, 
as amended (42 U.S.C. 10601), is amended at subsection (e) by 
deleting ‘‘2’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’, and at subsection (d) by adding 
a new paragraph (5) as follows:
‘‘(5) The Director may set aside up to $500,000 of the
reserve fund described in paragraph (4) to make supplemental
grants to United States Attorneys Offices to provide necessary 
assistance to victims of the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah 
Federal Building in Oklahoma City, to facilitate observation 
of and/or participation by such victims in trial proceedings 
arising therefrom, including, without limitation, provision of  
lodging and travel assistance, and to pay such other, related 
expenses determined to be necessary by the Director.’’.
SEC. 113. Section 732 of Public Law 104–132 (110 Stat. 1303;
18 U.S.C. 841 note) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following
new paragraph:
‘‘(3) NEW PREVENTION TECHNOLOGIES.—In addition to the 
study of taggants as provided herein, the Secretary, in consulta-
tion with the Attorney General, shall concurrently report to 
the Congress on the possible use, and exploitation of tech-
nologies such as vapor detection devices, computed tomography,
nuclear quadrupole resonance, thermal neutron analysis, pulsed
fast-neutron analysis, and other technologies upon which rec-
ommendations to the Congress may be made for further study,
funding, and use of the same in preventing and solving acts
of terrorism involving explosive devices.’’; and
(2) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(d) SPECIAL STUDY.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall enter into a contract with the 
National Academy of Sciences (referred to in this section as
the ‘Academy’) to conduct a study of the tagging of smokeless 
and black powder by any viable technology for purposes of
detection and identification. The study shall be conducted by
an independent panel of 5 experts appointed by the Academy.
‘‘(2) STUDY ELEMENTS.—The study conducted under this
subsection shall—
‘‘(A) indicate whether the tracer elements, when added 
to smokeless and black powder—
‘‘(i) will pose a risk to human life or safety;
‘‘(ii) will substantially assist law enforcement offi-
cers in their investigative efforts;
‘‘(iii) will impair the quality and performance of
the powders (which shall include a broad and compre-
hensive sampling of all available powders) for their
intended lawful use, including, but not limited to the
sporting, defense, and handloading uses of the powders,
as well as their use in display and lawful consumer
pyrotechnics;