PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996       110 STAT. 3009-658

resources to provide appropriate services under a pilot
program for the person’s or entity’s hiring (or recruitment
or referral) in any or all States or places of hiring.
  (4) TERMINATION OF ELECTIONS.—The Attorney General
may terminate an election by a person or other entity under
this section because the person or entity has substantially
failed to comply with its obligations under the pilot program.
A person or other entity may terminate an election in such
form and manner as the Attorney General shall specify.
(d) CONSULTATION, EDUCATION, AND PUBLICITY.—
  (1) CONSULTATION.—The Attorney General shall closely
consult with representatives of employers (and recruiters and
referrers) in the development and implementation of the pilot
programs, including the education of employers (and recruiters
and referrers) about such programs.
  (2) PUBLICITY.—The Attorney General shall widely pub-
licize the election process and pilot programs, including the
voluntary nature of the pilot programs and the advantages
to employers (and recruiters and referrers) of making an elec-
tion under this section.
  (3) ASSISTANCE THROUGH DISTRICT OFFICES.—The Attorney
General shall designate one or more individuals in each Dis-
trict office of the Immigration and Naturalization Service for a Serv-
ice District in which a pilot program is being implemented—
    (A) to inform persons and other entities that seek
    information about pilot programs of the voluntary nature
    of such programs, and
    (B) to assist persons and other entities in electing
    and participating in any pilot programs in effect in the
    District, in complying with the requirements of section
    274A, and in facilitating confirmation of the identity and
    employment eligibility of individuals consistent with such
    section.
(e) SELECT ENTITIES REQUIRED TO PARTICIPATE IN A PILOT
PROGRAM.—
  (1) FEDERAL GOVERNMENT.—
    (A) EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.—
      (i) IN GENERAL.—Each Department of the Federal
      Government shall elect to participate in a pilot pro-
      gram and shall comply with the terms and conditions
      of such an election.
      (ii) ELECTION.—Subject to clause (iii), the Secretary
      of each such Department—
        (I) shall elect the pilot program (or programs)
        in which the Department shall participate, and
        (II) may limit the election to hiring occurring
        in certain States (or geographic areas) covered by
        the program (or programs) and in specified divi-
        sions within the Department, so long as all hiring
        by such divisions and in such locations is covered.
      (iii) ROLE OF ATTORNEY GENERAL.—The Attorney
      General shall assist and coordinate elections under
      this subparagraph in such manner as assures that—
        (I) a significant portion of the total hiring
        within each Department within States covered by
        a pilot program is covered under such a program,
        and