110 STAT. 3009–687        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(B) provide that the individual may request a fair hearing during the 30-day period beginning upon receipt of the notice under subparagraph (C); and

“(C) provide to the individual written notice of the 
determination under this paragraph, the right to a fair 
hearing process, and the time limitation for requesting 
a hearing under subparagraph (C).”; and 
(6) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the following: 
“(6) The Secretary shall terminate the eligibility for finan-
cial assistance of an individual and the members of the house-
hold of the individual, for a period of not less than 24 months, 
upon determining that such individual has knowingly permitted 
another individual who is not eligible for such assistance to 
reside in the public or assisted housing unit of the individual. 
This provision shall not apply to a family if the ineligibility 
of the ineligible individual at issue was considered in calculat-
ing any proration of assistance provided for the family.”.

SEC. 575. PROHIBITION OF SANCTIONS AGAINST ENTITIES MAKING 
               FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATIONS.

Section 214(e) of the Housing and Community Development 
Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a(e)) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (2), by adding “or” at the end;
(2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following:
“the response from the Immigration and Naturalization Service 
to the appeal of that individual.”; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (4).

SEC. 576. ELIGIBILITY FOR PUBLIC AND ASSISTED HOUSING. 

Section 214 of the Housing and Community Development Act
of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a) is amended by adding at the end the 
following new subsection:
“(h) VERIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Except in the case of an election under 
paragraph (2)(A), no individual or family applying for financial 
assistance may receive such financial assistance prior to the 
affirmative establishment and verification of eligibility of at 
least the individual or one family member under this section 
by the Secretary or other appropriate entity. 
“(2) RULES APPLICABLE TO PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES.—
A public housing agency (as that term is defined in section 
3 of the United States Housing Act of 1937)—
“(A) may elect not to comply with this section; and 
“(B) in complying with this section—
“(i) may initiate procedures to affirmatively estab-
lish or verify the eligibility of an individual or family 
under this section at any time at which the public 
housing agency determines that such eligibility is in 
question, regardless of whether or not that individual 
or family is at or near the top of the waiting list 
of the public housing agency; 
“(ii) may affirmatively establish or verify the eligi-
bility of an individual or family under this section 
in accordance with the procedures set forth in section 
274A(b)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act; 
and
