PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–114

failure to comply with these annual reporting requirements (including potential suspension or debarment from federal contracting): Provided further, That within 180 days of enactment of this Act the Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to Congress which—
 
(1) using the most recent reporting data, details the number of reports received from Department of Defense contractors and the estimated number of Department of Defense contractors which are not in compliance with these annual reporting requirements;
(2) describes the steps taken by the Departments of Labor and Defense in order to ensure compliance with section 4212(d) of title 38, United States Code;
(3) describes any additional measures taken or planned to be taken by the Departments of Labor and Defense to improve compliance with section 4212(d) of title 38, United States Code pursuant to this section; and
(4) any further recommendations regarding additional action (including changes in existing law) which may be necessary to improve compliance with section 4212(d) of title 38, United States Code.
 
SEC. 8120. (a) LIMITATION ON ADVANCE BILLING.—During fiscal year 1997, advance billing for services provided or work performed by the Defense Business Operations Fund activities of the Department of the Navy in excess of $1,000,000,000 is prohibited.
(b) REVISED RATES; ADDITIONAL SURCHARGES.—In conjunction with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), the Secretary of the Navy shall develop a plan to revise fiscal year 1997 customer rates or establish additional surcharges so as to increase revenues to the Defense Business Operations Fund by at least an additional $500,000,000 in excess of orders accepted during fiscal year 1997.
(c) TRANSFER AUTHORITY.—To the extent necessary to comply with any rate increase or new surcharge on rates in fiscal year 1997 established under subsection (b), the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer at least $500,000,000, from funds made available under subsection (d), into customer accounts of the Navy used to reimburse the Defense Business Operations Fund so as to provide customers with sufficient resources to pay the increased customer rates and additional surcharges. The transfer authority provided by this subsection is in addition to other transfer authority provided in this Act. The funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred.
(d) SOURCE OF FUNDS.—To provide funds for transfer under subsection (c), the amounts appropriated elsewhere in this Act for the following appropriation accounts are reduced by 2.0 percent: Aircraft Procurement, Navy; Weapons Procurement, Navy; Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps; Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy; Other Procurement, Navy; and Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy. These reductions shall be applied on a pro-rata basis to each line item, program element,