PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996		110 STAT. 3009–360

States Government, may contain provisions appropriate to the 
particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such 
form or agreement shall, at a minimum, require that the person 
will not disclose any classified information received in the course 
of such activities unless specifically authorized to do so by the United 
States Government. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it 
clear that they do not bar disclosures to Congress or to an author­
ized official of an executive agency or the Department of Justice 
that are essential to reporting a substantial violation of law.

SEC. 626. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this or any 
other Act may be expended by any Federal Agency to procure 
any product or service subject to section 5124 of Public Law 104—
106 and that will be available under the procurement by the 
Administrator of General Services known as ‘‘FTS2000’’ unless—
	(1) such product or service is procured by the Administrator 
of General Services as part of the procurement known as 
‘‘FTS2000’’; or 
	(2) that agency establishes to the satisfaction of the 
Administrator of General Services that—
		(A) that agency’s requirements for such procurement 
are unique and cannot be satisfied by property and service 
procured by the Administrator of General Services as part 
of the procurement known as ‘‘FTS2000’’; and 
		(B) the agency procurement, pursuant to such delega­-
tion, would be cost-effective and would not adversely affect 
the cost-effectiveness of the FTS2000 procurement.
(b) After December 31, 1998, subsection (a) shall apply only 
if the Administrator of General Services has reported that the 
FTS2000 procurement is producing prices that allow the Govern­
ment to satisfy its requirements for such procurement in the most 
cost-effective manner.

SEC. 627. Subsection (f) of section 403 of Public Law 103—
356 is amended by deleting ‘‘October 1, 1999’’ and inserting ‘‘October 
1, 2001’’.						31 USC 501 note.

SEC. 628. (a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provi­
sion of law, none of the funds made available by this Act for 
the Department of the Treasury shall be available for any activity 
or for paying the salary of any Government employee where funding 
an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would 
result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that 
would permit the Secretary of the Treasury to make any loan 
or extension of credit under section 5302 of title 31, United States 
Code, with respect to a single foreign entity or government of 
a foreign country (including agencies or other entities of that govern­
ment)—
	(1) with respect to a loan or extension of credit for more 
than 60 days, unless the President certifies to the Committee 
on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and 
the Committee on Banking and Financial Services of the House 
of Representatives that—
		(A) there is no projected cost (as that term is defined 
in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990) 
to the United States from the proposed loan or extension 
of credit; and
		(B) any proposed obligation or expenditure of United 
States funds to or on behalf of the foreign government 
is adequately backed by an assured source of repayment