110 STAT. 3009-151              PUBLIC LAW 104-208-SEPT. 30, 1996

(A) to carry out chapters 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II (as the case may be), for such purposes as-
(i) project and sector assistance activities, or
(ii) debt and deficit financing; or
(B) for the administrative requirements of the United States Government.
(3) PROGRAMMING ACCOUNTABILITY.--The Agency for Inter-national Development shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the equivalent of the local currencies disbursed pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) from the separate account established pursuant to subsection (a)(1) are used for the purposes agreed upon pursuant to subsection (a)(2).
(4) TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS.--Upon termination of assistance to a country under chapters 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II (as the case may be), any unencumbered balances of funds which remain in a separate account established pursuant to subsection (a) shall be disposed of for such purposes as may be agreed to by the government of that country and the United States Government.
(5) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.--The provisions of this sub-section shall supersede the tenth and eleventh provisos contained under the heading ``Sub-Saharan Africa, Development Assistance'' as included in the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1989 and sections 531(d) and 609 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961.
(6) REPORTING REQUIREMENT.--The Administrator of the Agency for International Development shall report on an annual basis as part of the justification documents submitted to the Committees on Appropriations on the use of local currencies for the administrative requirements of the United States Government as authorized in subsection (a)(2)(B), and such report shall include the amount of local currency (and United States dollar equivalent) used and/or to be used for such purpose in each applicable country.
(b) SEPARATE ACCOUNTS FOR CASH TRANSFERS.--(1) If assist-ance is made available to the government of a foreign country, under chapters 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as cash transfer assistance or as nonproject sector assistance, that country shall be required to maintain such funds in a separate account and not commingle them with any other funds.
(2) APPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.--Such funds may be obligated and expended notwithstanding provisions of law which are inconsistent with the nature of this assistance including provisions which are referenced in the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying House Joint Resolu-tion 648 (H. Report No. 98-1159).
(3) NOTIFICATION.--At lest fifteen days prior to obligating any such cash transfer or nonproject sector assistance, the President shall submit a notification through the regular notification proce-dures of the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include a detailed description of how the funds proposed to be made avail-able will be used, with a discussion of the United States interests that will be served by the assistance (including, as appropriate, a description of the economic policy reforms that will be promoted by such assistance).