110 STAT. 3009–449  PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

seq.) is amended by striking the item relating to section 623 and inserting the following:

‘‘623. Responsibilities of furnishers of information to consumer reporting
agencies.
‘‘624. Relation to State laws.’’.

SEC. 2414. INVESTIGATIVE CONSUMER REPORTS.
Section 606 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681d)
is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end and
inserting ‘‘and’’;
(2) by striking subsection (a)(2) and inserting the following:
‘‘(2) the person certifies or has certified to the consumer
reporting agency that—
‘‘(A) the person has made the disclosures to the
consumer required by paragraph (1); and
‘‘(B) the person will comply with subsection (b).’’;
(3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘shall’’ the second place
such term appears; and
(4) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(d) PROHIBITIONS.—
‘‘(1) CERTIFICATION.—A consumer reporting agency shall
not prepare or furnish an investigative consumer report unless
the agency has received a certification under subsection (a)(2)
from the person who requested the report.
‘‘(2) INQUIRIES.—A consumer reporting agency shall not
make an inquiry for the purpose of preparing an investigative
consumer report on a consumer for employment purposes if
the making of the inquiry by an employer or prospective
employer of the consumer would violate any applicable Federal
or State equal employment opportunity law or regulation.
‘‘(3) CERTAIN PUBLIC RECORD INFORMATION.—Except as
otherwise provided in section 613, a consumer reporting agency
shall not furnish an investigative consumer report that includes
information that is a matter of public record and that relates
to an arrest, indictment, conviction, civil judicial action, tax
lien, or outstanding judgment, unless the agency has verified
the accuracy of the information during the 30-day period ending
on the date on which the report is furnished.
‘‘(4) CERTAIN ADVERSE INFORMATION.—A consumer report-
ing agency shall not prepare or furnish an investigative
consumer report on a consumer that contains information that
is adverse to the interest of the consumer and that is obtained
through a personal interview with a neighbor, friend, or associ-
ate of the consumer or with another person with whom the
consumer is acquainted or who has knowledge of such item
of information, unless—
‘‘(A) the agency has followed reasonable procedures
to obtain confirmation of the information, from an addi-
tional source that has independent and direct knowledge
of the information; or
‘‘(B) the person interviewed is the best possible source
of the information.’’.