110 STAT. 3009-147		PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

placed on the appropriate calendar. A vote on final passage of the resolution, shall be taken in each House on or before February 28, 1997. If prior to the passage by 1 House of a resolution of that House under this section, that House receives the same resolution from the other House, then—

(i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no resolution had been received from the other House, but

(ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the resolution of the other House.

(6)(A) A motion in the House of Representatives to proceed to the consideration of a resolution under this section shall be highly privileged and not debatable. An amendment to the motion shall not be in order, nor shall it be in order to move to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to.

(B) Debate in the House of Representatives on the resolution described in paragraph (2) of this subsection shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing such resolution. A motion to further limit debate shall not be debatable. It shall not be in order to move to recommit a resolution or to move to reconsider the vote by which such resolution was agreed to or disagreed to.

(C) Appeals from the decision of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the House of Representatives to the procedures relating to a resolution under this section shall be decided without debate.

(D) Except to the extent specifically provided in preceding provisions of this subsection, consideration in the House of Representatives of a resolution under this subsection shall be governed by the rules of the House of Representatives applicable to other resolutions in similar circumstances.

(7)(A) A motion in the Senate to proceed to the consideration of a resolution under this section shall be debatable. It shall not be in order to move to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to.

(B) Debate in the Senate on the resolution described in paragraph (2) of this subsection, and all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours. The time shall be equally divided between, and controlled by, the mover and the manager of the resolution, except that in the event the manager of the resolution is in favor of any such motion or appeal, the time in opposition thereto shall be controlled by the minority leader or his designee. Such leaders, or either of them, may, from time under their control on the passage of a resolution, allot additional time to any Senator during the consideration of any debatable motion or appeal.

(C) A motion in the Senate to further limit debate is not debatable. A motion to recommit a resolution is not in order.

REPORTING REQUIREMENT

SEC. 519. The President shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the reports required by section 25(a)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act.