PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996                    110 STAT. 3009–358

    Sec. 619. Notwithstanding section 1346 of title 31, United 
States Code, or section 613 of this Act, funds made available for 
fiscal year 1997 by this or any other Act shall be available for 
the interagency funding of national security and emergency 
preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple 
Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as provided by Executive 
Order Numbered 12472 (April 3, 1984).
    Sec. 620. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this or any 
other Act may be obligated or expended by any Federal department, 
agency, or other instrumentality for the salaries or expenses of 
any employee appointed to a position of a confidential or policy-
determining character excepted from the competitive service pur-
suant to section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, without a certifi-
cation to the Office of Personnel Management from the head of 
the Federal department, agency, or other instrumentality employing 
the Schedule C appointee that the Schedule C position was not 
created solely or primarily in order to detail the employee to the 
White House.
    (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal 
employees or members of the armed services detailed to or from—
         (1) the Central Intelligence Agency;
         (2) the National Security Agency;
         (3) the Defense Intelligence Agency;
         (4) the offices within the Department of Defense for the
        collection of specialized national foreign intelligence through
        reconnaissance programs;
         (5) the Bureau of Intelligence and Research of the Depart-
        ment of State;
         (6) any agency, office, or unit of the Army, Navy, Air
        Force, and Marine Corps, the Federal Bureau of Investigation
        and the Drug Enforcement Administration of the Department
        of Justice, the Department of Transportation, the Department
        of the Treasury, and the Department of Energy performing
        intelligence functions; and 
         (7) the Director of Central Intelligence.
    Sec. 621. No department, agency, or instrumentality of the 
United States receiving appropriated funds under this or any other 
Act for fiscal year 1997 shall obligate or expend any such funds, 
unless such department, agency or instrumentality has in place, 
and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy 
designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from discrimi-
nation and sexual harassment and that all of its workplaces are 
not in violation of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as 
amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, and 
the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.
    Sec. 622. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act 
may be used to pay for the expenses of travel of employees, including 
employees of the Executive Office of the President, not directly 
responsible for the discharge of official governmental tasks and 
duties: Provided, That this restriction shall not apply to the family 
of the President, Members of Congress or their spouses, Heads 
of State of a foreign country or their designees, persons providing 
assistance to the President for official purposes, or other individuals 
so designated by the President.
    Sec. 623. Notwithstanding any provision of law, the President, 
or his designee, must certify to Congress, annually, that no person 
or persons with direct or indirect responsibility for administering 
                                               5 USC 7301 note.