110 STAT. 3009–337              PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

                    EXPENSES, PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION

    For expenses necessary to carry out the Presidential Transition
Act of 1963, as amended (3 U.S.C. 102 note), $5,600,000.

                    GENERAL PROVISIONS—GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION

   SECTION 401. The appropriate appropriation or fund available
to the General Services Administration shall be credited with the
cost of operation, protection, maintenance, upkeep, repair, and
improvement, included as part of rentals received from Government
corporations pursuant to law (40 U.S.C. 129).
   Sec. 402. Funds available to the General Services Administra-
tion shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles.
   Sec. 403. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available
for fiscal year 1997 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may
be transferred between such activities only to the extent necessary
to meet program requirements: Provided, That any proposed trans-
fers shall be approved in advance by the Committees on Appropria-
tions of the House and Senate.
   Sec. 404. No funds made available by this Act shall be used
to transmit a fiscal year 1998 request for United States Courthouse
construction that does not meet the design guide standards for
construction as established by the General Services Administration,
the Judicial Conference of the United States, and the Office of
Management and Budget and does not reflect the priorities of the
Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in approved
5-year construction plan: Provided, That the request must
be accompanied by a standardized courtroom utilization study of
each facility to be replaced or expanded.
   Sec. 405. None of the funds provided in this Act may be
used to increase the amount of occupiable square feet, provide
cleaning services, security enhancements, or any other service usu-
ally provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency
which does not pay the requested rate per square foot assessment
for space and services as determined by the General Services
Administration in compliance with the Public Buildings Amend-
ments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313).
   Sec. 406. The Administrator of the General Services is directed
to ensure that the materials used for the fascade on the United
States Courthouse Annex, Savannah, Georgia project are compatible
with the existing Savannah Federal Building–U.S. Courthouse
fascade, in order to ensure compatibility of this new facility with
the Savannah historic district and to ensure that the Annex will
not endanger the National Landmark status of the Savannah his-
toric district.
   Sec. 407. (a) Section 210 of the Federal Property and Adminis-
trative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 490) is amended by adding
at the end the following new subsection:
     (i)(1) The Administrator may establish, acquire space for, and
equip flexiplace work telecommuting centers (in this subsection
referred to as ‘telecommuting centers’) for use by employees of
Federal agencies, State and local governments, and the private
sector in accordance with this subsection.
     (2) The Administrator may make any telecommuting center
available for use by individuals who are not Federal employees
to the extent the center is not being fully utilized by Federal