110 STAT. 3009-101 PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

ending June 30, 1934, and for other purposes", approved March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a et seq.).

(b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a "Made in America" inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense.

(c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expending the appropriation, purchase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competitive, quality-competitive, and available in a timely fashion.

SEC. 8063. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for a contract for studies, analyses, or consulting services entered into without competition on the basis of an unsolicited proposal unless the head of the activity responsible for the procurement determines—

(1) as a result of thorough technical evaluation, only one source is found fully qualified to perform the proposed work, or
(2) the purpose of the contract is to explore an unsolicited proposal which offers significant scientific or technological promise, represents the result of significant independent effort, and was submitted in confidence by one source, or
(3) the purpose of the contract is to take advantage of unique and significant industrial accomplishment by a specific concern, or to insure that a new product or idea of a specific concern is given financial support:

Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to contracts in an amount of less than $25,000, contracts related to improvements of equipment that is in development or production or, contracts as to which a civilian official of the Department of Defense, who has been confirmed by the Senate, determines that the award of such contracts is in the interest of the national defense.

SEC. 8064. Funds appropriated by this Act for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414).

SEC. 8065. Notwithstanding section 142 of H.R. 3230, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997, as passed by the Senate on September 10, 1996, of the funds provided in title VI of this Act, under the heading "Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense", $40,000,000 shall only be available for the conduct of a pilot program to identify and demonstrate not less than two alternatives to the baseline incineration process for the demilitarization of assembled chemical munitions: Provided, That the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology shall, not later than December 1, 1996, designate a program manager who is not, nor has been, in direct or immediate control of the baseline reverse assembly incineration demilitarization program to carry out the pilot program: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology shall evaluate the effectiveness of each alternative chemical munitions