110 STAT. 3009-367 PUBLIC LAW 104-208-SEPT. 30, 1996

Center, subject to the condition that, during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the transfer—

(1) the University will provide for the continued use of the real property and improvements as an animal research facility, including primates, and such use will be the exclusive use of the property (with such incidental exceptions as the Secretary may approve); or

(2) the real property and improvements will be used for research-related purposes other than the purpose specified in paragraph (1) (or for both of such purposes, if the Secretary and the University enter into an agreement accordingly.

(b) The conveyance under subsection (a) shall not become effective unless the conveyance specifies that, if the University of Miami engages in a material breach of the conditions specified in such subsection, title to the real property and improvements involved reverts to the United States at the election of the Secretary.

(c) The real property referred to in subsections (a) and (b) is located in the county of Dade in the State of Florida, and is a parcel consisting of the northernmost 30 acre-parcel of the area. The exact acreage and legal description used for purposes of the transfer under subsection (a) shall be in accordance with a survey that is satisfactory to the Secretary.

(d) For the purposes of this section—

(1) the term "Secretary" means the Secretary of Health and Human Services; and

(2) the term "University of Miami" means the University of Miami located in the State of Florida.

SEC. 648. (a) INCREASED PENALTIES FOR COUNTERFEITING VIOLATIONS. -Sections 474 and 474A of title 18, United States Code, are amended by striking "class C felony" each place that term appears and inserting "class B felony".

(b) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR PRODUCTION, SALE, TRANSPORTATION, POSSESSION OF FICTITIOUS FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS PURPORTING TO BE THOSE OF THE STATES, OF POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS, AND OF PRIVATE ORGANIZATIONS.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 25 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 513, the following new section:

"§ 514. Fictitious obligations

"(a) Whoever, with the intent to defraud—

(1) draws, prints, processes, produces, publishes, or otherwise makes, or attempts or causes the same, within the United States;

(2) passes, utters, presents, offers, brokers, issues, sells, or attempts or causes the same, or with like intent possesses, within the United States; or

(3) utilizes interstate or foreign commerce, including the use of the mails or wire, radio, or other electronic communication, to transmit, transport, ship, move, transfer, or attempts or causes the same, to, from, or through the United States, any false or fictitious instrument, document, or other item appearing, representing, purporting, or contriving through scheme or artifice, to be an actual security or other financial instrument issued under the authority of the United States, a foreign government, a State or other political subdivision of the United States, or an organization, shall be guilty of a class B felony.