110 STAT. 3009–165  PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

GUATEMALA

SEC. 567. (a) Funds provided in this Act may be made available for the Guatemalan military forces, and the restrictions on Guatemala under the headings ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ shall not apply, only if the President determines and certifies to the Congress that the Guatemalan military is cooperating fully with efforts to resolve human rights abuses which elements of the Guatemalan military forces are alleged to have committed, ordered or attempted to thwart the investigation of, and with efforts to negotiate a peace settlement.
 (b) The prohibition contained in subsection (a) shall not apply to funds made available to implement a ceasefire or peace agreement.
 (c) Any funds made available pursuant to subsections (a) or (b) shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations.
 (d) Any funds made available pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) for international military education and training may only be for expanded international military education and training.

SANCTIONS AGAINST COUNTRIES HARBORING WAR CRIMINALS

 SEC. 568. (a) BILATERAL ASSISTANCE.—The President is authorized to withhold funds appropriated by this Act under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or the Arms Export Control Act for any country described in subsection (c).
 (b) MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary of the Treasury should instruct the United States executive directors of the international financial institutions to work in opposition to, and vote against, any extension by such institutions of financing or financial or technical assistance to any country described in subsection (c).
 (c) SANCTIONED COUNTRIES.—A country described in this subsection is a country the government of which knowingly grants sanctuary to persons in its territory for the purpose of evading prosecution, where such persons—
  (1) have been indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, or any other international tribunal with similar standing under international law, or
  (2) have been indicted for war crimes or crimes against humanity committed during the period beginning March 23, 1933 and ending on May 8, 1945 under the direction of, or in association with—
   (A) the Nazi government of Germany;
   (B) any government in any area occupied by the military forces of the Nazi government of Germany;
   (C) any government which was established with the assistance or cooperation of the Nazi government; or
   (D) any government which was an ally of the Nazi government of Germany.

LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE FOR HAITI

 SEC. 569. (a) LIMITATION.—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, may be provided to the Government of Haiti until the President reports to Congress that—