110 STAT. 3009–685         PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

available to that family by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall be prorated, based on the number of individuals in the family for whom eligibility has been affirmatively established under the program of financial assistance and under this section, as compared with the total number of individuals who are members of the family .’’.

SEC. 573. ACTIONS IN CASES OF TERMINATION OF FINANCIAL ASSIST­ ANCE.

Section 214(c)(1) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a(c)(1)) is amended—
          (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may, in its discretion,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’;
          (2) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Financial assistance continued under this subparagraph for a family may be provided only on a prorated basis, under which the amount of financial assistance is based on the percentage of the total number of members of the family that are eligible for that assistance under the program of financial assistance and under this section.’’; and
          (3) in subparagraph (B)—
                    (A) by striking ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘18-months’’;
                    (B) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘(B)’’;
                    (C) by striking ‘‘Any deferral’’ and inserting the follow­ ing:                                   
                           ‘‘(ii) Except as provided in clause (iii), any deferral’’;
                           and
                    (D) by adding at the end the following new clauses:
                           ‘‘(iii) The time period described in clause (ii) shall not apply in the case of a refugee under section 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act or an individual seek­ ing asylum under section 208 of that Act.’’.

SEC. 574. VERIFICATION OF IMMIGRATION STATUS AND ELIGIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE.

Section 214(d) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a(d)) is amended—
          (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or to be’’ after ‘‘being’’;
          (2) in paragraph (1)(A), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘If the declaration states that the individual is not a citizen or national of the United States and that the individual is younger than 62 years of age, the declaration shall be verified by the Immigration and Naturalization Service. If the declara­tion states that the individual is a citizen or national of the United States, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop­ment, or the agency administering assistance covered by this section, may request verification of the declaration by requiring presentation of documentation that the Secretary considers appropriate, including a United States passport, resident alien card, alien registration card, social security card, or other docu­mentation.’’; 
          (3) in paragraph (2)—
                    (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by strik­ing ‘‘on the date of the enactment of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987’’ and inserting ‘‘on the date of enactment of the Use of Assisted Housing