PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–574

(1) between the sentences for peonage, involuntary serv- itude, and slave trade offenses, and the sentences for kidnap- ping offenses in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; and
(2) between the sentences for peonage, involuntary serv- itude, and slave trade offenses, and the sentences for alien smuggling offenses in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and after the amendment made by subsection (a).
(c) AMENDMENT OF SENTENCING GUIDELINES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Pursuant to its authority under section 994(p) of title 28, United States Code, the United States Sentencing Commission shall review its guidelines on sentenc- ing for peonage, involuntary servitude, and slave trade offenses under sections 1581 through 1588 of title 18, United States Code, and shall amend such guidelines as necessary to—
(A) reduce or eliminate any unwarranted disparity found under subsection (b) that exists between the sen- tences for peonage, involuntary servitude, and slave trade offenses, and the sentences for kidnapping offenses and alien smuggling offenses;
(B) ensure that the applicable guidelines for defendants convicted of peonage, involuntary servitude, and slave trade offenses are sufficiently stringent to deter such offenses and adequately reflect the heinous nature of such offenses; and
(C) ensure that the guidelines reflect the general appro- priateness of enhanced sentences for defendants whose peonage, involuntary servitude, or slave trade offenses involve—
(i) a large number of victims;
(ii) the use or threatened use of a dangerous weapon; or
(iii) a prolonged period of peonage or involuntary servitude.
(2) EMERGENCY AUTHORITY TO SENTENCING COMMISSION.— The Commission shall promulgate the guidelines or amend- ments provided for under this subsection as soon as practicable in accordance with the procedure set forth in section 21(a) of the Sentencing Act of 1987, as though the authority under that Act had not expired.
(d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to offenses occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 219. ADMISSIBILITY OF VIDEOTAPED WITNESS TESTIMONY.
Section 274 (8 U.S.C. 1324) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
‘‘(d) Notwithstanding any provision of the Federal Rules of Evidence, the videotaped (or otherwise audiovisually preserved) deposition of a witness to a violation of subsection (a) who has been deported or otherwise expelled from the United States, or is otherwise unable to testify, may be admitted into evidence in an action brought for that violation if the witness was available for cross examination and the deposition otherwise complies with the Federal Rules of Evidence.’’.