PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996                    110 STAT. 3009-148

                            SPECIAL NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 

    SEC. 520. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall 
be obligated or expended for Colombia, Guatemala (except that 
this provision shall not apply to development assistance for Guate- 
mala), Dominican Republic, Haiti, Liberia, Pakistan, Peru, Serbia, 
Sudan, or Zaire except as provided through the regular notification 
procedures of the Committees on Appropriations.

        DEFINITION OF PROGRAM, PROJECT, AND ACTIVITY 

    SEC. 521. For the purpose of this Act, ‘‘program, project, and 
activity’’ shall be defined at the Appropriations Act account level 
and shall include all Appropriations and Authorizations Acts ear- 
marks, ceilings, and limitations with the exception that for the 
following accounts: Economic Support Fund and Foreign Military 
Financing Program, ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall also be 
considered to include country, regional, and central program level 
funding within each such account; for the development assistance 
accounts of the Agency for International Development ‘‘program, 
project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include central 
program level funding, either as (1) justified to the Congress, or 
(2) allocated by the executive branch in accordance with a report, 
to be provided to the Committees on Appropriations within thirty 
days of enactment of this Act, as required by section 653(a) of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961.

                  CHILD SURVIVAL AND AIDS ACTIVITIES 

    SEC. 522. Up to $8,000,000 of the funds made available by 
this Act for assistance for family planning, health, child survival, 
and AIDS, may be used to reimburse United States Government 
agencies, agencies of State governments, institutions of higher 
learning, and private and voluntary organizations for the full cost 
of individuals (including for the personal services of such individ- 
uals) detailed or assigned to, or contracted by, as the case may 
be, the Agency for International Development for the purpose of 
carrying out family planning activities, child survival activities 
and activities relating to research on, and the treatment and control 
of acquired immune deficiency syndrome in developing countries: 
Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act that are made avail- 
able for child survival activities or activities relating to research 
on, and the treatment and control of, acquired immune deficiency 
syndrome may be made available notwithstanding any provision 
of law that restricts assistance to foreign countries: Provided, fur- 
ther, That funds appropriated by this Act that are made available 
for family planning activities may be made available notwithstand- 
ing section 512 of this Act and section 620(q) of the Foreign Assist- 
ance Act of 1961.

  PROHIBITION AGAINST INDIRECT FUNDING TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES 

    SEC. 523. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made 
available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated to finance indirectly 
any assistance or reparations to Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Iran, Syria, 
North Korea, or the People’s Republic of China, unless the President 
of the United States certifies that the withholding of these funds 
is contrary to the national interest of the United States.