110 STAT. 3009–633 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

training an appropriate number of foreign law enforcement person- nel, and shall make appointments of foreign law enforcement personnel to such academies, as necessary to further the following United States law enforcement goals:

(A) Preventing of drug smuggling and other cross-border criminal activity.
(B) Preventing illegal immigration.
(C) Preventing the illegal entry of goods into the United States (including goods the sale of which is illegal in the United States, the entry of which would cause a quota to be exceeded, or the appropriate duty or tariff for which has not been paid).
(2) The appointments described in paragraph (1) shall be made only to the extent there is capacity in such academies beyond what is required to train United States citizens needed in the Border Patrol and Customs Service, and only of personnel from a country with which the prisoner transfer treaty has been stated to be effective in the most recent report referred to in subsection (d).
(3) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section.

SEC. 331. PRISONER TRANSFER TREATIES STUDY.
(a) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Attorney General shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate a report that describes the use and effectiveness of the prisoner transfer treaties with the three countries with the greatest number of their nationals incarcerated in the United States in removing from the United States such incarcerated nationals.
(b) USE OF TREATY.—The report under subsection (a) shall include—
(1) the number of aliens convicted of a criminal offense in the United States since November 30, 1977, who would have been or are eligible for transfer pursuant to the treaties;
(2) the number of aliens described in paragraph (1) who have been transferred pursuant to the treaties;
(3) the number of aliens described in paragraph (2) who have been incarcerated in full compliance with the treaties;
(4) the number of aliens who are incarcerated in a penal institution in the United States who are eligible for transfer pursuant to the treaties; and
(5) the number of aliens described in paragraph (4) who are incarcerated in Federal, State, and local penal institutions in the United States.
(c) RECOMMENDATIONS.—The report under subsection (a) shall include the recommendations of the Secretary of State and the Attorney General to increase the effectiveness and use of, and full compliance with, the treaties. In considering the recommendations under this subsection, the Secretary and the Attorney General shall consult with such State and local officials in areas disproportionately impacted by aliens convicted of criminal offenses as the Secretary and the Attorney General consider appropriate. Such recommendations shall address—