110 STAT. 3009–653        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

The limitation under paragraph (2) ends when the application for relief is denied and all opportunities for appeal of the denial have been exhausted.

(b) EXCEPTIONS.—
(1) The Attorney General may provide, in the Attorney General’s discretion, for the disclosure of information in the same manner and circumstances as census information may be disclosed by the Secretary of Commerce under section 8 of title 13, United States Code.
(2) The Attorney General may provide in the discretion of the Attorney General for the disclosure of information to law enforcement officials to be used solely for a legitimate law enforcement purpose.
(3) Subsection (a) shall not be construed as preventing disclosure of information in connection with judicial review of a determination in a manner that protects the confidentiality of such information.
(4) Subsection (a)(2) shall not apply if all the battered individuals in the case are adults and they have all waived the restrictions of such subsection.

(c) PENALTIES FOR VIOLATIONS.—Anyone who willfully uses, publishes, or permits information to be disclosed in violation of this section shall be subject to appropriate disciplinary action and subject to a civil money penalty of not more than $5,000 for each violation.

(d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The last sentence of section 210(b)(6) and the second sentence of section 245A(c)(5) (8 U.S.C. 1255a(c)(5)) are each amended to read as follows: “Anyone who uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this paragraph shall be subject to appropriate disciplinary action and subject to a civil money penalty of not more than $5,000 for each violation.”.
(2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to offenses occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 385. AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS FOR REMOVAL OF ALIENS.
In addition to the amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 1996, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $150,000,000 for costs associated with the removal of inadmissible or deportable aliens, including costs of detention of such aliens pending their removal, the hiring of more investigators, and the hiring of more detention and deportation officers.

SEC. 386. INCREASE IN INS DETENTION FACILITIES; REPORT ON DETENTION SPACE.
(a) INCREASE IN DETENTION FACILITIES.—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Attorney General shall provide for an increase in the detention facilities of the Immigration and Naturalization Service to at least 9,000 beds before the end of fiscal year 1997.

(b) REPORT ON DETENTION SPACE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter,