110 STAT. 3009-601 PUBLIC LAW 104-208-SEPT. 30, 1996

only if the alien is a native, citizen, subject, or national of, or has resided in, that designated territory or island.
"(C) DISREGARDING DESIGNATION.-The Attorney General may disregard a designation under subparagraph (A)(i) if-
"(i) the alien fails to designate a country promptly;
"(ii) the government of the country does not inform  the Attorney General finally, within 30 days after the date the Attorney General first inquires, whether the government will accept the alien into the country;
"(iii) the government of the country is not willing to accept the alien into the country; or
"(iv) the Attorney General decides that removing the alien to the country is prejudicial to the United States.
"(D) ALTERNATIVE COUNTRY.-If an alien is not removed to a country designated under subparagraph (A)(i), the Attorney General shall remove the alien to a country of which the alien is a subject, national, or citizen unless the government of the country-
"(i) does not inform the Attorney General or the alien finally, within 30 days after the date the Attorney General first inquires or within another period of time the Attorney General decides is reasonable, whether the government will accept the alien into the country; or
"(ii) is not willing to accept the alien into the country.
"(E) ADDITIONAL REMOVAL COUNTRIES.-If an alien is not removed to a country under the previous subparagraphs of this paragraph, the Attorney General shall remove the alien to any of the following countries:
"(i) The country from which the alien was admitted to the United States.
"(ii) The country in which is located the foreign port from which the alien left for the United States or for a foreign territory contiguous to the United States. 
"(iii) A country in which the alien resided before the alien entered the country from which alien entered the United States.
"(iv) The country in which the alien was born.
"(v) The country that had sovereignty over the alien's birthplace when the alien was born.
"(vi) The country in which the alien's birthplace is located when the alien is ordered removed.
"(vii) If impracticable, inadvisable, or impossible to remove the alien to each country described in a previous clause of this subparagraph, another country whose government will accept the alien into that country.
"(F) REMOVAL COUNTRY WHEN UNITED STATES IS AT WAR.-When the United States is at war and the Attorney General decides that it is impracticable, inadvisable, inconvenient, or impossible to remove an alien under this subsection because of the war, the Attorney General may remove the alien-