110 STAT. 3009-555    PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(3) SAFETY FEATURES.—The Attorney General, while constructing the additional fencing under this subsection, shall incorporate such safety features into the design of the fence system as are necessary to ensure the well-being of border patrol agents deployed within or in near proximity to the system.
(4) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection not to exceed $12,000,000. Amounts appropriated under this paragraph are authorized to remain available until expended.
(c) WAIVER.—The provisions of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 are waived to the extent the Attorney General determines necessary to ensure expeditious construction of the barriers and roads under this section.
(d) LAND ACQUISITION AUTHORITY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 103 (8 U.S.C. 1103) is amended—
(A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respectively; and
(B) by inserting after subsection (a) the following:
"(b)(1) The Attorney General may contract for or buy any interest in land, including temporary use rights, adjacent to or in the vicinity of an international land border when the Attorney General deems the land essential to control and guard the boundaries and borders of the United States against any violation of this Act.
"(2) The Attorney General may contract for or buy any interest in land identified pursuant to paragraph (1) as soon as the lawful owner of that interest fixes a price for it and the Attorney General considers that price to be reasonable.
"(3) When the Attorney General and the lawful owner of an interest identified pursuant to paragraph (1) are unable to agree upon a reasonable price, the Attorney General may commence condemnation proceedings pursuant to the Act of August 1, 1888 (Chapter 728; 25 Stat. 357).
"(4) The Attorney General may accept for the United States a gift of any interest in land identified pursuant to paragraph (1).".
(2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 103(e) (as so redesignated by paragraph (1)(A)) is amended by striking "subsection (c)" and inserting "subsection (d)".
8 USC 1103 note. SEC. 103. IMPROVED BORDER EQUIPMENT AND TECHNOLOGY.
The Attorney General is authorized to acquire and use, for the purpose of detection, interdiction, and reduction of illegal immigration into the United States, any Federal equipment (including fixed wing aircraft, helicopters, four-wheel drive vehicles, sedans, night vision goggles, night vision scopes, and sensor units) determined available for transfer by any other agency of the Federal Government upon request of the Attorney General.
SEC. 104. IMPROVEMENT IN BORDER CROSSING IDENTIFICATION CARD.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 101(a)(6) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(6)) is amended by adding at the end the following: "Such regulations shall provide that (A) each such document include a biometric identifier (such as the fingerprint or handprint of the alien) that is machine readable and (B) an alien presenting a border crossing