110 STAT. 3009–23 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

of the fund and bearing interest at rates determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, taking into consideration the current average market yield on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States or comparable maturities.
“(4) Evidences of any intangible personal property (other than money) accepted hereunder shall be deposited with the Secretary of the Treasury, who may hold or liquidate them, except that they shall be liquidated upon the request of the Attorney General.
“(5) For purposes of federal income, estate, and gift taxes, property accepted hereunder shall be considered a gift, devise, or bequest to, or for the use of, the United States.”.
SEC. 117. Section 524(c)(9), of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
“(9)(A) Following the completion of procedures for the forfeiture of property pursuant to any law enforced or administered by the Department, the Attorney General is authorized, in her discretion, to warrant clear title to any subsequent purchaser or transferee of such property.
“(B) For fiscal year 1997, the Attorney General is authorized to transfer, under such terms and conditions as the Attorney General shall specify, real or personal property of limited or marginal value, to a State or local government agency, or its designated contractor or transferee, for use to support drug abuse treatment, drug and crime prevention and education, housing, job skills, and other community-based public health and safety programs. The Attorney General shall ensure that any such transfer shall not interfere with the rights of any nonconsenting, innocent owner or confer any private right of action in any person against the United States.”.
SEC. 118. Section 594(b)(3)(A) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence by—
(a) striking “by 6 months” and inserting “for successive 6-month periods”; and
(b) striking the phrase “employee assigned duties under subsection (1)(1)(A)(ii) certifies” and inserting “independent counsel and the division of the court certify”;
(c) striking “such employee” and inserting “the independent counsel” and “the division of the court”.
SEC. 119. This section may be cited as the “Age Discrimination in Employment Amendments of 1996”.

Subsection 1. Age Discrimination Amendment.
(a) Repeal Of Repealer.—Section 3(b) of the Age Discrimination in Employment Amendments of 1986 (29 U.S.C. 623 note) is repealed.
(b) Exemption.—Section 4(f) of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. 623(f)), as in effect immediately before December 31, 1993—
(1) is reenacted as such section; and
(2) as so reenacted, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking “and the individual has attained the age” and all that follows through “1983,” and inserting the following: “the employer has complied with section 3(d)(2) of the Age Discrimination in Employment Amendments of 1996 if the individual was discharged after the date described in such section, and the individual has attained—