110 STAT. 3009–287 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(1) APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS.—This subsection applies beginning 18 months and one day after the date of enactment of this subsection if no reorganization of the Association occurs in accordance with the provisions of section 440.
“(2) SUNSET PLAN.—
“(A) PLAN SUBMISSION BY THE ASSOCIATION.—Not later than July 1, 2007, the Association shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources of the Senate and the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on Economic and Educational Opportunities of the House of Representatives, a detailed plan for the orderly winding up, by July 1, 2013, of business activities conducted pursuant to the charter set forth in this section. Such plan shall—
“(i) ensure that the Association will have adequate assets to transfer to a trust, as provided in this subsection, to ensure full payment of remaining obligations of the Association in accordance with the terms of such obligations;
“(ii) provide that all assets not used to pay liabilities shall be distributed to shareholders as provided in this subsection; and
“(iii) provide that the operations of the Association shall remain separate and distinct from that of any entity to which the assets of the Association are transferred.
“(B) AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN BY THE ASSOCIATION.— The Association shall from time to time amend such plan to reflect changed circumstances, and submit such amendments to the Secretary of the Treasury and the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources of the Senate and Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Economic and Educational Opportunities of the House of Representatives. In no case may any amendment extend the date for full implementation of the plan beyond the dissolution date provided in paragraph (3).
“(C) PLAN MONITORING.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall monitor the Association’s compliance with the plan and shall continue to review the plan (including any amendments thereto).
“(D) AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN BY THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.—The Secretary of the Treasury may require the Association to amend the plan (including any amendments to the plan), if the Secretary of the Treasury deems such amendments necessary to ensure full payment of all obligations of the Association.
“(E) IMPLEMENTATION BY THE ASSOCIATION.—The Association shall promptly implement the plan (including any amendments to the plan, whether such amendments are made by the Association or are required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury).
“(3) DISSOLUTION OF THE ASSOCIATION.—The Association shall dissolve and the Association’s separate existence shall terminate on July 1, 2013, after discharge of all outstanding debt obligations and liquidation pursuant to this subsection.