PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996  110 STAT. 3009–652

SEC. 383. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN ALIENS FROM FAMILY UNITY PROGRAM.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 301(e) of the Immigration Act of 1990 (8 U.S.C. 1255a note) is amended—
(1) by striking “or” at the end of paragraph (1),
(2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting “; or”, and
(3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
“(3) has committed an act of juvenile delinquency which if committed by an adult would be classified as—
“(A) a felony crime of violence that has an element the use or attempted use of physical force against another individual, or
“(B) a felony offense that by its nature involves a substantial risk that physical force against another individual may be used in the course of committing the offense.”.
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to benefits granted or extended after the date of the enactment of this Act.
SEC. 384. PENALTIES FOR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsection (b), in no case may the Attorney General, or any other official or employee of the Department of Justice (including any bureau or agency of such Department)—
(1) make an adverse determination of admissibility or deportability of an alien under the Immigration and Nationality Act using information furnished solely by—
(A) a spouse or parent who has battered the alien or subjected the alien to extreme cruelty,
(B) a member of the spouse’s or parent’s family residing in the same household as the alien who has battered the alien or subjected the alien to extreme cruelty when the spouse or parent consented to or acquiesced in such battery or cruelty,
(C) a spouse or parent who has battered the alien’s child or subjected the alien’s child to extreme cruelty (without the active participation of the alien in the battery or extreme cruelty), or
(D) a member of the spouse’s or parent’s family residing in the same household as the alien who has battered the alien’s child or subjected the alien’s child to extreme cruelty when the spouse or parent consented to or acquiesced in such battery or cruelty and the alien did not actively participate in such battery or cruelty,
unless the alien has been convicted of a crime or crimes listed in section 241(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act; or
(2) permit use by or disclosure to anyone (other than a sworn officer or employee of the Department, or bureau or agency thereof, for legitimate Department, bureau, or agency purposes) of any information which relates to an alien who is the beneficiary of an application for relief under clause (iii) or (iv) of section 204(a)(1)(A), clause (ii) or (iii) of section 204(a)(1)(B), section 216(c)(4)(C), or section 244(a)(3) of such Act as an alien (or the parent of a child) who has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty.