PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996      110 STAT. 3009-204

(1) the State of New Mexico Office of the Bureau of Land
     Management, Santa Fe, New Mexico; and
(2) the Las Cruces District Office of the Bureau of Land
     Management, Las Cruces, New Mexico.
SEC. 123. The second proviso under the heading "Bureau of
Mines, Administrative Provisions" of Public Law 104-134 is amend-
ed by inserting after the word "authorized" the word "hereafter".
SEC. 124. Watershed Restoration and Enhancement Agree- 16 USC 1011.
ments.
     (a) IN GENERAL.—For fiscal year 1997 and each fiscal year
thereafter, appropriations made for the Bureau of Land Manage-
ment may be used by the Secretary of the Interior for the purpose
of entering into cooperative agreements with willing private land-
owners for restoration and enhancement of fish, wildlife, and other
biotic resources on public or private land or both that benefit
these resources on public lands within the watershed.
     (b) DIRECT AND INDIRECT WATERSHED AGREEMENTS.—The Sec-
retary of the Interior may enter into a watershed restoration and
enhancement agreement—
          (1) directly with a willing private landowner; or
          (2) indirectly through an agreement with a state, local,
tribal government or other public entity, educational institu-
tion, or private nonprofit organization.
     (c) TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—In order for the Secretary to enter 
into a watershed restoration and enhancement agreement—
          (1) the agreement shall—
               (A) include such terms and conditions mutually agreed
by the Secretary and the landowner;
               (B) improve the viability of and otherwise benefit the
fish, wildlife, and other biotic resources on public land
in the watershed;
               (C) authorize the provision of technical assistance by
the Secretary in the planning of management activities
that will further the purposes of the agreement;
               (D) provide for the sharing of costs of implementing
the agreement among the Federal government, the land-
owner, and other entities, as mutually agreed on by the
affected interests; and
               (E) ensure that any expenditure by the Secretary
pursuant to the agreement is determined by the Secre-
tary to be in the public interest; and
          (2) the Secretary may require such other terms and condi-
tions as are necessary to protect the public investment on
private lands, provided such terms and conditions are mutually
agreed to by the Secretary and the landowner.
SEC. 125. Visitor Center Designation at Channel Islands National 16 USC 410ff
National Park.                                            note.
     (a) The visitor center at Channel Islands National Park, Califor-
nia, is hereby designated as the "Robert J. Lagomarsino Visitor
Center".
     (b) Any reference in law, regulation, paper, record, map, or
any other document in the United States to the visitor center
referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference
to the "Robert J. Lagomarsino Visitor Center".