PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–102

demilitarization technology identified and demonstrated under the pilot program to demilitarize munitions and assembled chemical munitions while meeting all applicable Federal and State environmental and safety requirements: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology shall transmit, by December 15 of each year, a report to the congressional defense committees on the activities carried out under the pilot program during the preceding fiscal year in which the report is to be made: Provided further, That section 142(f)(3) of H.R. 3230, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997, as passed by the Senate on September 10, 1996, is repealed: Provided further, That no funds may be obligated for the construction of a baseline incineration facility at the Lexington Blue Grass Army Depot or the Pueblo Depot activity until 180 days after the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the effectiveness of each alternative chemical munitions demilitarization technology identified and demonstrated under the pilot program and its ability to meet the applicable safety and environmental requirements: Provided further, That none of the funds in this or any other Act may be obligated for the preparation of studies, assessments, or planning of the removal and transportation of stockpile assembled unitary chemical weapons or neutralized chemical agent to any of the eight chemical weapons storage sites within the continental United States.

50 USC 1521 note. SEC. 8066. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated for design, development, acquisition, or operation of more than 47 Titan IV expendable launch vehicles, or for satellite mission-model planning for a Titan IV requirement beyond 47 vehicles.

(b) $59,600,000 made available in this Act for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force, may only be obligated for development of a new family of medium-lift and heavy-lift expendable launch vehicles evolved from existing technologies.

SEC. 8067. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to establish additional field operating agencies of any element of the Department during fiscal year 1997, except for field operating agencies funded within the National Foreign Intelligence Program: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this section by certifying to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that the creation of such field operating agencies will reduce either the personnel and/or financial requirements of the Department of Defense.

SEC. 8068. Notwithstanding section 303 of Public Law 96–487 or any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to lease real and personal property at Naval Air Facility, Adak, Alaska, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2667(f), for commercial, industrial or other purposes.

SEC. 8069. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for resident classes entering the war colleges after September 30, 1997, the Department of Defense shall require that not less than 20 percent of the total of United States military students at each war college shall be from military departments other than the hosting military department: Provided, That each military department will recognize the attendance at a sister military department war college as the equivalent of attendance at its own war college for promotion and advancement of personnel.

10 USC note prec. 2161.