110 STAT. 3009–631  PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(B) While H.R. 2880, the continuing appropriation measure funding certain operations of the Federal Government from January 26, 1996 to March 15, 1996, included $66,000,000 to reimburse States for the cost of incarcerating documented illegal immigrant felons, the Department of Justice failed to disburse any of the funds to the States during the period of the continuing appropriation.
(2) SENSE OF THE CONGRESS.—It is the sense of the Congress that—
(A) the Department of Justice was disturbingly slow in disbursing fiscal year 1995 funds under the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program to States after the initial grants were released just prior to the 1994 election; and
(B) the Attorney General should make it a high priority to expedite the disbursement of Federal funds intended to reimburse States for the cost of incarcerating illegal immigrants, aiming for all State Criminal Alien Assistance Program funds to be disbursed during the fiscal year for which they are appropriated.

SEC. 329. DEMONSTRATION PROJECT FOR IDENTIFICATION OF ILLEGAL ALIENS IN INCARCERATION FACILITY OF ANAHEIM, CALIFORNIA.

(a) AUTHORITY.—The Attorney General shall conduct a project demonstrating the feasibility of identifying, from among the individuals who are incarcerated in local governmental prison facilities prior to arraignment on criminal charges, those individuals who are aliens unlawfully present in the United States.
(b) DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT.—The project authorized by subsection (a) shall include—
(1) the detail to incarceration facilities within the city of Anaheim, California and the county of Ventura, California, of an employee of the Immigration and Naturalization Service who has expertise in the identification of aliens unlawfully in the United States, and
(2) provision of funds sufficient to provide for—
(A) access for such employee to records of the Service necessary to identify such aliens, and
(B) in the case of an individual identified as such an alien, pre-arraignment reporting to the court regarding the Service’s intention to remove the alien from the United States.
(c) TERMINATION.—The authority under this section shall cease to be effective 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 330. PRISONER TRANSFER TREATIES.

(a) NEGOTIATIONS WITH OTHER COUNTRIES.—(1) Congress advises the President to begin to negotiate and renegotiate, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, bilateral prisoner transfer treaties, providing for the incarceration, in the country of the alien’s nationality, of any alien who—
(A) is a national of a country that is party to such a treaty; and
(B) has been convicted of a criminal offense under Federal or State law and who—
(i) is not in lawful immigration status in the United States, or