110 STAT. 3009–709 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

under the first amendment to the Constitution or under any other law; and
(6) Congress has the affirmative power under section 8 of article I, the necessary and proper clause, section 5 of the fourteenth Amendment, as well as under the treaty clause, to the Constitution to enact such legislation. 
(b) CRIME.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 7 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
“§ 116. Female genital mutilation
“(a) Except as provided in subsection (b), whoever knowingly circumcises, excises, or infibulates the whole or any part of the labia majora or labia minora or clitoris of another person who has not attained the age of 18 years shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.
“(b) A surgical operation is not a violation of this section if the operation is—
“(1) necessary to the health of the person on whom it is performed, and is performed by a person licensed in the place of its performance as a medical practitioner; or
“(2) performed on a person in labor or who has just given birth and is performed for medical purposes connected with that labor or birth by a person licensed in the place it is performed as a medical practitioner, midwife, or person in training to become such a practitioner or midwife.
“(c) In applying subsection (b)(1), no account shall be taken of the effect on the person on whom the operation is to be performed of any belief on the part of that person, or any other person, that the operation is required as a matter of custom or ritual.”.
(2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item:

“116. Female genital mutilation.”.

(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.

SEC. 646. ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR CERTAIN POLISH AND HUNGARIAN PAROLEES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General shall adjust the status of an alien described in subsection (b) to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien—
(1) applies for such adjustment;
(2) has been physically present in the United States for at least 1 year and is physically present in the United States on the date the application for such adjustment is filed;
(3) is admissible to the United States as an immigrant, except as provided in subsection (c); and
(4) pays a fee (determined by the Attorney General) for the processing of such application.
(b) ALIENS ELIGIBLE FOR ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS.—The benefits provided in subsection (a) shall only apply to an alien who—
(1) was a national of Poland or Hungary; and