110 STAT. 3009–535 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

Service, Farm Services Agency, the National Marine Fisheries
Service, and the Bonneville Power Administration.
(4) CONSENSUS.—The term “consensus” means a unanimous
agreement by the Working Group members present and con-
stituting at least a quorum at a regularly scheduled business 
meeting.
(5) QUORUM.—The term “quorum” means one more than 
half of those qualified Working Group members appointed and 
eligible to serve.
(b) IN GENERAL.—
(1) The Working Group will propose ecological restoration 
projects on both Federal and non-Federal lands and waters 
to be undertaken in the Deschutes River Basin based on a 
consensus of the Working Group, provided that such projects,
when involving Federal land or funds, shall be proposed to 
the Bureau of Reclamation in the Department of the Interior 
and any other Federal agency with affected land or funds.
(2) The Working Group will accept donations, grants or 
other funds and place such funds received into a trust fund,
to be expended on ecological restoration projects which, when 
involving Federal land or funds, are approved by the affected 
Federal agency.
(3) The Bureau of Reclamation shall pay from funds author-
ized under subsection (h) of this title up to 50 percent of 
the cost of performing any project proposed by the Working 
Group and approved by the Secretary, up to a total amount 
of $1,000,000 during each of the fiscal years 1997 through 
2001.
(4) Non-Federal contributions to project costs for purposes 
of computing the Federal matching share under paragraph 
(3) of this subsection may include in-kind contributions.
(5) Funds authorized in subsection (h) of this title shall 
be maintained in and distributed by the Bureau of Reclamation 
in the Department of the Interior. The Bureau of Reclamation
shall not expend more than 5 percent of amounts appropriated
pursuant to subsection (h) for Federal administration of such
appropriations pursuant to this title.
(6) The Bureau of Reclamation is authorized to provide
by grant to the Working Group not more than 5 percent of 
funds appropriated pursuant to subsection (h) of this title for
not more than 50 percent of administrative costs relating to 
the implementation of this title.
(7) The Federal agencies with authority and responsibility 
in the Deschutes River Basin shall provide technical assistance 
to the Working Group and shall designate representatives to 
serve as members of the Working Group.
(8) All funding recommendations developed by the Working 
Group shall be based on a consensus of the Working Group 
members.
(c) PUBLIC NOTICE AND PARTICIPATION.—The Working Group 
shall conduct all meetings subject to applicable open meeting and 
public participation laws. The chartering requirements of 5 U.S.C.
App 2 ss 1–15 are hereby deemed to have been met by this section.
(d) PRIORITIES.—The Working Group shall give priority to vol-
untary market-based economic incentives for ecosystem restoration 
including, but not limited to, water leases and purchases; land 
leases and purchases; tradable discharge permits; and acquisition