PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–454

‘‘(C) gives greater protection to consumers than is pro-
vided under this title.’’.

SEC. 2420. EFFECTIVE DATE.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise specifically provided in
this chapter, the amendments made by this chapter shall become
effective 365 days after the date of enactment of this Act.
(b) EARLY COMPLIANCE.—Any person or other entity that is
subject to the requirements of this chapter may, at its option,
comply with any provision of this chapter before the date on which
that provision becomes effective under this chapter, in which case,
each of the corresponding provisions of this chapter shall be fully
applicable to such person or entity.

SEC. 2421. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW.

Nothing in this chapter or the amendments made by this chap-
ter shall be considered to supersede or otherwise affect section
2721 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to motor vehicle
records for surveys, marketing, or solicitations.

SEC. 2422. FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD STUDY.

(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, in consultation with the other Federal banking
agencies (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act) and the Federal Trade Commission, shall conduct a study
of whether organizations which, as of the date of the enactment
of this Act, are not subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act as
consumer reporting agencies (as defined in section 603 of such
Act) are engaged in the business of making sensitive consumer
identification information, including social security numbers, moth-
ers' maiden names, prior addresses, and dates of birth, available
to the general public.
(b) DETERMINATION OF POTENTIAL FOR FRAUD.—If the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System determines that
organizations referred to in subsection (a) are engaged in the busi-
ness of making sensitive consumer identification information avail-
able to the general public, the Board shall determine—
(1) whether such activities create undue potential for fraud
and risk of loss to insured depository institutions (as defined
in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act); and
(2) if so, whether changes in Federal law are necessary
to address such risks of fraud and loss.
(c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Before the end of the 6-month period
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall submit a report
to the Congress containing—
(1) the findings and conclusion of the Board in connection
with the study required under subsections (a) and (b); and
(2) recommendations for such legislative or administrative
action as the Board determines to be appropriate.

CHAPTER 2—CREDIT REPAIR ORGANIZATIONS

SEC. 2451. REGULATION OF CREDIT REPAIR ORGANIZATIONS.

Title IV of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (Public Law
90–321, 82 Stat. 164) is amended to read as follows: