PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-158

EARMARKS

SEC. 544A. (a) Funds appropriated by this Act which are ear- marked may be reprogrammed for other programs within the same account notwithstanding the earmark if compliance with the ear- mark is made impossible by operation of any provision of this or any other Act or, with respect to a country with which the United States has an agreement providing the United States with base rights or base access in that country, if the President deter- mines that the recipient for which funds are earmarked has signifi- cantly reduced its military or economic cooperation with the United States since enactment of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1991; however, before exercising the authority of this subsection with regard to a base rights or base access country which has significantly reduced its military or economic cooperation with the United States, the Presi- dent shall consult with, and shall provide a written policy justifica- tion to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That any such reprogramming shall be subject to the regular notification proce- dures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That assistance that is reprogrammed pursuant to this subsection shall be made available under the same terms and conditions as originally provided.
(b) In addition to the authority contained in subsection (a), funds appropriated by this Act which are made available for the same general purposes as the earmarked funds originally provided under this title are hereby authorized to be made available for the same purposes as the originally appropriated funds: Provided, That any notification required by this Act or any other Act shall be delayed for purposes of this reappropriation if specifically pro- vided: Provided further, That no funds shall be made available under this authority for any activity or program which has not been previously justified to the Congress or for which funds have pre- viously been denied: Provided further, That the requirement to provide the same terms and conditions as originally required by the recipients pursuant to subsection (a) shall not apply if the funds earmarked for such recipients are unavailable: Provided further, That any such reappropriation shall be subject to the regular noti- fication procedures of the Committees on Appropriations.

CEILINGS AND EARMARKS

SEC. 545. Ceilings and earmarks contained in this Act shall not be applicable to funds or authorities appropriated or otherwise made available by any subsequent Act unless such Act specifically so directs.

PROHIBITION ON PUBLICITY OR PROPAGANDA

SEC. 546. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not authorized before the date of enactment of this Act by the Congress: Provided, That not to exceed $750,000 may be made available to carry out the provisions of section 316 of Public Law 96-533.

USE OF AMERICAN RESOURCES

SEC. 547. To the maximum extent possible, assistance provided under this Act should make full use of American resources, includ- ing commodities, products, and services.