PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996      110 STAT. 3009–682

    ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a) or any other provision of
law, if a forged, counterfeit, mutilated, or altered seal of a depart­
ment or agency of the United States, or any facsimile thereof,
is—
    ‘‘(1) so forged, counterfeited, mutilated, or altered;
    ‘‘(2) used, affixed, or impressed to or upon any certificate,
   instrument, commission, document, or paper of any description;
   or
    ‘‘(3) with fraudulent intent, possessed, sold, offered for sale,
   furnished, offered to furnish, given away, offered to give away,
   transported, offered to transport, imported, or offered to import,
   with the intent or effect of facilitating an alien’s application for,
   or receipt of, a Federal benefit to which the alien is not entitled,
the penalties which may be imposed for each offense under sub­
section (a) shall be two times the maximum fine, and 3 times
the maximum term of imprisonment, or both, that would otherwise
be imposed for an offense under subsection (a).
    ‘‘(c) For purposes of this section—
    ‘‘(1) the term ‘Federal benefit’ means—
    ‘‘(A) the issuance of any grant, contract, loan, profes­
   sional license, or commercial license provided by any agency
   of the United States or by appropriated funds of the United
   States; and
    ‘‘(B) any retirement, welfare, Social Security, health
   (including treatment of an emergency medical condition
   in accordance with section 1903(v) of the Social Security
   Act (19 U.S.C. 1396b(v))), disability, veterans, public hous­
   ing, education, food stamps, or unemployment benefit, or
   any similar benefit for which payments or assistance are
   provided by an agency of the United States or by appro­
   priated funds of the United States; and
    ‘‘(2) each instance of forgery, counterfeiting, mutilation,
   or alteration shall constitute a separate offense under this
   section.’’.

    SEC. 562. TREATMENT OF EXPENSES SUBJECT TO EMERGENCY MEDI-
CAL SERVICES EXCEPTION.                                              8 USC 1369.
    (a) IN G EN ER A L .—Subject to such amounts as are provided
in advance in appropriation Acts, each State or political subdivision
of a State that provides medical assistance for care and treatment
of an emergency medical condition (as defined in subsection (d))
through a public hospital or other public facility (including a non­
profit hospital that is eligible for an additional payment adjustment
under section 1886 of the Social Security Act) or through contract
with another hospital or facility to an individual who is an alien
not lawfully present in the United States is eligible for payment
from the Federal Government of its costs of providing such services,
but only to the extent that such costs are not otherwise reimbursed
through any other Federal program and cannot be recovered from
the alien or another person.
    (b) CONFIRMATION OF IMMIGRATION STATUS REQUIRED.—No pay­
ment shall be made under this section with respect to services
furnished to an individual unless the immigration status of the
individual has been verified through appropriate procedures estab­
lished by the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the
Attorney General.