110 STAT. 3009–559 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(C) The number of aliens who arrived as nonimmigrants, or as a visitor under the visa waiver program under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, for whom no matching departure record has been obtained through the system or through other means as of the end of the alien’s authorized period of stay, with an accounting by the alien’s country of nationality and date of arrival in the United States.

(c) USE OF INFORMATION ON OVERSTAYS.—Information regarding aliens who have remained in the United States beyond their authorized period of stay identified through the system shall be integrated into appropriate data bases of the Immigration and Naturalization Service and the Department of State, including those used at ports of entry and at consular offices.

SEC. 111. SUBMISSION OF FINAL PLAN ON REALIGNMENT OF BORDER PATROL POSITIONS FROM INTERIOR STATIONS.

Not later than November 30, 1996, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate a final plan regarding the redeployment of border patrol personnel from interior locations to the front lines of the border. The final plan shall be consistent with the following:

(1) The preliminary plan regarding such redeployment submitted by the Attorney General on May 17, 1996, to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate.

(2) The direction regarding such redeployment provided in the joint explanatory statement of the committee of conference in the conference report to accompany the Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–134).

SEC. 112. NATIONWIDE FINGERPRINTING OF APPREHENDED ALIENS.

There are authorized to be appropriated such additional sums as may be necessary to ensure that the ‘‘IDENT’’ program (operated by the Immigration and Naturalization Service) is expanded to apply to illegal or criminal aliens apprehended nationwide.

Subtitle B—Facilitation of Legal Entry

SEC. 121. LAND BORDER INSPECTORS.

In order to eliminate undue delay in the thorough inspection of persons and vehicles lawfully attempting to enter the United States, the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Treasury shall each increase, by approximately equal numbers in each of fiscal years 1997 and 1998, the number of full-time land border inspectors assigned to active duty by the Immigration and Naturalization Service and the United States Customs Service to a level adequate to assure full staffing during peak crossing hours of all border crossing lanes currently in use, under construction, or whose construction has been authorized by the Congress, except such low-use lanes as the Attorney General may designate.