110 STAT. 3009-459         PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

15 USC 1679e.  "SEC. 407. RIGHT TO CANCEL CONTRACT.
    "(a) IN GENERAL.—Any consumer may cancel any contract with
  any credit repair organization without penalty or obligation by
  notifying the credit repair organization of the consumer's intention 
  to do so at any time before midnight of the 3rd business day
  which begins after the date on which the contract or agreement
  between the consumer and the credit repair organization is executed
  or would, but for this subsection, become enforceable against the
  parties.
    "(b) CANCELLATION FORM AND OTHER INFORMATION—Each con-
  tract shall be accompanied by a form, in duplicate, which has
  the heading 'Notice of Cancellation' and contains in bold face type
  the following statement:
       "'You may cancel this contract, without any penalty or
    obligation, at any time before midnight of the 3rd day which
    begins after the date the contract is signed by you.
       "'To cancel this contract, mail or deliver a signed, dated
    copy of this cancellation notice, or any other written notice
    to [ name of credit repair organization ] at [ address of credit
    repair organization ] before midnight on [ date ].
       "'I hereby cancel this transaction,
                        [ date ]
                       [ purchaser's signature ].'.
    "(c) CONSUMER COPY OF CONTRACT REQUIRED.—Any consumer
  who enters into any contract with any credit repair organization
  shall be given, by the organization—
      "(1) a copy of the completed contract and the disclosure
  statement required under section 405; and
      "(2) a copy of any other document the credit repair
  organization requires the consumer to sign, at the time the
  contract or the other document is signed.

15 USC 1679f. "SEC. 408. NONCOMPLIANCE WITH THIS TITLE.
   "(a) CONSUMER WAIVERS INVALID.—Any waiver by any
consumer of any protection provided by or any right of the consumer
under this title—
       "(1) shall be treated as void; and
       "(2) may not be enforced by any Federal or State court,
 or any other person.
   "(b) ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN WAIVER.—Any attempt by any person
to obtain a waiver from any consumer of any protection provided
by or any right of the consumer under this title shall be treated
as a violation of this title.
   "(c) CONTRACTS NOT IN COMPLIANCE.—Any contract for services
which does not comply with the applicable provisions of this title—
       "(1) shall be treated as void; and
       "(2) may not be enforced by any Federal or State court
    or any other person.

15 USC 1679g. "SEC. 409. CIVIL LIABILITY.
   "(a) LIABILITY ESTABLISHED.—Any person who fails to comply
with any provision of this title with respect to any other person