110 STAT. 3009-93        PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

and base operation costs that are currently executed through monetary transfers to such host nations: Provided further, That the Department of Defense’s budget submission for fiscal year 1998 shall identify such sums anticipated in residual value settlements, and identify such construction, real property maintenance or base operating costs that shall be funded by the host nation through such credits: Provided further, That all military construction projects to be executed from such accounts must be previously approved in a prior Act of Congress: Provided further, That each such Executive Agreement with a NATO member host nation shall be reported to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on International Relations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate thirty days prior to the conclusion and endorsement of any such agreement established under this provision.
    SEC. 8021. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols.
    SEC. 8022. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay more than 50 percent of an amount paid to any person under section 308 of title 37, United States Code, in a lump sum.
    SEC. 8023. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for payments under the Department of Defense contract with the Louisiana State University Medical Center involving the use of cats for Brain Missile Wound Research, and the Department of Defense shall not make payments under such contract from funds obligated prior to the date of the enactment of this Act, except as necessary for costs incurred by the contractor prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided, That funds necessary for the care of animals covered by this contract are allowed.
    SEC. 8024. Of the funds made available by this Act in title III, Procurement, $8,000,000, drawn pro rata from each appropriations account in title III, shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974, 25 U.S.C. 1544. These payments shall be available only to contractors which have submitted subcontracting plans pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 637(d), and according to regulations which shall be promulgated by the Secretary of Defense within 90 days of the passage of this Act.
    SEC. 8025. None of the funds provided in this Act or any other Act shall be available to conduct bone trauma research at any Army Research Laboratory until the Secretary of the Army certifies that the synthetic compound to be used in the experiments is of such a type that its use will result in a significant medical finding, the research has military application, the research will be conducted in accordance with the standards set by an animal care and use committee, and the research does not duplicate research already conducted by a manufacturer or any other research organization.
    SEC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, none of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to procure or acquire (1) defensive handguns unless such handguns are the M9 or M11 9mm Department of Defense standard handguns, or (2) offensive handguns except for the Special Operations Forces: