110 STAT. 3009-305    PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(3) GEOGRAPHIC AND OTHER REPRESENTATION.—Members of the Museum Board shall be appointed to reflect persons from various geographic regions of the United States. The Museum Board may not include, at any time, more than 3 members from a single State. In making such appointments, the President shall give due regard to equitable representation of women, minorities, and persons with disabilities who are involved with museums.
“(c) TERMS.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Each appointive member of the Museum Board shall serve for a term of 5 years, except that— 
“(A) of the members first appointed, 3 shall serve for terms of 5 years, 3 shall serve for terms of 4 years, 3 shall serve for terms of 3 years, 3 shall serve for terms of 2 years, and 2 shall serve for terms of 1 year, as designated by the President at the time of nomination for appointment; and
“(B) any member appointed to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term for which the predecessor of the member was appointed.
“(2) REAPPOINTMENT.—No member of the Museum Board who has been a member for more than 7 consecutive years shall be eligible for reappointment.
“(3) SERVICE UNTIL SUCCESSOR TAKES OFFICE.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, a member of the Museum Board shall serve after the expiration of the term of the member until the successor to the member takes office.
“(d) DUTIES AND POWERS.—The Museum Board shall have the responsibility to advise the Director on general policies with respect to the duties, powers, and authority of the Institute relating to museum services, including general policies with respect to—
“(1) financial assistance awarded under this subtitle for museum services; and
“(2) projects described in section 262(a)(4).
“(e) CHAIRPERSON.—The President shall designate 1 of the appointive members of the Museum Board as Chairperson of the Museum Board.
“(f) MEETINGS.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Museum Board shall meet—
“(A) not less than 3 times each year, including—
“(i) not less than 2 times each year separately; and
“(ii) not less than 1 time each year in a joint meeting with the Commission, convened for purposes of making general policies with respect to financial assistance for projects described in section 262(a)(4); and
“(B) at the call of the Director.
“(2) VOTE.—All decisions by the Museum Board with respect to the exercise of the duties and powers of the Museum Board shall be made by a majority vote of the members of the Museum Board who are present. All decisions by the Commission and the Museum Board with respect to the policies described in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall be made by a 2D majority vote of the total number of the members of the Commission and the Museum Board who are present.