PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996        110 STAT. 3009-708

SEC. 643. REGULATIONS REGARDING HABITUAL RESIDENCE.
Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization shall issue regulations governing rights of “habitual residence” in the United States under the terms of the following:
    (1) The Compact of Free Association between the Government of the United States and the Governments of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia (48 U.S.C. 1901 note).
    (2) The Compact of Free Association between the Government of the United States and the Government of Palau (48 U.S.C. 1931 note).

SEC. 644. INFORMATION REGARDING FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION.
(a) PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION.—The Immigration and Naturalization Service (in cooperation with the Department of State) shall make available for all aliens who are issued immigrant or nonimmigrant visas, prior to or at the time of entry into the United States, the following information:
    (1) Information on the severe harm to physical and psychological health caused by female genital mutilation which is compiled and presented in a manner which is limited to the practice itself and respectful to the cultural values of the societies in which such practice takes place.
    (2) Information concerning potential legal consequences in the United States for (A) performing female genital mutilation, or (B) allowing a child under his or her care to be subjected to female genital mutilation, under criminal or child protection statutes or as a form of child abuse.
(b) LIMITATION.—In consultation with the Secretary of State, the Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization shall identify those countries in which female genital mutilation is commonly practiced and, to the extent practicable, limit the provision of information under subsection (a) to aliens from such countries.
(c) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this section, the term “female genital mutilation” means the removal or infibulation (or both) of the whole or part of the clitoris, the labia minora, or labia majora.

SEC. 645. CRIMINALIZATION OF FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION.
(a) FINDINGS.—The Congress finds that—
    (1) the practice of female genital mutilation is carried out by members of certain cultural and religious groups within the United States;
    (2) the practice of female genital mutilation often results in the occurrence of physical and psychological health effects that harm the women involved;
    (3) such mutilation infringes upon the guarantees of rights secured by Federal and State law, both statutory and constitutional;
    (4) the unique circumstances surrounding the practice of female genital mutilation place it beyond the ability of any single State or local jurisdiction to control;
    (5) the practice of female genital mutilation can be prohibited without abridging the exercise of any rights guaranteed

48 USC 1901 note.
8 USC 1374.
18 USC 116 note.
