110 STAT. 3009-41      PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

pay for the cost of administering such plans, amendments, or regula- 
tions are expressly authorized under the Magnuson Fishery Con- 
servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). This restric- 
tion shall also apply to any program relating to the Gulf of Mexico 
commercial red snapper fishery that authorizes the consolidation 
of licenses, permits or endorsements that result in different trip 
limits for vessels in the same class. This restriction shall not apply 
in any way to the North Pacific halibut and sablefish, South Atlantic 
wreckfish, or the Mid-Atlantic surfclam and ocean (including mahog- 
any) quahog individual fishing quota programs. The term ``individ- 
ual fishing quota'' does not include a community development quota. 
SEC. 209. The Secretary may award contracts for hydrographic, 
geodetic, and photogrammetric surveying and mapping services in 
accordance with title IX of the Federal Property and Administrative 
Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 541 et seq.). 
SEC. 210. There is hereby established the Bureau of the Census 
Working Capital Fund, which shall be available without fiscal year 
limitation, for expenses and equipment necessary for the mainte- 
nance and operation of such services and projects as the Director 
of the Census Bureau determines may be performed more advan- 
tageously when centralized: Provided, That such central services 
shall, to the fullest extent practicable, be used to make unnecessary 
the maintenance of separate like services in the divisions and 
offices of the Bureau: Provided further, That a separate schedule 
of expenditures and reimbursements, and a statement of the current 
assets and liabilities of the Working Capital Fund as of the close 
of the last completed fiscal year, shall be prepared each year: 
Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Working 
Capital Fund may be credited with advances and reimbursements 
from applicable appropriations of the Bureau and from funds of 
other agencies or entities for services furnished pursuant to law: 
Provided further, That any inventories, equipment, and other assets 
pertaining to the services to be provided by such funds, either 
on hand or on order, less the related liabilities or unpaid obligations, 
and any appropriations made hereafter for the purpose of providing 
capital, shall be used to capitalize the Working Capital Fund: 
Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund shall provide 
for centralized services at rates which will return in full all expenses 
of operation, including depreciation of fund plant and equipment, 
amortization of automated data processing software and hardware 
systems, and an amount necessary to maintain a reasonable operat- 
ing reserve as determined by the Director. 
16 USC 1801        SEC. 211. (a) Effective 15 days after the enactment of the note. Sustainable Fisheries Act, section 1 of the Magnuson Fishery Con- 
servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801) shall be amended 
to read as follows: ``That this Act may be cited as the `Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act.'.''
16 USC 1801 
(b) Effective 15 days after the enactment of the Sustainable 
Fisheries Act, all references to the Magnuson Fishery Conservation 
and Management Act shall be redesignated as references to the 
Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. 
This title may be cited as the ``Department of Commerce and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997''. 