PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996      110 STAT. 3009-538

    (B) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the
Interior;

    (C) the term ‘the Tribe’ means the Coquille 
Tribe of Coos County, Oregon.
    
    (2) MAP.—The map described in subparagraph (d)(1)(A), 
and such additional legal descriptions which are applicable, 
shall be placed on file at the local District Office of the Bureau 
of Land Management, the Agency Office of the Bureau of Indian 
Affairs, and with the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources and the House Committee on Resources.
  
    (3) INTERIM PERIOD.—From the date of enactment of this 
subsection until two years after the date of enactment of this 
subsection, the Bureau of Land Management shall:
  
  (A) retain Federal jurisdiction for the management 
  of lands designated under this subsection as the Coquille 
  Forest and continue to distribute revenues from such lands 
  in a manner consistent with existing law; and,
  
  (B) prior to advertising, offering or awarding any tim- 
  ber sale contract on lands designated under this subsection 
  as the Coquille Forest, obtain the approval of the Assistant 
  Secretary for Indian Affairs, acting on behalf of and in 
  consultation with the Tribe.
  
    (4) TRANSITION PLANNING AND DESIGNATION.—
  
  (A) During the two year interim period provided 
  in paragraph (3), the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, 
  acting on behalf of and in consultation with the Tribe, 
  is authorized to initiate development of a forest manage- 
  ment plan for the Coquille Forest. The Secretary, acting 
  through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management, 
  shall cooperate and assist in the development of such plan 
  and in the transition of forestry management operations 
  for the Coquille Forest to the Assistant Secretary for Indian 
  Affairs.
  
  (B) Two years after the date of enactment of this 
  subsection, the Secretary shall take the lands identified 
  under subparagraph (d)(1)(A) into trust, and shall hold 
  such lands in trust, in perpetuity, for the Coquille Tribe. 
  Such lands shall be thereafter designated as the Coquille 
  Forest.
  
  (C) So as to maintain the current flow of revenue 
  from land subject to the Act entitled ‘An Act relating to 
  the revested Oregon and California Railroad and recon- 
  veyed Coos Bay Wagon Road grant land situated in the 
  State of Oregon’ (the O&C Act), approved August 28, 1937 
  (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), the Secretary shall redesignate, 
  from public domain lands within the tribe’s service area,
  as defined in this Act, certain lands to be subject to the 
  O&C Act. Lands redesignated under this subparagraph 
  shall not exceed lands sufficient to constitute equivalent 
  timber value as compared to lands constituting the Coquille 
  Forest.
    
    (5) MANAGEMENT.—The Secretary of Interior, acting 
  through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, shall man- 
  age the Coquille Forest under applicable State and Federal 
  forestry and environmental protection laws, and subject to criti- 
  cal habitat designations under the Endangered Species Act, 
  and subject to the standards and guidelines of Federal forest