110 STAT. 3009–297              PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(1) IN GENERAL.—There are authorized to be appropriated $150,000,000 for fiscal year 1997 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1998 through 2002 to carry out this subtitle.
“(2) TRANSFER.—The Secretary of Education shall—
“(A) transfer promptly to the Director any funds appropriated under the authority of paragraph (1), to enable the Director to carry out this subtitle; and
“(B) not exercise any authority concerning the administration of this title other than the transfer described in subparagraph (A).

“(b) FORWARD FUNDING.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—To the end of affording the responsible Federal, State, and local officers adequate notice of available Federal financial assistance for carrying out ongoing library activities and projects, appropriations for grants, contracts, or other payments under any program under this subtitle are authorized to be included in the appropriations Act for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which such activities and projects shall be carried out.
“(2) ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—In order to effect a transition to the timing of appropriation action authorized by subsection (a), the application of this section may result in the enactment, in a fiscal year, of separate appropriations for a program under this subtitle (whether in the same appropriations Act or otherwise) for 2 consecutive fiscal years.
“(c) ADMINISTRATION.—Not more than 3 percent of the funds appropriated under this section for a fiscal year may be used to pay for the Federal administrative costs of carrying out this subtitle.

“CHAPTER 1—BASIC PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS

SEC. 221. RESERVATIONS AND ALLOTMENTS.
20 USC 9131.

“(a) RESERVATIONS.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—From the amount appropriated under the authority of section 214 for any fiscal year, the Director—
“(A) shall reserve 1½ percent to award grants in accordance with section 261; and
“(B) shall reserve 4 percent to award national leadership grants or contracts in accordance with section 262.
“(2) SPECIAL RULE.—If the funds reserved pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) for a fiscal year have not been obligated by the end of such fiscal year, then such funds shall be allotted in accordance with subsection (b) for the fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year for which the funds were so reserved.

“(b) ALLOTMENTS.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—From the sums appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not reserved under subsection (a) for any fiscal year, the Director shall award grants from minimum allotments, as determined under paragraph (3), to each State. Any sums remaining after minimum allotments are made for such year shall be allotted in the manner set forth in paragraph (2).
“(2) REMAINDER.—From the remainder of any sums appropriated under the authority of section 214 that are not reserved