PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-680

shall promulgate a standard form for an affidavit of support consistent with the provisions of section 213A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by subsection (a).

SEC. 552. INDIGENCE AND BATTERED SPOUSE AND CHILD EXCEPTIONS
       TO FEDERAL ATTRIBUTION OF INCOME RULE.

Section 421 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1631) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:

     "(e) INDIGENCE EXCEPTION.—
          "(1) IN GENERAL.—For an alien for whom an affidavit of support under section 213A of the Immigration and Nationality Act has been executed, if a determination described in paragraph (2) is made, the amount of income and resources of the sponsor or the sponsor’s spouse which shall be attributed to the sponsored alien shall not exceed the amount actually provided for a period beginning on the date of such determination and ending 12 months after such date.
          "(2) DETERMINATION DESCRIBED.—A determination described in this paragraph is a determination by an agency that a sponsored alien would, in the absence of the assistance provided by the agency, be unable to obtain food and shelter, taking into account the alien’s own income, plus any cash, food, housing, or other assistance provided by other individuals, including the sponsor. The agency shall notify the Attorney General of each such determination, including names of the sponsor and the sponsored alien involved.
     "(f) SPECIAL RULE FOR BATTERED SPOUSE AND CHILD.—
          "(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of this section, subsection (a) shall not apply to benefits—
               "(A) during a 12 month period if the alien demonstrates that the alien has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty in the United States by a spouse or a parent, or by a member of the spouse or parent's family residing in the same household as the alien and the spouse or parent consented or acquiesced to such battery or cruelty, or (ii) the alien's child has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty in the United States by the spouse or parent of the alien (without the active participation of the alien in the battery or cruelty), or by a member of the spouse's or parent's family residing in the same household as the alien when the spouse or parent consented or acquiesced to and the alien did not actively participate in such battery or cruelty, and the battery or cruelty described in clause (i) or (ii) (in the opinion of the agency providing such public benefits, which opinion is not subject to review by any court) has a substantial connection to the need for the public benefits applied for; and
          "(B) after a 12 month period (regarding the batterer's income and resources only) if the alien demonstrates that such battery or cruelty under subparagraph (A) has been recognized in an order of a judge or administrative law judge or a prior determination of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, and that such battery or cruelty (in the opinion of the agency providing such public benefits,