110 STAT. 3009–679            PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

    through demonstration of significant assets of the spon-
    sored alien or of the sponsor, if such assets are avail-
    able for the support of the sponsored alien.
            ‘‘(iii) PERCENT OF POVERTY.—For purposes of this
    section, a reference to an annual income equal to at
    least a particular percentage of the Federal poverty
    line means an annual income equal to at least such
    percentage of the Federal poverty line for a family
    unit of a size equal to the number of members of
    the sponsor’s household (including family and non-fam-
    ily dependents) plus the total number of other depend-
    ents and aliens sponsored by that sponsor.
            ‘‘(B) LIMITATION.—The Secretary of State, or the Attor-
    ney General in the case of adjustment of status, may pro-
    vide that the demonstration under subparagraph (A)
    applies only to the most recent taxable year.
        ‘‘(h) FEDERAL POVERTY LINE DEFINED.—For purposes of this
    section, the term ‘Federal poverty line’ means the level of income
    equal to the official poverty line (as defined by the Director of
    the Office of Management and Budget, as revised annually by
    the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in accordance with
    section 673(2) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981
    (42 U.S.C. 9902)) that is applicable to a family of the size involved.
        ‘‘(i) SPONSOR’S SOCIAL SECURITY ACCOUNT NUMBER REQUIRED
    TO BE PROVIDED.—(1) An affidavit of support shall include the
    social security account number of each sponsor.
        ‘‘(2) The Attorney General shall develop, by automated system
    to maintain the social security account number data provided under
    paragraph (1).
        ‘‘(3) The Attorney General shall submit an annual report to
    the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives
    and the Senate setting forth—
            ‘‘(A) for the most recent fiscal year for which data are
    available the number of sponsors under this section and the
    number of sponsors in compliance with the financial obligations
    of this section; and
            ‘‘(B) a comparison of such numbers with the numbers of
    such sponsors for the preceding fiscal year.’’.
    (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—
        (1) Section 421(a)(1) and section 422(a)(1) of the Personal
    Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996
    (8 U.S.C. 1631(a)(1), 1632(a)(1)) are each amended by inserting
    ‘‘and as amended by section 551(a) of the Illegal Immigration
    Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996’’ after ‘‘section
    423’’.
        (2) Section 423 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1183a note) is amended
    by striking subsection (c).
    (c) EFFECTIVE DATE; PROMULGATION OF FORM.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The amendments made by this section
    shall apply to affidavits of support executed on or after a
    date specified by the Attorney General, which date shall be
    not earlier than 60 days (and not later than 90 days) after
    the date the Attorney General formulates the form for  such
    affidavits under paragraph (2).
        (2) PROMULGATION OF FORM.—Not later than 90 days after
    the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General,
    in consultation with the heads of other appropriate agencies,
    
8 USC 1183a
note.
8 USC 1183a
note.