PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-304

pay for the Federal share of enabling the entities to undertake projects designed to strengthen museum services, except that any contracts or cooperative agreements entered into pursuant to this subsection shall be effective only to such extent or in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts.
‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON AMOUNT.—The aggregate amount of financial assistance made available under this subsection for a fiscal year shall not exceed 15 percent of the amount appropriated under this subtitle for such fiscal year.
‘‘(3) OPERATIONAL EXPENSES.—No financial assistance may be provided under this subsection to pay for operational expenses.
‘‘(c) FEDERAL SHARE.—
‘‘(1) 50 PERCENT.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Federal share described in subsection (a) and (b) shall be not more than 50 percent. 
‘‘(2) GREATER THAN 50 PERCENT.—The Director may use not more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this subtitle for a fiscal year to make grants under subsection (a), or enter into contracts or agreements under subsection (b), for which the Federal share may be greater than 50 percent. 
‘‘(d) REVIEW AND EVALUATION.—The Director shall establish procedures for reviewing and evaluating grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements made or entered into under this subtitle. Procedures for reviewing grant applications or contracts and cooperative agreements for financial assistance under this subtitle shall not be subject to any review outside of the Institute.

20 USC 9174.
‘‘SEC. 274. AWARD.
20 USC 9175.
‘‘The Director, with the advice of the Museum Board, may annually award a National Award for Museum Service to outstanding museums that have made significant contributions in service to their communities.

‘‘SEC. 275. NATIONAL MUSEUM SERVICES BOARD.
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established in the Institute a National Museum Services Board. 
‘‘(b) COMPOSITION AND QUALIFICATIONS.—
‘‘(1) COMPOSITION.—The Museum Board shall consist of the Director and 14 members appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
 ‘‘(2) QUALIFICATIONS.—The appointive members of the Museum Board shall be selected from among citizens of the United States—
‘‘(A) who are members of the general public; 
‘‘(B) who are or have been affiliated with—
‘‘(i) resources that, collectively, are broadly representative of the curatorial, conservation, educational, or cultural resources of the United States; or
‘‘(ii) museums that, collectively, are broadly representative of various types of museums, including museums relating to science, history, technology, art, zoos, and botanical gardens; and 
‘‘(C) who are recognized for their broad knowledge, expertise, or experience in museums or commitment to museums.