110 STAT. 3009–153 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

COMPETITIVE PRICING FOR SALES OF DEFENSE ARTICLES

SEC. 533A. Direct costs associated with meeting a foreign customer’s additional or unique requirements will continue to be allowable under contracts under section 22(d) of the Arms Export Control Act. Loadings applicable to such direct costs shall be performed at the same rates applicable to procurement of like items purchased by the Department of Defense for its own use.

POW/MIA MILITARY DRAWDOWN

SEC. 534. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the President may direct the drawdown, without reimbursement by the recipient, of defense articles from the stocks of the Department of Defense, defense services of the Department of Defense, and military education and training, of an aggregate value not to exceed $15,000,000 in fiscal year 1997, as may be necessary to carry out subsection (b).
(b) Such defense articles, services and training may be provided to Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, under subsection (a) as the President determines are necessary to support efforts to locate and repatriate members of the United States Armed Forces and civilians employed directly or indirectly by the United States Government who remain unaccounted for from the Vietnam War, and to ensure the safety of United States Government personnel engaged in such cooperative efforts and to support United States Department of Defense-sponsored humanitarian projects associated with the POW/ MIA efforts. Any aircraft shall be provided under the authority of this section to Laos and only on a lease or loan basis, but may be provided at no cost notwithstanding section 61 of the Arms Export Control Act and may be maintained with defense articles, services and training provided under this section. 
(c) The President shall, within sixty days of the end of any fiscal year in which the authority of subsection (a) is exercised, submit a report to the Congress which identifies the articles, services, and training drawn down under this section.

MEDITERRANEAN EXCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES

SEC. 535. For the four-year period beginning on October 1, 1996, the President shall ensure that excess defense articles will be made available under section 516 and 519 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 consistent with the manner in which the President made available excess defense articles under those sections during the four-year period that began on October 1, 1992, pursuant to section 573(e) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1990.

CASH FLOW FINANCING

SEC. 536. For each country that has been approved for cash flow financing (as defined in section 25(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as added by section 112(b) of Public Law 99–83) under the Foreign Military Financing Program, any Letter of Offer and Acceptance or other purchase agreement, or any amendment thereto, for a procurement in excess of $100,000,000 that is to be financed in whole or in part with funds made available under this Act shall be submitted through the regular notification procedures to the Committees on Appropriations.