110 STAT. 3009–383 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

of, the Postmaster General. The Postmaster General shall promptly notify the Governors and both Houses of Congress in writing if he or she removes the Chief Postal Inspector or transfers the Chief Postal Inspector to another position or location within the Postal Service, and shall include in any such notification the reason for the removal or transfer.".
(B) The table of sections for chapter 2 of such title 39 is amended by striking the item relating to section 204 and inserting the following:

"204. General Counsel; Judicial Officer; Chief Postal Inspector.".

SEC. 663. VOLUNTARY SEPARATION INCENTIVES FOR EMPLOYEES
OF CERTAIN FEDERAL AGENCIES.—(a) DEFINITIONS.—For the purposes of this section—
(1) the term "agency" means any Executive agency (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code), other than an Executive agency (except an agency receiving such authority in the Department of Transportation Appropriations Act, 1997) that is authorized by any other provision of this Act or any other Act to provide voluntary separation incentive payments during all, or any part of, fiscal year 1997; and
(2) the term "employee" means an employee (as defined by section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) who is employed by an agency, is serving under an appointment without time limitation, and has been currently employed for a continuous period of at least 3 years, but does not include—
(A) a reemployed annuitant under subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, or another retirement system for employees of the agency;
(B) an employee having a disability on the basis of which such employee is or would be eligible for disability retirement under subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 or title 5, United States Code, or another retirement system of employees of the agency;
(C) an employee who is in receipt of a specific notice of involuntary separation for misconduct or unacceptable performance;
(D) an employee who, upon completing an additional period of service as referred to in section 3(b)(2)(B)(ii) of the Federal Workforce Restructuring Act of 1994 (5 U.S.C. 5597 note), would qualify for a voluntary separation incentive payment under section 3 of such Act;
(E) an employee who has previously received any voluntary separation incentive payment by the Federal Government under this section or any other authority and has not repaid such payment;
(F) an employee covered by statutory reemployment rights who is on transfer to another organization; or
(G) any employee who, during the twenty four month period preceding the date of separation, has received a recruitment or relocation bonus under section 5753 of title 5, United States Code, or who, within the twelve month period preceding the date of separation, received a retention allowance under section 5754 of title 5, United States Code.
(b) AGENCY STRATEGIC PLAN.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of each agency, prior to obligating any resources for voluntary separation incentive payments,