110 STAT. 3009–683 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(c) ADMINISTRATION.—This section shall be administered by the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
(d) EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITION DEFINED.—For purposes of this section, the term “emergency medical condition” means a medical condition (including emergency labor and delivery manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (including severe pain) such that the absence of immediate medical attention could reasonably be expected to result in—
(1) placing the patient’s health in serious jeopardy,
(2) serious impairment to bodily functions, or
(3) serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part.
(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall apply to medical assistance for care and treatment of an emergency medical condition furnished on or after January 1, 1997.

SEC. 563. REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES AND LOCALITIES FOR EMER- GENCY AMBULANCE SERVICES.

Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Attorney Gen- eral shall fully reimburse States and political subdivisions of States for costs incurred by such a State or subdivision for emergency ambulance services provided to any alien who—
(1) is injured while crossing a land or sea border of the United States without inspection or at any time or place other than as designated by the Attorney General; and
(2) is under the custody of the State or subdivision pursuant to a transfer, request, or other action by a Federal authority.

SEC. 564. PILOT PROGRAMS TO REQUIRE BONDING.

(a) IN GENERAL.—
(1) The Attorney General of the Untied States shall estab- lish a pilot program in 5 district offices of the Immigration and Naturalization Service to require aliens to post a bond in addition to the affidavit requirements under section 213A of the Immigration and Nationality Act and the deeming requirements under section 421 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1631). Any pilot program established pursuant to this sub- section shall require an alien to post a bond in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of benefits described in section 213A(d)(2)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (as amended by section 551(a) of this division) for the alien and the alien’s dependents and shall remain in effect until the departure, naturalization, or death of the alien.
 (2) Suit on any such bonds may be brought under the terms and conditions set forth in section 213A of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
(b) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall issue regula- tions for establishing the pilot programs, including—
(1) criteria and procedures for—
(A) certifying bonding companies for participation in the program, and
(B) debarment of any such company that fails to pay a bond, and
(2) criteria for setting the amount of the bond to assure that the bond is in an amount that is not less than the cost

8 USC 1370.

8 USC 1183a
note.