110 STAT. 3009–605        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996



          “(C) if ordered by an immigration officer, shall remove
          the stowaway on the vessel or aircraft or on another vessel
          or aircraft.
The Attorney General shall grant a timely request to remove
the stowaway under subparagraph (C) on a vessel or aircraft
other than that on which the stowaway arrived if the requester
has obtained any travel documents necessary for departure
or repatriation of the stowaway and removal of the stowaway
will not be unreasonably delayed.
          “(3) REMOVAL UPON ORDER.—An owner, agent, master,
commanding officer, person in charge, purser, or consignee
of a vessel, aircraft, or other transportation line shall comply
with an order of the Attorney General to take on board, guard
safely, and transport to the destination specified any alien
ordered to be removed under this Act.
      “(e) PAYMENT OF EXPENSES OF REMOVAL.—
          “(1) COSTS OF REMOVAL AT TIME OF ARRIVAL.—In the case
of an alien who is a stowaway or who is ordered removed
either without a hearing under section 235(a)(1) or 235(c) or
pursuant to proceedings under section 240 initiated at the
time of such alien’s arrival, the owner of the vessel or aircraft
(if any) on which the alien arrived in the United States shall
pay the transportation cost of removing the alien. If removal
is on a vessel or aircraft not owned by the owner of the vessel
or aircraft on which the alien arrived in the United States,
the Attorney General may—
                    “(A) pay the cost from the appropriations of the Immigration
          and Naturalization Service—Salaries and Expenses; and
                    “(B) recover the amount of the cost in a civil action
          from the owner, agent, or consignee of the vessel or aircraft
          (if any) on which the alien arrived in the United States.
          “(2) COSTS OF REMOVAL TO PORT OF REMOVAL FOR ALIENS
ADMITTED OR PERMITTED TO LAND.—In the case of an alien
who has been admitted or permitted to land and is ordered
removed, the cost (if any) of removal of the alien to the port
of removal shall be at the expense of the appropriation for
the enforcement of this Act.
          “(3) COSTS OF REMOVAL FROM PORT OF REMOVAL FOR ALIENS
ADMITTED OR PERMITTED TO LAND.—
                    “(A) THROUGH APPROPRIATION.—Except as provided in
subparagraph (B), in the case of an alien who has been
admitted or permitted to land and is ordered removed,
the cost (if any) of removal of the alien from the port
of removal shall be at the expense of the appropriation
for the enforcement of this Act.
                    “(B) THROUGH OWNER.—
                            “(i) IN GENERAL.—In the case of an alien described
                  in clause (ii), the cost of removal of the alien from
                  the port of removal may be charged to any owner
                  of the vessel, aircraft, or other transportation line by
                  which the alien came to the United States.
                            “(ii) ALIENS DESCRIBED.—An alien described in this
                  clause is an alien who—
                                         “(I) is admitted to the United States (other
                      than lawfully admitted for permanent residence)
                      and is ordered removed within 5 years of the date