110 STAT. 3009–543 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

Agriculture and the House Committees on Resources and Agri- culture not later than one year from the date of enactment of this section.

(f) The Secretary is prohibited from advertising, offering or awarding any timber sale within the study area for a period of two years after the date of enactment of this section.

(g) Nothing in this section shall in any way affect any State or Federal law governing appropriation, use or of Federal right to water on or flowing through National Forest System lands. Nothing in this section is intended to influence the relative strength of competing claims to the waters of the Little Sandy River. Nothing in this section shall be construed to expand or diminish Federal, State, or local jurisdiction, responsibility, interests, or rights in water resources development or control, including rights in and current uses of water resources in the unit.

SEC. 606. Lands within the Bull Run Management Unit, as defined in Public Law 95–200, but not contained within the Bull Run River Drainage, as defined by this title and as depicted on the map dated July 1996 described in Section 604 of this title, shall continue to be managed in accordance with Public Law 95– 200.

16 USC 1132 note.

TITLE VII—OREGON ISLANDS WILDERNESS, ADDITIONS

SEC. 701. OREGON ISLANDS WILDERNESS, ADDITIONS.
(a) In furtherance of the purposes of the Wilderness Act of 1964, certain lands within the boundaries of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge, Oregon, comprising approximately ninety- five acres and as generally depicted on a map entitled "Oregon Island Wilderness Additions—Proposed" dated August 1996, are hereby designated as wilderness. The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the offices of the Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior.

(b) All other federally owned named, unnamed, surveyed and unsurveyed rocks, reefs, islets and islands lying within three geographic miles off the coast of Oregon and above mean high tide, not currently designated as wilderness and also within the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge boundaries under the administration of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, as designated by Executive Order 7035, Proclamation 2416, Public Land Orders 4395, 4475 and 6287, and Public Laws 91–504 and 95–450, are hereby designated as wilderness.

(c) All federally owned named, unnamed, unsurveyed and unsurveyed rocks, reefs, islets and islands lying within three geographic miles off the coast of Oregon and above mean high tide, and presently under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, except Chief Island, are hereby designated as wilder- ness, shall become part of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge and the Oregon Island Wilderness and shall be under the jurisdiction of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart- ment of the Interior.

(d) As soon as practicable after this title takes effect, a map of the wilderness area and a description of its boundaries shall be filed with the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural