110 STAT. 3009-689  PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(2) the term “child” shall have the meaning given such term in section 101(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act.

TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Refugees, Parole, and Asylum

SEC. 601. PERSECUTION FOR RESISTANCE TO COERCIVE POPULATION CONTROL METHODS.
(a) DEFINITION OF REFUGEE.— 
(1) Section 101(a)(42) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(42)) is amended by adding at the end the following: “For purposes of determina- tions under this Act, a person who has been forced to abort a pregnancy or to undergo involuntary sterilization, or who has been persecuted for failure or refusal to undergo such a procedure or for other resistance to a coercive population control program, shall be deemed to have been persecuted on account of political opinion, and a person who has a well founded fear that he or she will be forced to undergo such a procedure or subject to persecution for such failure, refusal, or resistance shall be deemed to have a well founded fear of persecution on account of political opinion.”.
(2) Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Commit- tee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate describing the num- ber and countries of origin of aliens granted refugee status or asylum under determinations pursuant to the amendment made by paragraph (1). Each such report shall also contain projections regarding the number and countries of origin of aliens that are likely to be granted refugee status or asylum for the subsequent 2 fiscal years.
(b) NUMERICAL LIMITATION.—Section 207(a) (8 U.S.C. 1157(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
“(5) For any fiscal year, not more than a total of 1,000 refugees may be admitted under this subsection or granted asylum under section 208 pursuant to a determination under the third sentence of section 101(a)(42) (relating to persecution for resistance to coer- cive population control methods).”.

SEC. 602. LIMITATION ON USE OF PAROLE
(a) PAROLE AUTHORITY.—Section 212(d)(5)(A) (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)(A)) is amended by striking “for emergent reasons or for reasons deemed strictly in the public interest” and inserting “only on a case-by-case basis for urgent humanitarian reasons or signifi- cant public benefit”.
(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate describing the number and categories of aliens paroled into the United States under section 212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Each such report shall provide the total number of aliens paroled into and residing in the United States and shall contain information