110 STAT. 3009-581    PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

immigration officer, that the alien has been physically present in the United States continuously for the 2-year period immediately prior to the date of the determination of inadmissibility under this subparagraph,
"(B) ASYLUM INTERVIEWS.—
"(i) CONDUCT BY ASYLUM OFFICERS.—An asylum officer shall conduct interviews of aliens referred under subparagraph (A)(ii), either at a port of entry or at such other place designated by the Attorney General.
"(ii) REFERRAL OF CERTAIN ALIENS.—If the officer determines at the time of the interview that an alien has a credible fear of persecution (within the meaning of clause (v), the alien shall be detained for further consideration of the application for asylum.
"(iii) REMOVAL WITHOUT FURTHER REVIEW IF NO CREDIBLE FEAR OF PERSECUTION.—
"(I) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subclause (III), if the officer determines that an alien does not have a credible fear of persecution, the officer shall order the alien removed from the United States without further hearing or review.
"(II) RECORD OF DETERMINATION.—The officer shall prepare a written record of a determination under subclause (I). Such record shall include a summary of the material facts as stated by the applicant, such additional facts (if any) relied upon by the officer, and the officer's analysis of why, in the light of such facts, the alien has not established a credible fear of persecution. A copy of the officer's interview notes shall be attached to the written summary.
"(III) REVIEW OF DETERMINATION.—The Attorney General shall provide by regulation and upon the alien's request for prompt review by an immigration judge of a determination under subclause (I) that the alien does not have a credible fear of persecution. Such review shall include an opportunity for the alien to be heard and questioned by the immigration judge, either in person or by telephonic or video connection. Review shall be concluded as expeditiously as possible, to the maximum extent practicable within 24 hours, but in no case later than 7 days after the date of the determination under subclause (I).
"(IV) MANDATORY DETENTION.—Any alien subject to the procedures under this clause shall be detained pending a final determination of credible fear of persecution and, if found not to have such a fear, until removed.
"(iv) INFORMATION ABOUT INTERVIEWS.—The Attorney General shall provide information concerning the asylum interview described in this subparagraph to aliens who may be eligible. An alien who is eligible for such interview may consult with a person or persons of the alien's choosing prior to the interview or any review thereof, according to regulations prescribed