PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-572

 in preparing an application which was falsely made (as defined 
 in subsection (f)) for immigration benefits, shall be fined in accord-
 ance with title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more 
 than 5 years, or both, and prohibited from preparing or assisting 
 in preparing, whether or not for a fee or other remuneration, 
 any other such application.

 "(2) Whoever, having been convicted of a violation of paragraph 
 (1), knowingly and willfully prepares or assists in preparing an 
 application for immigration benefits pursuant to this Act, or the 
 regulations promulgated thereunder, whether or not for a fee or 
 other remuneration and regardless of whether in any matter within 
 the jurisdiction of the Service, shall be fined in accordance with 
 title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 15 
 years, or both, and prohibited from preparing or assisting in prepar-
 ing any other such application.".

 SEC. 214. CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR KNOWINGLY PRESENTING DOCU-
 MENT WHICH FAILS TO CONTAIN REASONABLE BASIS IN
 LAW OR FACT.

 The fourth paragraph of section 1546(a) of title 18, United 
  States Code, is amended by striking "containing any such false 
  statement" and inserting "which contains any such false statement 
  or which fails to contain any reasonable basis in law or fact".

 SEC. 215. CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSE CLAIM TO CITIZENSHIP.

 Section 1015 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-
 ed— 
(1) by striking the dash at the end of paragraph (d) and 
      inserting "; or"; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (d) the following: 
"(e) Whoever knowingly makes any false statement or claim 
      that he is, or at any time has been, a citizen or national of the 
        United States, with the intent to obtain on behalf of himself, or 
        any other person, any Federal or State benefit or service, to 
        engage unlawfully in employment in the United States; or 
 "(f) Whoever knowingly makes any false statement or claim 
      that he is a citizen of the United States in order to register to 
      vote or to vote in any Federal, State, or local election (including 
      an initiative, recall, or referendum)".
           
 SEC. 216. CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR VOTING BY ALIENS IN FEDERAL 
              ELECTION.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Title 18, United States Code, is amended 
by inserting after section 610 the following:


"§ 611. Voting by aliens

"(a) It shall be unlawful for any alien to vote in any election 
     held solely or in part for the purpose of electing a candidate for 
     the office of President, Vice President, Presidential elector, Member  
     of the Senate, Member of the House of Representatives, Delegate 
     from the District of Columbia, or Resident Commissioner, unless-
  
            "(1) the election is held partly for some other purpose;
            and 
            "(2) aliens are authorized to vote for such other purpose 
                 under a State constitution or statute or a local ordinance;
                 and
            "(3) voting for such other purpose is conducted independ-
                 ently of voting for a candidate for such Federal offices, in 
                 such a manner that an alien has the opportunity to vote for 