PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

110 STAT. 3009–92

Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2301 note), as amended, under the author-
ity of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in
this Act.
SEC. 8017. None of the funds in this Act may be available
for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments
and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4
inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain
are manufactured in the United States from components which
are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided,
That for the purpose of this section manufactured will include
cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding
(including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further,
That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the compo-
nents of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be pro-
duced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost
of the components produced or manufactured in the United States
exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufac-
tured outside the United States: Provided further, That when ade-
quate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of
Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service
responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a
case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on
Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order
to acquire capability for national security purposes.
SEC. 8018. None of the funds appropriated by this Act available
for the Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Uniformed
Services (CHAMPUS) shall be available for the reimbursement
of any health care provider for inpatient mental health services
for care received when a patient is referred to a provider of inpatient
mental health care or residential treatment care by a medical
or health care professional having an economic interest in the
facility to which the patient is referred: Provided, That this limita-
tion does not apply in the case of inpatient mental health services
provided under the program for the handicapped under subsection
(d) of section 1079 of title 10, United States Code, provided as
partial hospital care, or provided pursuant to a waiver authorized
by the Secretary of Defense because of medical or psychological
circumstances of the patient that are confirmed by a health profes-
sional who is not a Federal employee after a review, pursuant
to rules prescribed by the Secretary, which takes into account
the appropriate level of care for the patient, the intensity of services
required by the patient, and the availability of that care.
SEC. 8019. Funds available in this Act may be used to provide
transportation for the next-of-kin of individuals who have been
prisoners of war or missing in action from the Vietnam era to
an annual meeting in the United States, under such regulations
as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe.
SEC. 8020. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during
the current fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense may, by Executive
Agreement, establish with host nation governments in NATO mem-
ber states a separate account into which such residual value
amounts negotiated in the return of United States military installa-
tions in NATO member states may be deposited, in the currency
of the host nation, in lieu of direct monetary transfers to the
United States Treasury: Provided, That such credits may be utilized
only for the construction of facilities to support United States mili-
tary forces in that host nation, or such real property maintenance

10 USC 2687
note.