PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996     

                                      110 STAT. 3009-628

                                      (A) by striking "or" at the end of clause (i),
                                      (B) by inserting "or" at the end of clause (ii), and
                                      (C) by adding at the end the following new clause:
                                      "(iii) section 601 of the National Security Act of
                                      1947 (relating to protecting the identity of undercover
                                      agents);";
                             (7) in subparagraph (M), by striking "$200,000" each place
                                      it appears and inserting "$10,000";
                             (8) in subparagraph (N), by striking "for which the term"
                                      and all that follows and inserting the following: ", except in
                                      the case of a first offense for which the alien has affirmatively
                                      shown that the alien committed the offense for the purpose
                                      of assisting, abetting, or aiding only the alien's spouse, child,
                                      or parent (and no other individual) to violate a provision of
                                      this Act;";
                             (9) in subparagraph (P), by striking "18 months" and insert-
                                      ing "12 months, except in the case of a first offense for which
                                      the alien has affirmatively shown that the alien committed
                                      the offense for the purpose of assisting, abetting, or aiding
                                      only the alien's spouse, child, or parent (and no other individual)
                                      to violate a provision of this Act; and
                           (10) in subparagraph (R), by striking "for which a sentence
                                      of 5 years' imprisonment or more may be imposed" and inserting
                                      "for which the term of imprisonment is at least one year";
                           and
                           (11) in subparagraph (S), by striking "for which a sentence
                                     of 5 years' imprisonment or more may be imposed" and inserting
                                     "for which the term of imprisonment is at least one year".
            (b) EFFECTIVE DATE OF DEFINITION.—Section 101(a)(43) (8
            U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)) is amended by adding at the end the following
            new sentence: "Notwithstanding any other provision of law (includ-
            ing any effective date), the term applies regardless of whether
            the conviction was entered before, on, or after the date of enactment
            of this paragraph.".
            (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section
            shall apply to actions taken on or after the date of the enactment
            of this Act, regardless of when the conviction occurred, and shall
            apply under section 276(b) of the Immigration and Nationality
            Act only to violations of section 276(a) of such Act occurring on
            or after such date.
                                                              8 USC 1101 note.

            SEC. 322. DEFINITION OF CONVICTION AND TERM OF IMPRISONMENT.
            (a) DEFINITION.—
                        {(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 101(a) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is
                        amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
                        "(48)(A) The term 'conviction' means, with respect to an alien,
                        a formal judgment of guilt of the alien entered by a court or,
                        if adjudication of guilt has been withheld, where—
                                  "(i) a judge or jury has found the alien guilty or the alien
                        has entered a plea of guilty or nolo contendere or has admitted
                        sufficient facts to warrant a finding of guilt, and
                                  "(ii) the judge has ordered some form of punishment, pen-
                        alty, or restraint on the alien's liberty to be imposed.
                                 "(B) Any reference to a term of imprisonment or a sentence
                        with respect to an offense is deemed to include the period of incar-
                        ceration or confinement ordered by a court of law regardless of