110 STAT. 3009–557    PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate on the results of the review, including—
 	(i) a description of the status of efforts to update and improve training throughout the Immigration and Naturalization Service; and
 	(ii) an estimate of when such efforts are expected to be completed. 
 (B) AREAS REQUIRING FUTURE REVIEW.—The report shall disclose those areas of training that the Attorney General determines require further review in the future.

SEC. 107. REPORT ON BORDER STRATEGY.
(a) EVALUATION OF STRATEGY.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall track, monitor, and evaluate the Attorney General’s strategy to deter illegal entry in the United States to determine the efficacy of such strategy. 
(b) COOPERATION.—The Attorney General, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Defense shall cooperate with the Comptroller General of the United States in carrying out subsection (a).
(c) REPORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter for the succeeding 5 years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate on the results of the activities undertaken under subsection (a) during the previous year. Each such report shall include an analysis of the degree to which the Attorney General’s strategy has been effective in reducing illegal entry. Each such report shall include a collection and systematic analysis of data, including workload indicators, related to activities to deter illegal entry and recommendations to improve and increase border security at the border and ports of entry.

SEC. 108. CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR HIGH SPEED FLIGHTS FROM IMMIGRATION CHECKPOINTS.

(a) FINDINGS.—The Congress finds as follows: 
 	(1) Immigration checkpoints are an important component of the national strategy to prevent illegal immigration.
 	(2) Individuals fleeing immigration checkpoints and leading law enforcement officials on high speed vehicle chases endanger law enforcement officers, innocent bystanders, and the fleeing individuals themselves.
 	(3) The pursuit of suspects fleeing immigration checkpoints is complicated by overlapping jurisdiction among Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers.
(b) HIGH SPEED FLIGHT FROM IMMIGRATION CHECKPOINTS.—
 	(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 35 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

‘‘§ 758. High speed flight from immigration checkpoint
"Whoever flees or evades a checkpoint operated by the Immigration and Naturalization Service, or any other Federal law enforcement agency, in a motor vehicle and flees Federal, State, or local law enforcement agents in excess of the legal speed limit shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than five years, or both.’’.

