PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996      110 STAT. 3009-598

(2) by redesignating section 241 (8 U.S.C. 1251) as section
  237 and by moving such section to immediately follow section
  236, and
(3) by inserting after section 240C (as redesignated by
  section 304(a)(2)) of this division the following new section:

"DETENTION AND REMOVAL OF ALIENS ORDERED REMOVED
"SEC. 241. (a) DETENTION, RELEASE, AND REMOVAL OF ALIENS ORDERED REMOVED.-

Ordered Removed.—

"(1) REMOVAL PERIOD.—
    ''(A) IN GENERAL,—Except as otherwise provided in this section, when an alien is ordered removed, the Attor- 
     ney General shall remove the alien from the United States within a period of 90 days (in this section referred to
     as the 'removal period').
     "(B) BEGINNING OF PERIOD.—The removal period begins on the latest of the following:
        "(i) The date the order of removal becomes administratively final.
        "(ii) If the removal order is judicially reviewed and if a court orders a stay of the removal of the
         alien, the date of the court's final order.
        "(iii) If the alien is detained or confined (except under an immigration process), the date the alien is 
         released from detention or confinement.
     "(C) SUSPENSION OF PERIOD.—The removal period shall be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the alien 
     may remain in detention during such extended period if the alien fails or refuses to make timely application in 
     good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien's departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien's
     removal subject to an order of removal.
  "(2) DETENTION,—During the removal period, the Attorney General shall detain the alien. Under no circumstance during
  the removal period shall the Attorney General release an alien who has been found inadmissible under section 212(a)(2) or
  212(a)(3)(B) or deportable under section 237(a)(2) or 237(a)(4)(B).
  "(3) SUPERVISION AFTER 90-DAY PERIOD,—If the alien does
  not leave or is not removed within the removal period, the alien, pending removal, shall be subject to supervision under
  regulations prescribed by the Attorney General. The regulations shall include provisions requiring the alien—
       "(A) to appear before an immigration officer periodically for identification;
      "(B) to submit, if necessary, to a medical and psy- chiatric examination at the expense of the United States
 Government;
      "(C) to give information under oath about the alien's nationality, circumstances, habits, associations, and activi-
 ties, and other information the Attorney General considers
 appropriate; and
      "(D) to obey reasonable written restrictions on the alien's conduct or activities that the Attorney General pre-
 scribes for the alien.
  "(4) ALIENS IMPRISONED, ARRESTED, OR ON PAROLE, SUPER- 
 V I S E D RELEASE, OR PROBATION,—