PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996    110 STAT. 3009-298

under subsection (a) and not allotted under paragraph (1) for any fiscal year, the Director shall award grants to each State in an amount that bears the same relation to such remainder as the population of the State bears to the population of all States.
		‘‘(3) MINIMUM ALLOTMENT.—
			‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For the purposes of this subsection, the minimum allotment for each State shall be $340,000, except that the minimum allotment shall be $40,000 in the case of the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau.
			‘‘(B) RATABLE REDUCTIONS.—If the sum appropriated under the authority of section 214 and not reserved under subsection (a) for any fiscal year is insufficient to fully satisfy the aggregate of the minimum allotments for all States for that purpose for such year, each of such minimum allotments shall be reduced ratably.
			‘‘(C) SPECIAL RULE.—
				‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection and using funds allotted for the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau under this subsection, the Director shall award grants to Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, or the Republic of Palau to carry out activities described in this subtitle in accordance with the provisions of this subtitle that the Director determines are not inconsistent with this subparagraph.
				‘‘(ii) AWARD BASIS.—The Director shall award grants pursuant to clause (i) on a competitive basis and pursuant to recommendations from the Pacific Region Educational Laboratory in Honolulu, Hawaii.
				‘‘(iii) TERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau shall not receive any funds under this subtitle for any fiscal year that begins after September 30, 2001.
				‘‘(iv) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—The Director may provide not more than 5 percent of the funds made available for grants under this subparagraph to pay the administrative costs of the Pacific Region Educational Laboratory regarding activities assisted under this subparagraph.
		‘‘(4) DATA.—The population of each State and of all the States shall be determined by the Director on the basis of the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census.

‘‘SEC. 222. ADMINISTRATION.
		‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Not more than 4 percent of the total amount of funds received under this subtitle for any fiscal year by a State may be used for administrative costs.
																																20 USC 9132.