PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996          110 STAT. 3009-706

granting of authority to issue documents to an alien demonstrating the alien’s eligibility for a visa under subparagraph (F), (J), or (M) of section 101(a)(15) of such Act.

(2) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO PROVIDE INFORMATION.—If an approved institution of higher education or a designated exchange visitor program fails to provide the specified information, such approvals and such issuance of visas shall be revoked or denied.
(e) FUNDING.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Beginning on April 1, 1997, an approved institution of higher education and a designated exchange visitor program shall impose, on and collect from, each alien described in paragraph (3), with respect to whom the institution or program is required by subsection (a) to collect information, a fee established by the Attorney General under paragraph (4) at the time—
(A) when the alien first registers with the institution or program after entering the United States; or
(B) in a case where a registration under subparagraph (A) does not exist, when the alien first commences activities in the United States with the institution or program.
(2) REMITTANCE.—An approved institution of higher education and a designated exchange visitor program shall remit the fees collected under paragraph (1) to the Attorney General pursuant to a schedule established by the Attorney General.
(3) ALIENS DESCRIBED.—An alien referred to in paragraph (1) is an alien who has nonimmigrant status under subparagraph (F), (J), or (M) of section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (other than a nonimmigrant under section 101(a)(15)(J) of such Act who has come to the United States as a participant in a program sponsored by the Federal Government).
(4) AMOUNT AND USE OF FEES.—
(A) ESTABLISHMENT OF AMOUNT.—The Attorney General shall establish the amount of the fee to be imposed on, and collected from, an alien under paragraph (1). Except as provided in subsection (g)(2), the fee imposed on any individual may not exceed $100. The amount of the fee shall be based on the Attorney General’s estimate of the cost per alien of conducting the information collection program described in this section.

(B) USE.—Fees collected under paragraph (1) shall be deposited as offsetting receipts into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account (established under section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act) and shall remain available until expended for the Attorney General to reimburse any appropriation the amount paid out of which is for expenses in carrying out this section.
(f) JOINT REPORT.—Not later than 4 years after the commencement of the program established under subsection (a), the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Education shall jointly submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the operations of the program and the feasibility of expanding the program to cover the nationals of all countries.
(g) WORLDWIDE APPLICABILITY OF THE PROGRAM.—
(1) EXPANSION OF PROGRAM.—