PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-290

(f) RIGHT TO ENFORCE.—The Secretary of Education or the Secretary of the Treasury, as appropriate, may request that the Attorney General bring an action in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia for the enforcement of any provision of subsection (e), or may, under the direction or control of the Attorney General, bring such an action. Such court shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance with subsection (e).

                          SEC. 603. CONNIE LEE PRIVATIZATION.

(a) STATUS OF THE CORPORATION AND CORPORATE POWERS, OBLIGATIONS NOT FEDERALLY GUARANTEED.—

(1) STATUS OF THE CORPORATION.—The Corporation shall not be an agency, instrumentality, or establishment of the United States Government, nor a Government corporation, nor a Government controlled corporation, as such terms are defined in section 103 of title 5, United States Code. No action under section 1491 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the Tucker Act) shall be allowable against the United States based on the actions of the Corporation.

(2) CORPORATE POWERS.—The Corporation shall be subject to the provisions of this section, and, to the extent not inconsistent with this section, to the District of Columbia Business Corporation Act (or the comparable law of another State, if applicable). The Corporation shall have the powers conferred upon a corporation by the District of Columbia Business Corporation Act (or other applicable State law) as from time to time in effect in order to conduct the Corporation’s affairs as a private, for-profit corporation and to carry out the Corporation’s purposes and activities incidental thereto. The Corporation shall have the power to enter into contracts, to execute instruments, to incur liabilities, to provide products and services, and to do all things as are necessary or incidental to the proper management of the Corporation’s affairs and the efficient operation of a private, for-profit business.

(3) LIMITATION ON OWNERSHIP OF STOCK.—

(A) STUDENT LOAN MARKETING ASSOCIATION.—The Student Loan Marketing Association shall not increase its share of the ownership of the Corporation in excess of 42 percent of the shares of stock of the Corporation outstanding on the date of enactment of this Act. The Student Loan Marketing Association shall not control the operation of the Corporation, except that the Student Loan Marketing Association may participate in the election of directors as a shareholder, and may continue to exercise the Student Loan Marketing Association’s right to appoint directors under section 754 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1132f-3) as long as that section is in effect.

(B) PROHIBITION.—Until such time as the Secretary of the Treasury sells the stock of the Corporation owned by the Secretary of Education pursuant to subsection (c), the Student Loan Marketing Association shall not provide financial support or guarantee to the Corporation.

(C) FINANCIAL SUPPORT OR GUARANTEES.—After the Secretary of the Treasury sells the stock of the Corporation owned by the Secretary of Education pursuant to subsection