110 STAT. 3009-95                     PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC-130 Weather Recon-
naissance mission below the levels funded in this Act.

SEC. 8033.  (a) Of the funds for the procurement of supplies
or services appropriated by this Act, qualified nonprofit agencies
for the blind or other severely handicapped shall be afforded the
maximum practicable opportunity to participate as subcontractors
and suppliers in the performance of contracts let by the Department
of Defense. 
(b) During the current fiscal year, a business concern which
has negotiated with a military service or defense agency a sub-
contracting plan for the participation by small business concerns
pursuant to section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C.
637(d)) shall be given credit toward meeting an applicable subcontesting
goal for any purchases made from qualified nonprofit agencies for
the blind or other severely handicapped. 
(c) For the purpose of this section, the phrase "qualified non-
profit agency for the blind or other severely handicapped" means
a nonprofit agency for the blind or other severely handicapped
that has been approved by the Committee for the Purchase from
the Blind and Other Severely Handicapped under the Javits-Wag-
ner-O'Day Act (41 U.S.C. 46-48). 
SEC. 8034. During the current fiscal year, net receipts pursuant
to collections from third party payers pursuant to section 1095
of title 10, United States Code, shall be made available to the
local facility of the uniformed services responsible for the collections
and shall be over and above the facility's direct budget amount.
SEC. 8035. During the current fiscal year, the Department of
Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed
$350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j of title 10,
United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only
from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided,
That, upon receipt, such contributions from the Government of
Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriation or fund which incurred 
such obligations. 
SEC. 8036. Of the funds made available in this Act, not less 
than $23,626,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol, of 
which $19,926,000 shall be available for Operation and mainte-
nance. 
SEC. 8037.  (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act 
are available to establish a new Department of Defense (depart- 
ment) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), 
either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administered by 
an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit mem- 
bership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs 
and other non-profit entities. 
(b) LIMITATION ON COMPENSATION.—No member of a Board 
of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues 
Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense 
FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, may be 
compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, 
or as a paid consultant, except under the same conditions, and 
to the same extent, as members of the Defense Science Board: 
Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously 
in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem 
as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when 
engaged in the performance of membership duties.