PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

110 STAT. 3009-302

special, and institutional libraries, and libraries serving individuals with disabilities.

"Subchapter B—Federal Requirements

"SEC. 261. SERVICES FOR INDIAN TRIBES. 20 USC 9161.

"From amounts reserved under section 221(a)(1)(A) for any fiscal year the Director shall award grants to organizations primarily serving and representing Indian tribes to enable such organizations to carry out the activities described in section 231.

"SEC. 262. NATIONAL LEADERSHIP GRANTS OR CONTRACTS. 20 USC 9162.

"(a) IN GENERAL.—From the amounts reserved under section 
221(a)(1)(B) for any fiscal year the Director shall establish and 
carry out a program awarding national leadership grants or contracts to enhance the quality of library services nationwide and 
to provide coordination between libraries and museums. Such grants 
or contracts shall be used for activities that may include—
"(1) education and training of persons in library and 
information science, particularly in areas of new technology 
and other critical needs, including graduate fellowships, 
traineeships, institutes, or other programs;
"(2) research and demonstration projects related to the improvement of libraries, education in library and information 
science, enhancement of library services through effective and 
efficient use of new technologies; and dissemination of information derived from such projects;
"(3) preservation of digitization of library materials and 
resources, giving priority to projects emphasizing coordination, 
avoidance of duplication, and access by researchers beyond 
the institution or library entity undertaking the project; and
"(4) model programs demonstrating cooperative efforts between libraries and museums.
"(b) GRANTS OR CONTRACTS.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director may carry out the activities 
described in subsection (a) by awarding grants to, or entering 
into contracts with, libraries, agencies, institutions of higher 
education, or museums, where appropriate.
"(2) COMPETITIVE BASIS.—Grants and contracts under this 
section shall be awarded on a competitive basis.
"(c) SPECIAL RULE.—The Director shall make every effort 
to ensure that activities assisted under this section are administered 
by appropriate library and museum professionals or experts.

"SEC. 263. STATE AND LOCAL INITIATIVES. 20 USC 9163.

"Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to interfere with 
State and local initiatives and responsibility in the conduct of 
library services. The administration of libraries, the selection of 
personnel and library books and materials, and insofar as consistent 
with the purposes of this subtitle, the determination of the best 
uses of the funds provided under this subtitle, shall be reserved 
for the States and their local subdivisions.

"Subtitle C—Museum Services

"SEC. 271. PURPOSE. 20 USC 9171.

"It is the purpose of this subtitle—