PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-172

supporting the development or deployment of a ballistic missile capability.
LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO MEXICO
SEC. 587. Not less than $2,500,000 of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for the Government of Mexico shall be withheld from obligation until the President has determined and reported to Congress that—
(1) the Government of Mexico is taking actions to reduce the amount of illegal drugs entering the United States from Mexico; and
(2) the Government of Mexico—
(A) is taking effective actions to apply vigorously all law enforcement resources to investigate, track, capture, incarcerate, and prosecute individuals controlling, supervising, or managing international narcotics cartels or other similar entities and the accomplices of such individuals, individuals responsible for, or otherwise involved in, corruption, and individuals involved in money-laundering;
(B) is pursuing international anti-drug trafficking initiatives;
(C) is cooperating fully with international efforts at narcotics interdiction; and
(D) is cooperating fully with requests by the United States for assistance in investigations of money-laundering violations and is making progress toward implementation of effective laws to prohibit money-laundering.

LIMITATION OF ASSISTANCE TO TURKEY
SEC. 588. Not more than $22,000,000 of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading "Economic Support Fund" may be made available to the Government of Turkey.

CIVIL LIABILITY FOR ACTS OF STATE SPONSORED TERRORISM
SEC. 589. (a) an official, employee, or agent of a foreign state designated as a state sponsor of terrorism designated under section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 while acting within the scope of his or her office, employment, or agency shall be liable to a United States national or the national's legal representative for personal injury or death caused by acts of that official, employee, or agent for which the courts of the United States may maintain jurisdiction under section 1605(a)(7) of title 28, United States Code, for money damages which may include economic damages, solatium, pain, and suffering, and punitive damages if the acts were among those described in section 1605(a)(7).
(b) Provisions related to statute of limitations and limitations on discovery that would apply to an action brought under 28 U.S.C. 1605(f) and (g) shall also apply to actions brought under this section. No action shall be maintained under this action if an official, employee, or agent of the United States, while acting within the scope of his or her office, employment, or agency would not be liable for such acts if carried out within the United States.
Titles I through V of this Act may be cited as the "Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1997".