110 STAT. 3009–355         PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

          (1) Acquisition, waste reduction, and prevention, and
     recycling programs as described in Executive Order 12873
     (October 20, 1993), including any such programs adopted prior
     to the effective date of the Executive Order.
          (2) Other Federal agency environmental management pro-
     grams, including, but not limited to, the development and
     implementation of hazardous waste management and pollution
     prevention programs.
          (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as
     deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency.

     SEC. 609. Funds made available by this or any other Act for
administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corpora-
tions and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States
Code, shall be available, in addition to objects for which such
funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia;
services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified
under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable
to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in
the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the
event any functions budgeted as administrative expenses are subse-
quently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations
on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced.

     SEC. 610. No part of any appropriation for the current fiscal
year contained in this or any other Act shall be paid to any person
for the filling of any position for which he or she has been nominated
after the Senate has voted not to approve the nomination of said
person.

40 USC 486a.      SEC. 611. For the fiscal year ending September 30, 1997, and
thereafter, any department or agency to which the Administrator
of General Services has delegated the authority to operate, maintain
or repair any building or facility pursuant to section 205(d) of
the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949,
as amended, shall retain that portion of the GSA rental payment
available for operation, maintenance or repair of the building or
facility, as determined by the Administrator, and expend such funds
directly for the operation, maintenance or repair of the building
or facility. Any funds retained under this section shall remain
available until expended for such purposes.

     SEC. 612. (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1306 of title 31, United
States Code, is amended to read as follows:

     ‘‘§ 1306. Use of foreign credits

          ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Foreign credits (including currencies) owed
     to or owned by the United States may be used by any agency
     for any purpose for which appropriations are made for the agency
     for the current fiscal year (including the carrying out of Acts requir-
     ing or authorizing the use of such credits), but only when reimburse-
     ment therefor is made to the Treasury from applicable appropria-
     tions of the agency.
          ‘‘(b) EXCEPTION TO REIMBURSEMENT REQUIREMENT.—Credits
     described in subsection (a) that are received as exchanged allow-
     ances, or as the proceeds of the sale of personal property, may
     be used in whole or partial payment for the acquisition of similar
     items, to the extent and in the manner authorized by law, without
     reimbursement to the Treasury.’’.

31 USC 1306
note.