110 STAT. 3009-669   PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

for investigators for violations of sections 274 and 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, see section 131 of this division.

SEC. 414. REPORTS ON EARNINGS OF ALIENS NOT AUTHORIZED TO WORK.   
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (c) of section 290 (8 U.S.C. 1360) is amended to read as follows:
    ‘‘(c)(1) Not later than 3 months after the end of each fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 1996), the Commissioner of Social Security shall report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the aggregate quantity of social security account numbers issued to aliens not authorized to be employed, with respect to which, in such fiscal year, earnings were reported to the Social Security Administration.
     ‘‘(2) If earnings are reported on or after January 1, 1997, to the Social Security Administration on a social security account number issued to an alien not authorized to work in the United States, the Commissioner of Social Security shall provide the Attorney General with information regarding the name and address of the alien, the name and address of the person reporting the earnings, and the amount of the earnings. The information shall be provided in an electronic form agreed upon by the Commissioner and the Attorney General.’’. 
 
(b) REPORT ON FRAUDULENT USE OF SOCIAL SECURITY ACCOUNT NUMBERS.—The Commissioner of Social Security shall transmit to the Attorney General, by not later than 3 months after the end of the enactment of this Act, a report on the extent to which social security account numbers and cards are used by aliens for fraudulent purposes.

SEC. 415. AUTHORIZING MAINTENANCE OF CERTAIN INFORMATION ON ALIENS.
    Section 264 (8 U.S.C. 1304) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
    ‘‘(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Attorney General is authorized to require any alien to provide the alien’s social security account number for purposes of inclusion in any record of the alien maintained by the Attorney General or the Service.’’. 

SEC. 416.  SUBPOENA AUTHORITY.    
    Section 274A(e)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1324a(e)(2)) is amended— 
    (1) by striking “and" at the end of subparagraph (A); 
    (2) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting “; and"; and 
    (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: 
        “(C) immigration officers designated by the Commissioner may compel by subpoena the attendance of witnesses and the production of evidence at any designated place prior to the filing of a complaint in a case under paragraph(2).’’. 