PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996	110 STAT. 3009-554

and 2001, may increase by 300 the number of positions for personnel in support of border patrol agents above the number of such posi- tions for which funds were allotted for the preceding fiscal year.
(c) DEPLOYMENT OF BORDER PATROL AGENTS.—The Attorney General shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that additional border patrol agents shall be deployed among Immigra- tion and Naturalization Service sectors along the border in propor- tion to the level of illegal crossing of the borders of the United States measured in each sector during the preceding fiscal year and reasonably anticipated in the next fiscal year.
(d) FORWARD DEPLOYMENT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.— The Attorney General shall forward deploy existing border patrol agents in those areas of the border identified as areas of high illegal entry into the United States in order to provide a uniform and visible deterrent to illegal entry on a continuing basis. The previous sentence shall not apply to border patrol agents located at checkpoints.
(2) PRESERVATION OF LAW ENFORCEMENT FUNCTIONS AND CAPABILITIES IN INTERIOR STATES.—The Attorney General shall, when deploying border patrol personnel from interior stations to border stations, coordinate with, and act in conjunction with, State and local law enforcement agencies to ensure that such deployment does not degrade or compromise the law enforce- ment capabilities and functions currently performed at interior border patrol stations.
(3) REPORT.—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representa- tives and of the Senate a report on—
(A) the progress and effectiveness of the forward deployment under paragraph (1); and
(B) the measures taken to comply with paragraph (2).

SEC. 102. IMPROVEMENT OF BARRIERS AT BORDER.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization, shall take such actions as may be necessary to install additional physical barriers and roads (including the removal of obstacles to detection of illegal entrants) in the vicinity of the United States border to deter illegal crossings in areas of high illegal entry into the United States.
(b) CONSTRUCTION OF FENCING AND ROAD IMPROVEMENTS IN THE BORDER AREA NEAR SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out subsection (a), the Attor- ney General shall provide for the construction along the 14 miles of the international land border of the United States, starting at the Pacific Ocean and extending eastward, of second and third fences, in addition to the existing reinforced fence, and for roads between the fences.
(2) PROMPT ACQUISITION OF NECESSARY EASEMENTS.—The Attorney General, acting under the authority conferred in sec- tion 103(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (as inserted by subsection (d)), shall promptly acquire such easements as may be necessary to carry out this subsection and shall com- mence construction of fences immediately following such acquisition (or conclusion of portions thereof).