PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–66

President has not submitted to the Congress such a recommendation.
    SEC. 611. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used to provide the following amenities or personal comforts in the Federal prison system—
        (1) in-cell television viewing except for prisoners who are segregated from the general prison population for their own safety;
        (2) the viewing of R, X, and NC–17 rated movies, through whatever medium presented;
        (3) any instruction (live or through broadcasts) or training equipment for boxing, wrestling, judo, karate, or other martial art, or any body building or weightlifting equipment of any sort;
        (4) possession of in-cell coffee pots, hot plates, or heating elements; or
        (5) the use or possession of any electric or electronic musical instrument.
    SEC. 612. None of the funds made available in title II for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) under the heading “Fleet Modernization, Shipbuilding and Conversion” may be used to implement sections 603, 604, and 605 of Public Law 102–567: Provided, That NOAA may develop a modernization plan for its fisheries research vessels that takes fully into account opportunities for contracting for fisheries surveys.
    SEC. 613. Any costs incurred by a Department or agency funded under this Act resulting from personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available to such Department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 605 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section.
    SEC. 614. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Federal Bureau of Prisons may be used to distribute or make available any commercially published information or material to a prisoner when it is made known to the Federal official having authority to obligate or expend such funds that such information or material is sexually explicit or features nudity.
    SEC. 615. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading “OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS—STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE” and “Community Oriented Policing Services Program”, not more than ninety percent of the amount to be awarded to an entity under the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant and part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 shall be made available to such an entity when it is made known to the Federal official having the authority to obligate or expend such funds that the entity that employs a public safety officer (as such term is defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968) does not provide such a public safety officer who retires or is separated from service due to injury suffered as the direct and proximate result of a personal injury sustained in the