PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-748

DIVISION E

TITLE I—CALIFORNIA BAY-DELTA ENVIRONMENTAL ENHANCEMENT AND WATER SECURITY ACT

SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE.

This title may be cited as the “California Bay-Delta Environmental Enhancement and Water Security Act.”

SEC. 102. PROGRAM FUNDING.

(a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—For each of the fiscal years 1998, 1999 and 2000, there are authorized to be appropriated an additional $143,300,000 for both (1) the initial Federal share of the cost of developing and implementing that portion of an ecosystem protection plan for the Bay-Delta, referred to as “the Category III program” emanating out of the document entitled “Principles for Agreement on Bay-Delta Standards Between the State of California and the Federal Government,” dated December 15, 1994, and, (2) the initial Federal share of the cost of developing and implementing the ecosystem restoration elements of the longterm CALFED Bay-Delta Program, pursuant to the cost-sharing agreement required by Section 78684.10 of California Senate Bill 900, Chapter 135, Statutes of 1996, signed by the Governor of California on July 11, 1996. Funds appropriated pursuant to this section shall remain available until expended and shall be administered in accordance with procedures established by CALFED Bay-Delta Program until Congress authorizes another entity that is recommended by CALFED Bay-Delta Program to carry out this authority.

(b) Funds authorized to be appropriated pursuant to this section to those agencies that are currently or subsequently become participants in the CALFED Bay-Delta Program shall be in addition to the baseline funding levels established pursuant to section 103 of this title, for currently authorized projects and programs under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, Title 34 of Public Law 102–575 and other currently authorized Federal programs for the purpose of Bay-Delta ecosystem protection and restoration.

(c) Nothing in this title shall be deemed to diminish the Federal interest in and responsibility for working with the State of California through the CALFED Bay-Delta Program in developing, funding and implementing a balanced, long-term solution to the problems of ecosystem quality, water quality, water supply and reliability, and system vulnerability affecting the San Francisco Bay/Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta Watershed in California. Participation in such long-term solution shall only be undertaken pursuant to authorization provided by law other than this title, and shall be based on the equitable allocation of program costs among beneficiary groups that the CALFED Bay-Delta programs shall develop.

(d) To the extent not otherwise authorized, those agencies and departments that are currently or subsequently become participants in the CALFED Bay-Delta Program are hereby authorized to undertake the activities and programs for which Federal cost sharing is provided by this section. The United States shall immediately initiate coordinated consultations and negotiations with the State