110 STAT. 3009–703         PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

    “(A) IN GENERAL.—If the Attorney General determines 
    at the end of the probationary period described in para-
    graph (1)(B) that the program country placed in probation-
    ary status under such paragraph has failed to develop 
    a machine-readable passport program as required by sec-
    tion (c)(2)(C), or has a disqualification rate of 2 percent 
    or more, the Attorney General shall terminate the designa-
    tion of the country as a pilot program country. If the 
    Attorney General determines that the program country 
    has developed a machine-readable passport program and 
    has a disqualification rate of less than 2 percent, the Attor-
    ney General shall redesignate the country as a pilot pro-
    gram country.
    
        “(B) EFFECTIVE DATE.—A termination of the designa-
    tion of a country under subparagraph (A) shall take effect 
    on the first day of the first fiscal year following the fiscal 
    year in which the determination under such subparagraph 
    is made. Until such date, nationals of the country shall 
    remain eligible for a waiver under subsection (a).
        “(3) INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS.—Paragraph 
    (1)(C) shall not apply unless the total number of nationals 
    of a pilot program country described in paragraph (4)(A) exceeds 
    100.
        “(4) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this subsection, the term 
    ‘disqualification rate’ means the percentage which—
            “(A) the total number of nationals of the pilot program 
         country who were—
                “(i) excluded from admission or withdrew their 
            application for admission during the most recent fiscal 
            year for which data are available; and 
                ‘‘(ii) admitted as nonimmigrant visitors during 
            such fiscal year and who violated the terms of such 
            admission; bears to
            “(B) the total number of nationals of such country 
         who applied for admission as nonimmigrant visitors during 
         such fiscal year.”
         (2) TRANSITION.—A country designated as a pilot program 
    country with probationary status under section 217(g) of the 
    Immigration and Nationality Act (as in effect on the day before 
    the date of the enactment of this Act) shall be considered 
    to be designated as a pilot program country on and after such 
    date, subject to placement in probationary status or termination 
    of such designation under such section (as amended by para-
    graph (1)).
        (3) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 217(a)(2)(B) (8 
    U.S.C. 1187(a)(2)(B)) is amended by striking “or” and inserting 
    “subsection (g).” and inserting a period.

8 USC 1187 note.

8 USC 1153 note.

    SEC. 636. FEE FOR DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT LOTTERY. 
        The Secretary of State may establish a fee to be paid by 
    each applicant for an immigrant visa described in section 203(c) 
    of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Such fee may be set at 
    a level that will ensure recovery of the cost to the Department 
    of State of allocating visas under such section, including the cost 
    of processing all applications thereunder. All fees collected under 
    this section shall be used for providing consular services. All fees 
    collected under this section shall be deposited as an offsetting