110 STAT. 3009-525           PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

part of, as appropriate, Opal Creek Wilderness or the Opal Creek Scenic Recreation Area.
      (2) On acquiring all or substantially all of the land located in section 36, township 8 south, range 4 east, of the Willamette Meridian, Marion County, Oregon, commonly known as the Rosboro section, by exchange, purchase from a willing seller, or by donation, the Secretary shall expand the boundary of the Scenic Recreation Area to include such land.
      (3) On acquiring all or substantially all of the land located in section 18, township 8 south, range 5 east, Marion County, Oregon, commonly known as the Times Mirror property, by exchange, purchase from a willing seller, or by donation, such land shall be included in and become a part of the Opal Creek Wilderness.

SEC. 105. ADMINISTRATION OF THE SCENIC RECREATION AREA.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall administer the Scenic Recreation Area in accordance with this title and the laws (including regulations) applicable to the National Forest System.
(b) OPAL CREEK MANAGEMENT PLAN.—
      (1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years after the date of establishment of the Scenic Recreation Area, the Secretary, in consultation with the advisory committee established under section 106(a), shall prepare a comprehensive Opal Creek Management Plan (Management Plan) for the Scenic Recreation Area.
      (2) INCORPORATION IN LAND AND RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLAN.—Upon its completion, the Opal Creek Management Plan shall become part of the land and resource management plan for the Willamette National Forest and supersede any conflicting provision in such land and resource management plan. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to supersede the requirements of the Endangered Species Act or the National Forest Management Act or regulations promulgated under those Acts, or any other law.
      (3) REQUIREMENTS.—The Opal Creek Management Plan shall provide for a broad range of land uses, including—
           (A) recreation;
           (B) harvesting of nontraditional forest products, such as gathering mushrooms and material to make baskets; and
           (C) educational and research opportunities.
      (4) PLAN AMENDMENTS.—The Secretary may amend the Opal Creek Management Plan as the Secretary may determine to be necessary, consistent with the procedures and purposes of this title.
(c) RECREATION.—
      (1) RECOGNITION.—Congress recognizes recreation as an appropriate use of the Scenic Recreation Area.
      (2) MINIMUM LEVELS.—The management plan shall permit recreation activities at not less than the levels in existence on the date of enactment of this title.
      (3) HIGHER LEVELS.—The management plan may provide for levels of recreation use higher than the levels in existence on the date of enactment of this title if such uses are consistent with the protection of the resource values of Scenic Recreation Area.