110 STAT. 3009-381    PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

39 USC 2802 note.

“(b) Compensation and benefits for all officers and employees serving in or under the Office of Inspector General of the United States Postal Service shall be maintained on a standard of comparability to the compensation and benefits paid for comparable levels of work in the respective Offices of Inspector General of the various establishments named in section 11(2) (d) of the Inspector General Act of 1978. 

“(c) Compensation and benefits for all Postal Inspectors shall be maintained on a standard of comparability to the compensation and benefits paid for comparable levels of work in the executive branch of the Government outside of the Postal Service. As used in this subsection, the term ‘Postal Inspector’ included any agent to whom any investigative powers are granted under section 3061 of title 18.”

(B) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The first sentence of section 1003(a) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking “chapters 2 and 12 of this title” and inserting “chapters 2 and 12 of this title, section 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1978,”.

(d) STRATEGIC PLANS.—
(1) OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Strategic plans shall be prepared under this paragraph addressing staffing requirements, general goals and objectives for major functions and operations of the Office of Inspector General of the United States Postal Service, and how the goals and objectives of the Office are to be achieved, including a description of operational processes, skills and technology, and the human, capital, information, and other resources required to meet those goals and objectives.
(B) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS.—Plans under this paragraph—
(i) shall be prepared by the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service;
(ii) shall each cover a 5-year period (the beginning and ending dates of which shall be specified in each such plan); and
(iii) shall be included, as part of the annual budget required under section 2009 of title 39, United States Code, at least every 3 years.
(C) FIRST SUBMISSION.—The first plan under this paragraph shall be prepared in time to be included with the annual budget under section 2009 of title 39, United States Code, next due to be submitted after the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the appointment of the first Inspector General to be appointed pursuant to the amendments made by this section.
(2) POSTAL INSPECTION SERVICE.—The Chief Postal Inspector shall, with respect to the Postal Inspection Service, prepare a strategic plan similar in content to that required under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to the Office of Inspector General of the United States Postal Service. Such plan shall be prepared in time to be included with the annual budget under section 2009 of such title 39 next due to be submitted after the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.