110 STAT. 3009-713 PUBLIC LAW 104-208-SEPT. 30, 1996

(2) the extent of marriage fraud in such marriages, including an estimate of the extent of marriage fraud arising from the services provided by international matchmaking organizations;

(3) the extent to which mail-order spouses utilize section 244(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (providing for suspension of deportation in certain cases involving abuse), or section 204(a)(1)(A)(iii) of such Act (providing for certain aliens who have been abused to file a classification petition on their own behalf);

(4) the extent of domestic abuse in mail-order marriages; and

(5) the need for continued or expanded regulation and education to implement the objectives of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 and the Immigration Marriage Fraud Amendments of 1986 with respect to mail-order marriages.
(d) REPORT.-Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate setting forth the results of the study conducted under subsection (c). 
(e) DEFINITIONS.-As used in this section:
(1) INTERNATIONAL MATCHMAKING ORGANIZATION.- 
(A) IN GENERAL.- The term “international matchmaking organization” means a corporation, partnership, business, or other legal entity, whether or not organized under the laws of the United States or any State, that does business in the United States and for profit offers to United States citizens or aliens lawfully admitted for permanent residence, dating, matrimonial, or social referral services to nonresident noncitizens, by—
(i) an exchange of names, telephone numbers, addresses, or statistics; 
(ii) selection of photographs; or 
(iii) a social environment provided by the organization in a country other than the United States.
(B) EXCEPTION.—Such term does not include a traditional matchmaking organization of a religious nature that otherwise operates in compliance with the laws of the countries of the recruits of such organization and the laws of the United States. 
(2) RECRUIT.—The term "recruit" means a noncitizen, nonresident person, recruited by the international matchmaking organization for the purpose of providing dating, matrimonial, or social referral services to United States citizens or aliens lawfully admitted for permanent residence.

SEC. 635. REVIEW AND REPORT ON H–2A NONIMMIGRANT WORKERS PROGRAM.
(a) SENSE OF THE CONGRESS.—It is the sense of the Congress that the H–2A nonimmigrant worker program should be reviewed and may need improvement in order to meet the need of producers of labor-intensive agricultural commodities and livestock in the United States for an adequate workforce.
(b) REVIEW.—The Comptroller General shall review the effectiveness of the H–2A nonimmigrant worker program to ensure that the program provides a sufficient supply of agricultural labor