110 STAT. 3009-145        PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

debt repayment (interest and principal) from Israel to the United States Government in recognition that such a principle serves United States interests in the region.

PROHIBITION ON FUNDING FOR ABORTIONS AND INVOLUNTARY STERILIZATION

SEC. 518. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of abortions as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of involuntary sterilization as a method of family planning or to coerce or provide any financial incentive to any person to undergo sterilizations. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for any biomedical research which relates in whole or in part, to methods of, or the performance of, abortions or involuntary sterilization as a means of family planning. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be obligated or expended for any country or organization if the President certifies that the use of these funds by any such country or organization would violate any of the above provisions related to abortions and involuntary sterilizations: Provided. That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to lobby for or against abortion.

AUTHORIZATION FOR POPULATION PLANNING

SEC. 518A. (a) None of the funds made available in title II of this Act for population planning activities or other population assistance pursuant to section 104(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act or any other provision of law may be obligated or expended prior to July 1, 1997.
     (b) Not to exceed $385,000,000 of the funds appropriated in title II of this Act may be made available for population planning activities or other population assistance.
     (c) Such funds may be apportioned only on a monthly basis, and such monthly apportionments may not exceed 8 percent of the total available for such activities.
     (d) Not later than February 1, 1997, the President shall submit a finding to the Congress regarding the impact of the limitation on obligations imposed by subsection (a) of this section on the proper functioning of the population planning program. If such Presidential finding indicates that the limitation is having a negative impact on the proper functioning of the population planning program, funds for population planning activities and other population assistance referred to in subsection (a) may be made available beginning March 1, 1997, notwithstanding the July 1, 1997, limitation set forth in subsection (a), if the Congress approves such finding by adoption of a joint resolution of approval not later than February 28, 1997, in accordance with subsection (e).
     (e) CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW PROCEDURE.—
          (1) This subsection is enacted by Congress—
                 (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the House of Representatives and the Senate, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House,