PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-562

SEC. 124. TRAINING OF AIRLINE PERSONNEL IN DETECTION OF FRAUDULENT DOCUMENTS.
(a) USE OF FUNDS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 286(h)(2)(A) (8 U.S.C. 1356(h)(2)(A)) is amended—
(A) in clause (iv), by inserting ", including training of, and technical assistance to, commercial airline personnel regarding such detection" after "United States"; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following:
"The Attorney General shall provide for expenditures for training and assistance described in clause (iv) in an amount, for any fiscal year, not less than 5 percent of the total of the expenses incurred that are described in the previous sentence.".
(2) APPLICABILITY.—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply to expenses incurred during or after fiscal year 1997.
8 USC 1356 note.
(b) COMPLIANCE WITH DETECTION REGULATIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 212(f) (8 U.S.C. 1182(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: "Whenever the Attorney General finds that a commercial airline has failed to comply with regulations of the Attorney General relating to requirements of airlines for the detection of fraudulent documents used by passengers traveling to the United States (including the training of personnel in such detection), the Attorney General may suspend the entry of some or all aliens transported to the United States by such airline.".
(2) DEADLINE.—The Attorney General shall first issue, in proposed form, regulations referred to in the second sentence of section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by the amendment made by paragraph (1), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.

8 USC 1182 note.

SEC. 125. PRECLEARANCE AUTHORITY.
Section 103(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C.
1103(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
"After consultation with the Secretary of State, the Attorney General may authorize officers of a foreign country to be stationed at preclearance facilities in the United States for the purpose of ensuring that persons traveling from or through the United States to that foreign country comply with that country's immigration and related laws. Those officers may exercise such authority and perform such duties as United States immigration officers are authorized to exercise and perform in that foreign country under reciprocal agreement, and they shall enjoy such reasonable privileges and immunities necessary for the performance of their duties as the government of their country extends to United States immigration officers.".

Subtitle C—Interior Enforcement

SEC. 131. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR INCREASE IN NUMBER OF CERTAIN INVESTIGATORS.
(a) AUTHORIZATION.—There are authorized to be appropriated such funds as may be necessary to enable the Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization to increase the number of investigators and support personnel to investigate potential violations