PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–268

LIMITATION ON THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

     For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General for audit, investigatory, and review activities, as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, not more than $5,404,000, to be derived from the railroad retirement accounts and railroad unemployment insurance account: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to the Office from the Department of Health and Human Services, or used to carry out any such transfer: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this paragraph may be used for any audit, investigation, or review of the Medicare program.

UNITED STATES INSTITUTE OF PEACE

OPERATING EXPENSES

     For necessary expenses of the United States Institute of Peace as authorized in the United States Institute of Peace Act, $11,160,000.

TITLE V—GENERAL PROVISIONS

     SEC. 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are authorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts corresponding to current appropriations provided in this Act: Provided, That such transferred balances are used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated.
     SEC. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein.
     SEC. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, for the preparation, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, radio, television, or video presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress itself or any State legislature, except in presentation to the Congress or any State legislative body itself.
         (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence legislation or appropriations pending before the Congress or any State legislature.
     SEC. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Education are each authorized to make available not to exceed $15,000 from funds available for salaries and expenses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation expenses; the Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $2,500 from the funds available for “Salaries and expenses, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service”; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $2,500 from funds available for “Salaries and expenses, National Mediation Board”.