PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-710 

(2) was inspected and granted parole into the United States during the period beginning on November 1, 1989, and ending on December 31, 1991, after being denied refugee status.

(3) WAIVER OF CERTAIN GROUNDS FOR INADMISSIBILITY.—The provisions of paragraphs (4), (5), and (7)(A) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act shall not apply to adjustment of status under this section and the Attorney General may waive any other provision of such section (other than paragraph (2)(C) and subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), or (E) of paragraph (3)) with respect to such an adjustment for humanitarian purposes, to assure family unity, or when it is otherwise in the public interest.

(4) DATE OF APPROVAL.—Upon the approval of such an application for adjustment of status, the Attorney General shall create a record of the alien’s admission as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence as of the date of the alien’s inspection and parole described in subsection (b)(2). 

(e) NO OFFSET IN NUMBER OF VISAS AVAILABLE.—When an alien is granted the status of having been lawfully admitted for permanent residence under this section, the Secretary of State shall not be required to reduce the number of immigrant visas authorized to be issued under the Immigration and Nationality Act.

SEC. 647. SUPPORT OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General shall make available funds to be used for, in each of fiscal years 1997 through 2001, to the Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization or to other public or private nonprofit entities to support demonstration projects under this section at 10 sites throughout the United States. Each such project shall be designed to provide for the administration of the oath of allegiance under section 337(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act on a business day around Independence Day to approximately 500 people whose application for naturalization has been approved. Each project shall provide for appropriate outreach and ceremonial and celebratory activities.

(b) SELECTION OF SITES.—The Attorney General shall, in the Attorney General’s discretion, select diverse locations for sites on the basis of the number of naturalization applicants living in proximity to each site and the degree of local community participation and support in the project to be held at the site. Not more than 2 sites may be located in the same State. The Attorney General shall consider changing the sites selected from year to year.

(c) AMOUNTS AVAILABLE; USE OF FUNDS.—

(1) AMOUNT.—The amount made available under this section with respect to any single site for a year shall not exceed $5,000.

(2) USE.—Funds made available under this section may be used only to cover expenses incurred in carrying out oath administration ceremonies at the demonstration sites under subsection (a), including expenses for—

(A) cost of personnel of the Immigration and Naturalization Service (including travel and overtime expenses);

(B) rental of space; and

(C) costs of printing appropriate brochures and other information about the ceremonies.