PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996        110 STAT. 3009-584


                ‘‘(A) to detain the alien on the vessel or at the airport of arrival, and

                ‘‘(B) to deliver the alien to an immigration officer for inspection or to a medical officer for examination.

        ‘‘(3) ADMINISTRATION OF OATH AND CONSIDERATION OF EVI-
        DENCE.—The Attorney General and any immigration officer shall have power to administer oaths and to take and consider evidence of or from any person touching the privilege of any alien or person he believes or suspects to be an alien to enter, reenter, transit through, or reside in the United States or concerning any matter which is material and relevant to the enforcement of this Act and the administration of the Service.

        ‘‘(4) SUBPOENA AUTHORITY.—(A) The Attorney General and any immigration officer shall have power to require by subpoena the attendance and testimony of witnesses before immigration officers and the production of books, papers, and documents relating to the privilege of any person to enter, reenter, reside in, or pass through the United States or concerning any matter which is material and relevant to the enforcement of this Act and the administration of the Service, and to that end may invoke the aid of any court of the United States.

        ‘‘(B) Any United States district court within the jurisdiction of which investigations or inquiries are being conducted by an immigration officer may, in the event of neglect or refusal to respond to a subpoena issued under this paragraph or refusal to testify before an immigration officer, issue an order requiring such persons to appear before an immigration officer, produce books, papers, and documents if demanded, and testify, and any failure to obey such order of the court may be punished by the court as a contempt thereof.’’.

(b) GAO STUDY ON OPERATION OF EXPEDITED REMOVAL PROCE-
DURES.—

        (1) STUDY.—The Comptroller General shall conduct a study on the implementation of the expedited removal procedures under section 235(b)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by subsection (a). The study shall examine—

                (A) the effectiveness of such procedures in deterring illegal entry,

                (B) the detention and adjudication resources saved as a result of the procedures,

                (C) the administrative and other costs expended to comply with the provision,

                (D) the effectiveness of such procedures in processing asylum claims by undocumented aliens who assert a fear of persecution, including the accuracy of credible fear determinations, and

                (E) the cooperation of other countries and air carriers in accepting and returning aliens removed under such procedures.

        (2) REPORT.—By not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            8 USC 1225 note.