110 STAT. 3009–611 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(3) CHALLENGES ON VALIDITY OF THE SYSTEM.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Judicial review of determinations under section 235(b) and its implementation is available in an action instituted in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, but shall be limited to determinations of—
“(i) whether such section, or any regulation issued to implement such section, is constitutional; or
“(ii) whether such a regulation, or a written policy directive, written policy guideline, or written procedure issued by or under the authority of the Attorney General to implement such section, is not consistent with applicable provisions of this title or is otherwise in violation of law.
“(B) DEADLINES FOR BRINGING ACTIONS.—Any action instituted under this paragraph must be filed no later than 60 days after the date the challenged section, regulation, directive, guideline, or procedure described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) is first implemented.
“(C) NOTICE OF APPEAL.—A notice of appeal of an order issued by the District Court under this paragraph may be filed not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of such order.
“(D) EXPEDITIOUS CONSIDERATION OF CASES.—It shall be the duty of the District Court, the Court of Appeals, and the Supreme Court of the United States to advance on the docket and to expedite to the greatest practicable extent the disposition of any case considered under this paragraph.
“(4) DECISION.—In any case where the court determines that the petitioner—
“(A) is an alien who was not ordered removed under section 235(b)(1), or
“(B) has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that the alien is an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence, has been admitted as a refugee under section 207, or has been granted asylum under section 208, the court may order no remedy or relief other than to require that the petitioner be provided a hearing in accordance with section 240. Any alien who is provided a hearing under section 240 pursuant to this paragraph may thereafter obtain judicial review of any resulting final order of removal pursuant to subsection (a)(1).
“(5) SCOPE OF INQUIRY.—In determining whether an alien has been ordered removed under section 235(b)(1), the court’s inquiry shall be limited to whether such an order in fact was issued and whether it relates to the petitioner. There shall be no review of whether the alien is actually inadmissible or entitled to any relief from removal.
“(f) LIMIT ON INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Regardless of the nature of the action or claim or of the identity of the party or parties bringing the action, no court (other than the Supreme Court) shall have jurisdiction or authority to enjoin or restrain the operation of the provisions of chapter 4 of title II, as amended by the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, other than with respect to the application of such