110 STAT. 3009–719        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

Transportation shall make grants to States to assist them
in issuing driver’s licenses and other comparable identification
documents that satisfy the requirements under such paragraph.

    (3) EFFECTIVE DATES.—
        (A) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided in this
        paragraph, this subsection shall take effect on the date
        of the enactment of this Act.
        (B) PROHIBITION ON FEDERAL AGENCIES.—Subpara-
        graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall take effect begin-
        ning on October 1, 2000, but shall apply only to licenses 
        or documents issued to an individual for the first time 
        and to replacement or renewal licenses or documents issued 
        according to State law.

    (c) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services
shall submit a report to the Congress on ways to reduce the fraudu-
lent obtaining and the fraudulent use of birth certificates, including
any such use to obtain a social security account number or a 
State or Federal document related to identification or immigration.

    (d) FEDERAL AGENCY DEFINED.—For purposes of this section,
the term “Federal agency” means any of the following:
        (1) An Executive agency (as defined in section 105 of title
        5, United States Code).
        (2) A military department (as defined in section 102 of
        such title).
        (3) An agency in the legislative branch of the Government
        of the United States.
        (4) An agency in the judicial branch of the Government
        of the United States.

42 USC 405 note. SEC. 657. DEVELOPMENT OF PROTOTYPE OF COUNTERFEIT-RESIST-
     ANT SOCIAL SECURITY CARD.

    (a) DEVELOPMENT.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Commissioner of Social Security (in
        this section referred to as the “Commissioner”) shall, in accord-
        ance with the provisions of this section, develop a prototype
        of a counterfeit-resistant social security card. Such prototype
        card—
            (A) shall be made of a durable, tamper-resistant mate-
            rial such as plastic or polyester;
            (B) shall employ technologies that provide security fea-
            tures, such as magnetic stripes, holograms, and integrated
            circuits; and
            (C) shall be developed so as to provide individuals
            with reliable proof of citizenship or legal resident alien
            status.
        (2) ASSISTANCE BY ATTORNEY GENERAL.—The Attorney Gen-
        eral shall provide such information and assistance as the
        Commissioner deems necessary to achieve the purposes of this
        section.
    (b) STUDIES AND REPORTS.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General and the
        Commissioner of Social Security shall each conduct a study,
        and issue a report to the Congress, that examines different
        methods of improving the social security card application proc-
        ess.