PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996
110 STAT. 3009-442

“(i) a statement that the reinvestigation is com pleted;
“(ii) a consumer report that is based upon the consumer’s file as that file is revised as a result of the reinvestigation;
“(iii) a notice that, if requested by the consumer, a description of the procedure used to determine the accuracy and completeness of the information shall be provided to the consumer by the agency, including the business name and address of any furnisher of information contacted in connection with such informa tion and the telephone number of such furnisher, if reasonably available;
“(iv) a notice that the consumer has the right to add a statement to the consumer’s file disputing the accuracy or completeness of the information; and
“(v) a notice that the consumer has the right to request under subsection (d) that the consumer report ing agency furnish notifications under that subsection.

“(7) DESCRIPTION OF REINVESTIGATION PROCEDURE.—A consumer reporting agency shall provide to a consumer a description referred to in paragraph (6)(B)(iv) by not later than 15 days after receiving a request from the consumer for that description.
“(8) EXPEDITED DISPUTE RESOLUTION.—If a dispute regard ing an item of information in a consumer’s file at a consumer reporting agency is resolved in accordance with paragraph (5)(A) by the deletion of the disputed information by not later than 3 business days after the date on which the agency receives notice of the dispute from the consumer in accordance with paragraph (1)(A), then the agency shall not be required to comply with paragraphs (2), (6), and (7) with respect to that dispute if the agency—
“(A) provides prompt notice of the deletion to the consumer by telephone;
“(B) includes in that notice, or in a written notice that accompanies a confirmation and consumer report pro vided in accordance with subparagraph (C), a statement of the consumer’s right to request under subsection (d) that the agency furnish notifications under that subsection; and
“(C) provides written confirmation of the deletion and a copy of a consumer report on the consumer that is based on the consumer’s file after the deletion, not later than 5 business days after making the deletion.’’.
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 611(d) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681i(d)) is amended by striking “The consumer reporting agency shall clearly’’ and all that follows through then end of the subsection.

SEC. 2410. CHARGES FOR CERTAIN DISCLOSURES.
Section 612 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681j) is amended to read as follows:
SEC. 612. CHARGES FOR CERTAIN DISCLOSURES.
(a) REASONABLE CHARGES ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN DISCLO SURES.—
