110 STAT. 3009–571        PUBLIC LAW 104–208–SEPT. 30, 1996



    (A) by inserting “or with respect to” after “issued to”;
    (B) by adding before the period at the end the following:
 “or obtaining a benefit under this Act”; and
    (C) by striking the period at the end and inserting 
“, or”; and
    (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs:

    “(5) to prepare, file, or assist another in preparing or filing, 
    any application for benefits under this Act, or any document 
    required under this Act, or any document submitted in connection with such application or document, with knowledge or 
    in reckless disregard of the fact that such application or document was falsely made or, in whole or in part, does not relate 
    to the person on whose behalf it was or is being submitted, 
    or 

    “(6)(A) to present before boarding a common carrier for 
    the purpose of coming to the United States a document which 
    relates to the alien’s eligibility to enter the United States, 
    and (B) to fail to present such document to an immigration 
    officer upon arrival at a United States port of entry.”; 

    (b) DEFINITION OF FALSELY MAKE.—Section 274C(f) (8 U.S.C. 
    1324c), as amended by section 213 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:

    “(f) FALSELY MAKE.—For purposes of this section, the term 
    `falsely make’ means to prepare or provide an application or document, with knowledge or in reckless disregard of the fact that 
    the application or document contains a false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or material representation, or has no basis in 
    fact, or otherwise fails to state a fact which is material to the 
    purpose for which it was submitted.”.

    (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 274C(d)(3) (8 U.S.C. 
    1324c(d)(3)) is amended by striking “each document used, accepted, or created and each instance of use, acceptance, or creation” each
    place it appears and inserting “each document that is the subject 
    of a violation under subsection (a)”.

    (d) WAIVER BY ATTORNEY GENERAL.—Section 274C(d) (8 U.S.C. 
    1324c(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new 
    paragraph:

    “(7) WAIVER BY ATTORNEY GENERAL.—The Attorney General 
    may waive the penalties imposed by this section with respect 
    to an alien who knowingly violates subsection (a)(6) if the 
    alien is granted asylum under section 208 or withholding of 
    deportation under section 243(h).”.

    (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 274C(f) of the Immigration and 
    Nationality Act, as added by subsection (b), applies to the preparation of applications before, on, or after the date of the enactment 
    of this Act.

SEC. 213. NEW CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO DISCLOSE ROLE 
          AS PREPARER OF FALSE APPLICATION FOR IMMIGRATION BENEFITS.

    Section 274C (8 U.S.C. 1324c) is amended by adding at the 
end the following new subsection:
    “(e) CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO DISCLOSE ROLE AS DOCUMENT PREPARER.—(1) Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the Service, knowingly and willfully fails to disclose, 
    conceals, or covers up the fact that they have, on behalf of any 
    person and for a fee or other remuneration, prepared or assisted