110 STAT. 3009-347       PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(1) The authority of the special police officers of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, in the Washington, DC Metropolitan area, extends to buildings and land under the custody and control of the Bureau; to buildings and land acquired by or for the Bureau through lease, unless otherwise provided by the acquisition agency; to the streets, sidewalks and open areas immediately adjacent to the Bureau along Wallenberg Place (15th Street) and 14th Street between Independence and Maine Avenues and C and D Streets between 12th and 14th Streets; to areas which include surrounding parking facilities used by Bureau employees, including the lots at 12th and C Streets, SW, Maine Avenue and Water Streets, SW, Maiden Lane, the Tidal Basin and East Potomac Park; to the protection in transit of United States securities, plates and dies used in the production of United States securities, or other products or implements of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing which the Director of that agency so designates.

(2) The authority of the special police officers of the United States Mint extends to the buildings and land under the custody and control of the Mint; to the streets, sidewalks and open areas in the vicinity to such facilities; to surrounding parking facilities used by Mint employees; and to the protection in transit of bullion, coins, dies, and other property and assets of, or in the custody of, the Mint.

(3) The exercise of police authority by Bureau or Mint officers, with the exception of the exercise of authority upon property under the custody and control of the Bureau or the Mint, respectively, shall be deemed supplementary to the Federal police force with primary jurisdictional responsibility. This authority shall be in addition to any other law enforcement authority which has been provided to these officers under other provisions of law or regulations.

SEC. 518. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal employees health benefits program which provides any benefits or coverage for abortions.

SEC. 519. The provision of section 518 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest.

SEC. 520. No part of any appropriation made available in this Act shall be used to implement Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms Ruling TD ATF-360; Re: Notice Nos. 782, 780, 911090P.

SEC. 521. Notwithstanding title 5, United States Code, Personal Service Contractors (PSC) employed by the Department of the Treasury shall be considered as Federal Government employees for purposes of making available Federal employee health and life insurance. 

SEC. 522. Section 5131 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c); and by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (c).

SEC. 523. Section 5112(i)(4) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:

“(C) The Secretary may continue to mint and issue coins in accordance with the specifications contained in paragraphs (7), (8), (9), and (10) of subsection (a) and paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection at the same time the Secretary in minting and issuing other bullion and proof gold coins under this subsection in accordance with such