PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996	

110 STAT. 3009-518

(B) there has been a reasonable opportunity for public
comment on the development or expansion, and full con¬
sideration has been given to such public comment as is pro¬
vided; and
	(C) the development or expansion is consistent with
preservation of the Property in its predominantly natural,
scenic, historic, and forested condition; and
	(2) any use of the Property or any structure located on
the property which may impair or interfere with the conserva¬
tion values of the Property is expressly prohibited.
(g) REVERSIONARY INTEREST.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—All right, title, and interests in and to
property and interests conveyed under this section shall revert
to the United States and thereafter be administered by the
Secretary of Interior acting through the Director of the United
States Fish and Wildlife Service, if—
	(A) in the case of such property and interests conveyed
to the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society, the prop¬
erty or interests cease to be used for the purpose of histori¬
cal interpretation;
	(B) in the case of such property and interests conveyed
to the Michigan Audubon Society, the property or interests
cease to be used for the purpose of environmental protec¬
tion, research, and interpretation; or
	(C) in the case any property and interests conveyed 
to a recipient referred to in subparagraph (A) or (B)—
		(i) there is any violation of any term or condition
of the conveyance to that recipient; or
		(ii) the recipient has ceased to exist.
(2) AUTHORITY TO ENFORCE REVERSIONARY INTEREST.—The
Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the
United States Fish and Wildlife Service, shall have the author¬
ity—
	(A) to determine for the United States Government
whether any act or omission of a recipient results in a
reversion of property and interests under paragraph (1);
and
	(B) to initiate a civil action to enforce that reversion,
after notifying the recipient of the intent of the Secretary
of the Interior to initiate that action.
(3) MAINTENANCE OF NAVIGATION FUNCTIONS.—In the event
of a reversion of property under this subsection, the Secretary
of the Interior shall administer the property subject to any
conditions the Secretary of Transportation considers to be nec¬
essary to maintain the navigation functions.
SEC. 5506. CONVEYANCE OF LIGHTHOUSES.

(a) AUTHORITY TO CONVEY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Transportation or the
Secretary of the Interior, as appropriate, shall convey, by an
appropriate means of conveyance, all right, title, and interest
of the United States in and to each of the following properties:
	(A) Saint Helena Island Light Station, located in MaCk-
inac County, Moran Township, Michigan, to the Great
Lakes Lighthouse Keepers Association.
	(B) Presque Isle Light Station, located in Presque Isle
Township, Michigan, to Presque Isle Township, Presque
Isle County, Michigan.