PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996     110 STAT. 3009-166

(1) the Government is conducting thorough investigations of extrajudicial and political killings; and
(2) the Government is cooperating with United States authorities in the investigations of political and extrajudicial killings.
(b) Nothing in this section shall be construed to restrict the provision of humanitarian, development, or electoral assistance.
(c) The President may waive the requirements of this section on a semiannual basis if he determines and certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that it is in the national interest of the United States.

POLICY TOWARD BURMA

SEC. 570. (a) Until such time as the President determines and certifies to Congress that Burma has made measurable and substantial progress in improving human rights practices and implementing democratic government, the following sanctions shall be imposed on Burma:

(1) BILATERAL ASSISTANCE.—There shall be no United States assistance to the Government of Burma, other than:
(A) humanitarian assistance,
(B) subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, counter-narcotics assistance under chapter 8 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or crop substitution assistance, if the Secretary of State certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that—
(i) the Government of Burma is fully cooperating with United States counter-narcotics efforts, and
(ii) the programs are fully consistent with United States human rights concerns in Burma and serve the United States national interest, and
(C) assistance promoting human rights and democratic values.

(2) MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to vote against any loan or other utilization of funds of the respective bank to or for Burma.

(3) VISAS.—Except as required by treaty obligations or to staff the Burmese mission to the United States, the United States should not grant entry visas to any Burmese government official.

(b) CONDITIONAL SANCTIONS.—The President is hereby authorized to prohibit, and shall prohibit United States persons from new investment in Burma, if the President determines and certifies to Congress that, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government of Burma has physically harmed, rearrested for political acts, or exiled Daw Aung San Suu Kyi or has committed largescale repression of or violence against the Democratic opposition.

(c) MULTILATERAL STRATEGY.—The President shall seek to develop, in coordination with members of ASEAN and other countries having major trading and investment interests in Burma, a comprehensive, multilateral strategy to bring democracy to and improve human rights practices and the quality of life in Burma, including the development of a dialogue between the State Law