110 STAT. 3009-301       PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—Each State library administrative agency receiving a grant under this subtitle shall make the State plan available to the public.
“(3) ADMINISTRATION.—If the Director determines that the State plan does not meet the requirements of this section, the Director shall—
“(A) immediately notify the State library administrative agency of such determination and the reasons for such determination;
“(B) offer the State library administrative agency the opportunity to revise its State plan;
“(C) provide technical assistance in order to assist the State library administrative agency in meeting the requirements of this section; and
“(D) provide the State library administrative agency the opportunity for a hearing.

“CHAPTER 2—LIBRARY PROGRAMS

20 USC 9141.
“SEC. 231. GRANTS TO STATES.
“(a) IN GENERAL—Of the funds provided to a State library administrative agency under section 214, such agency shall expend, either directly or through subgrants or cooperative agreements, at least 96 percent of such funds for—
“(1)(A) establishing or enhancing electronic linkages among or between libraries;
“(B) electronically linking libraries with educational, social, or information services;
“(C) assisting libraries in accessing information through electronic networks;
“(D) encouraging libraries in different areas, and encouraging different types of libraries, to establish consortia and share resources; or
“(E) paying costs for libraries to acquire or share computer systems and telecommunications technologies; and
“(2) targeting library and information services to persons having difficulty using a library and to underserved urban and rural communities, including children (from birth through age 17) from families with incomes below the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget and revised annually in accordance with section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2)) applicable to a family of the size involved.
“(b) SPECIAL RULE.—Each State library administrative agency receiving funds under this chapter may apportion the funds available for the purposes described in subsection (a) between the two purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such subsection, as appropriate, to meet the needs of the individual State.

“CHAPTER 3—ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS

“Subchapter A—State Requirements

20 USC 9151.
“SEC. 251. STATE ADVISORY COUNCILS.
“Each State desiring assistance under this subtitle may establish a State advisory council which is broadly representative of the library entities in the State, including public, school, academic,