PUBLIC LAW 104-208-SEPT. 30, 1996     110 STAT. 3009-96

  (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during fiscal year 1997 may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for charitable contributions, for construction of new buildings, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by government grants, or for absorption of contract overruns.
  (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 1997, not more than 5,975 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,988 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs.
  (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense shall control the total number of staff years to be performed by defense FFRDCs during fiscal year 1997 so as to reduce the total amounts appropriated in titles II, III, and IV of this Act by $52,286,000: Provided, That the total amounts appropriated in titles II, III, and IV of this Act are hereby reduced by $52,286,000 to reflect savings from the use of defense FFRDCs by the department.
  (f) Within 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congressional defense committees a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated by the department for each defense FFRDC during fiscal year 1997: Provided, That, after the submission of the report required by this subsection, the department may not reallocate more than five percent of an FFRDC’s staff years among other defense FFRDCs until 30 days after a detailed justification for any such reallocation is submitted to the Congressional defense committees.
  (g) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 1998 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year.
  (h) The total amounts appropriated to or for the use of the department in titles II, III, and IV of this Act are hereby further reduced by $102,286,000 to reflect savings from the decreased use of non-FFRDC consulting services by the department.
  (i) No part of the reductions contained in subsections (e) and (h) of this section may be applied against any budget activity, activity group, subactivity group, line item, program element, program, project, subproject or activity which does not fund defense FFRDC activities or non-FFRDC consulting services within each appropriation account.
  (j) Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report listing the specific funding reductions allocated to each category listed in subsection (i) above pursuant to this section.
  SEC. 8038. None of the funds in this or any other Act shall be available for the preparation of studies on—
    (a) the feasibility of removal and transportation of unitary chemical weapons or agents from the eight chemical storage sites within the continental United States to Johnston Atoll: Provided, That this prohibition shall not apply to General