PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996          110 STAT. 3009-564

"(6) The Attorney General may not accept a service under
this subsection if the service will be used to displace any Federal
employee.
"(7) Except as provided in paragraph (8), an officer or employee 
of a State or political subdivision of a State performing functions
under this subsection shall not be treated as a Federal employee
for any purpose other than for purposes of chapter 81 of title
5, United States Code, (relating to compensation for injury) and
sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28, United States Code (relating
to tort claims).
"(8) An officer or employee of a State or political subdivision
of a State acting under color of authority under this subsection,
or any agreement entered into under this subsection, shall be
considered to be acting under color of Federal authority for purposes
of determining the liability, and immunity from suit, of the officer
or employee in a civil action brought under Federal or State law. 
"(9) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require 
any State or political subdivision of a State to enter into an agree-
ment with the Attorney General under this subsection.
"(10) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require 
an agreement under this subsection in order for any officer or
employee of a State or political subdivision of a State—
"(A) to communicate with the Attorney General regarding 
the immigration status of any individual, including reporting
knowledge that a particular alien is not lawfully present in
the United States; or
"(B) otherwise to cooperate with the Attorney General in
the identification, apprehension, detention, or removal of aliens
not lawfully present in the United States.".

SEC. 134. MINIMUM STATE INS PRESENCE.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 103 (8 U.S.C. 1103), as amended
by section 102(e) of this division, is further amended by adding
at the end the following:
"(f) The Attorney General shall allocate to each State not fewer
than 10 full-time active duty agents of the Immigration and Natu-
ralization Service to carry out the functions of the Service, in
order to ensure the effective enforcement of this Act.".
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)
shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this
Act. 8 USC 1103 note.

TITLE II—ENHANCED ENFORCEMENT
AND PENALTIES AGAINST ALIEN
SMUGGLING; DOCUMENT FRAUD

Subtitle A—Enhanced Enforcement and 
Penalties Against Alien Smuggling

SEC. 201. WIRETAP AUTHORITY FOR INVESTIGATIONS OF ALIEN SMUG-
GLING OR DOCUMENT FRAUD.

Section 2516(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
(1) in paragraph (c), by striking "or section 1992 (relating
to wrecking trains)" and inserting "section 1992 (relating to