PUBLIC LAW 104-208 —SEPT. 30, 1996         110 STAT. 3009-208

    None of the funds made available to the Forest Service under this Act shall be subject to transfer under the provisions of section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257) or 7 U.S.C. 147b unless the proposed transfer is approved in advance by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in compliance with the reprogramming procedures contained in House Report 103-551.

    None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the proce- dures contained in House Report 103-551.

    No funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture without the approval of the Chief of the Forest Service.

    Notwithstanding any other provision of the law, any appropria- tions or funds available to the Forest Service may be used to disseminate program information to private and public individuals and organizations through the use of nonmonetary items of nominal value and to provide nonmonetary awards of nominal value and to incur necessary expenses for the nonmonetary recognition of private individuals and organizations that make contributions to Forest Service programs.

    Notwithstanding any other provision of law, money collected, in advance or otherwise, by the Forest Service under authority of section 101 of Public Law 93-153 (30 U.S.C. 185(1)) as reimburse- ment of administrative and other costs incurred in processing pipe- line right-of-way or permit applications and for costs incurred in monitoring the construction, operation, maintenance, and termi- nation of any pipeline and related facilities, may be used to reimburse the applicable appropriation to which such costs were originally charged.

    Funds available to the Forest Service shall be available to conduct a program of not less than $1,000,000 for high priority projects within the scope of the approved budget which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps as authorized by the Act of August 13, 1970, as amended by Public Law 93-408.

    None of the funds available in this Act shall be used for timber sale preparation using clearcutting in hardwood stands in excess of 25 percent of the fiscal year 1989 harvested volume in the Wayne National Forest, Ohio: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to hardwood stands damaged by natural disaster: Provided further, That landscape architects shall be used to main- tain a visually pleasing forest.

    Any money collected from the States for fire suppression assist- ance rendered by the Forest Service on non-Federal lands not in the vicinity of National Forest System lands shall be used to reimburse the applicable appropriation and shall remain available until expended as the Secretary may direct in conducting activities authorized by 16 U.S.C. 2101 (note), 2101–2110, 1606, and 2111.

    Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $1,500 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and represen- tation expenses.

    Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Forest Service is authorized to employ or otherwise contract with persons at regu- lar rates of pay, as determined by the Service, to perform work occasioned by emergencies such as fires, storms, floods, earthquakes.