110 STAT. 3009-529 PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

that the Secretary determines are needed to carry out this title.
(2) PUBLIC LAND.—Any lands or interests in land owned by a State or a political subdivision of a State may be acquired only by donation or exchange.
(3) CONDEMNATION.—Within the boundaries of the Opal Creek Wilderness or the Scenic Recreation Area, the Secretary may not acquire any privately owned land or interest in land without the consent of the owner unless the Secretary finds that—
(A) the nature of land use has changed significantly, or the landowner has demonstrated intent to change the land use significantly, from the use that existed on the date of the enactment of this title; and
(B) acquisition by the Secretary of the land or interest in land is essential to ensure use of the land or interest in land in accordance with the purposes of this title or the management plan prepared under section 105(b).
(4) Nothing in this title shall be construed to enhance or diminish the condemnation authority available to the Secretary outside the boundaries of the Opal Creek Wilderness or the Scenic Recreation Area.
(b) ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSE ACTIONS AND COST RECOVERY.—
(1) RESPONSE ACTIONS.—Nothing in this title shall limit the authority of the Secretary or a responsible party to conduct an environmental response action in the Scenic Recreation Area in connection with the release, threatened release, or cleanup of a hazardous substance, pollutant, or contaminant, including a response action conducted under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.).
(2) LIABILITY.—Nothing in this title shall limit the authority of the Secretary or a responsible party to recover costs related to the release, threatened release, or cleanup of any hazardous substance or pollutant or contaminant in the Scenic Recreation Area.
(c) MAPS AND DESCRIPTION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall file a map and a boundary description for the Opal Creek Wilderness and for the Scenic Recreation Area with the Committee on Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate.
(2) FORCE AND EFFECT.—The boundary description and map shall have the same force and effect as if the description and map were included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct clerical and typographical errors in the boundary description and map.
(3) AVAILABILITY.—The map and boundary description shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Chief of the Forest Service, Department of Agriculture.
(d) Nothing in this title shall interfere with any activity for which a special use permit has been issued, has not been revoked, and has not expired, before the date of enactment of this title, subject to the terms of the permit.