PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-600

“(7) EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION.—No alien ordered removed shall be eligible to receive authorization to be employed in the United States unless the Attorney General makes a specific finding that—
“(A) the alien cannot be removed due to the refusal of all countries designated by the alien or under this section to receive the alien, or
“(B) the removal of the alien is otherwise impracticable or contrary to the public interest.
“(b) COUNTRIES TO WHICH ALIENS MAY BE REMOVED.—
“(1) ALIENS ARRIVING AT THE UNITED STATES.—Subject to paragraph (3)—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided by subpara- graphs (B) and (C), an alien who arrives at the United States and with respect to whom proceedings under section 240 were initiated at the time of such alien’s arrival shall be removed to the country in which the alien boarded the vessel or aircraft on which the alien arrived in the United States.
“(B) TRAVEL FROM CONTIGUOUS TERRITORY.—If the alien boarded the vessel or aircraft on which the alien arrived in the United States in a foreign territory contig- uous to the United States, an island adjacent to the United States, or an island adjacent to a foreign territory contig- uous to the United States, and the alien is not a native, citizen, subject, or national of, or does not reside in, the territory or island, removal shall be to the country in which the alien boarded the vessel that transported the alien to the territory or island.
“(C) ALTERNATIVE COUNTRIES.—If the government of the country designated in subparagraph (A) or (B) is unwill- ing to accept the alien into that country’s territory, removal shall be to any of the following countries, as directed by the Attorney General:
“(i) The country of which the alien is a citizen, subject, or national.
“(ii) The country in which the alien was born.
“(iii) The country in which the alien has a resi- dence.
“(iv) A country with a government that will accept the alien into the country’s territory if removal to each country described in a previous clause of this subparagraph is impracticable, inadvisable, or impos- sible.
“(2) OTHER ALIENS.—Subject to paragraph (3)—
“(A) SELECTION OF COUNTRY BY ALIEN.—Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph—
“(i) any alien not described in paragraph (1) who has been ordered removed may designate one country to which the alien wants to be removed, and
“(ii) the Attorney General shall remove the alien to the country the alien so designates.
“(B) LIMITATION ON DESIGNATION.—An alien may des- ignate under subparagraph (A)(i) a foreign territory contig- uous to the United States, an adjacent island, or an island adjacent to a foreign territory contiguous to the United States as the place to which the alien is to be removed