PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-306

“(g) QUORUM.—A majority of the members of the Museum Board shall constitute a quorum for the conduct of business at official meetings of the Museum Board, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. A majority of the members of the Commission and a majority of the members of the Museum Board shall constitute a quorum for the conduct of business at official joint meetings of the Commission and the Museum Board.
	“(h) COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EXPENSES.—
		“(1) COMPENSATION.—Each member of the Museum Board who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government may be compensated at a rate to be fixed by the President, but not to exceed the daily equivalent of the maximum rate authorized for a position above grade GS-15 of the General Schedule under section 5108 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which such member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Museum Board. All members of the Museum Board who are officers or employees of the Federal Government shall serve without compensation in addition to compensation received for their services as officers or employees of the Federal Government.
		“(2) TRAVEL EXPENSES.—The members of the Museum Board may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same amounts and to the same extent, as authorized under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for persons employed intermittently in Federal Government service.
		“(i) COORDINATION.—The Museum Board, with the advice of the Director, shall take steps to ensure that the policies and activities of the Institute are coordinated with other activities of the Federal Government.

“SEC. 276. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
	“(a) GRANTS.—For the purpose of carrying out this subtitle, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Director $28,700,000 for the fiscal year 1997, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1998 through 2002.
	“(b) ADMINISTRATION.—Not more than 10 percent of the funds appropriated under this section for a fiscal year may be used to pay for the administrative costs of carrying out this subtitle.
	“(c) SUMS REMAINING AVAILABLE.—Sums appropriated pursuant to subsection (a) for any fiscal year shall remain available for obligation until expended.”.

SEC. 703. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON LIBRARIES AND INFORMATION SCIENCE.
	(a) FUNCTIONS.—Section 5 of the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science Act (20 U.S.C. 1504) is amended—
		(1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (d) through (f), respectively; and
		(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the following:
		“(b) The Commission shall have the responsibility to advise the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services on general policies with respect to the duties, powers, and authority of the Institute of Museum and Library Services relating to library services, including—
			“(1) general policies with respect to—