110 STAT. 3009-105         PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must 
be made in order to acquire capability for national security pur-
poses.

SEC. 8083. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds 
available to the Department of Defense shall be made available 
to provide transportation of medical supplies and equipment, on 
a nonreimbursable basis, to American Samoa: Provided, That not-
withstanding any other provision of law, funds available to the 
Department of Defense shall be made available to provide transpor-
tation of medical supplies and equipment, on a nonreimbursable 
basis, to the Indian Health Service when it is in conjunction with 
a civil-military project.

SEC. 8084. None of the funds in this Act may be used to 
purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the 
United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the 
congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must 
be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes 
that is not available from United States manufacturers.

SEC. 8085. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the 
Naval shipyards of the United States shall be eligible to participate 
in any manufacturing extension program financed by funds appro-
priated in this or any other Act.

SEC. 8086. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall 
be available to lease or charter a vessel in excess of seventeen 
months (inclusive of any option periods) to transport fuel oil or 
for the Department of Defense if the vessel was constructed after 
October 1, 1995 unless the Secretary of Defense certifies that 
the vessel be constructed in the United States with a double hull 
under the long-term lease or charter authority provided in section 
2401 note of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That this 
limitation shall not apply to contracts in force on the date of 
enactment of this Act: Provided further, That by 1997 at least 
20 percent of annual leases and charters must be for ships of 
double hull design constructed after October 1, 1995 if available 
in numbers sufficient to satisfy this requirement: Provided further, 
That the Military Sealift Command shall plan to achieve the goal 
of eliminating single hull ship leases by the year 2015.

                          (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)

SEC. 8087. In addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise 
made available by this Act, $300,000,000 is hereby appropriated 
to the Department of Defense and shall be available only for transfer 
to the United States Coast Guard.

SEC. 8088. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act, 
the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by 
$150,000,000 to reflect savings from reduced carryover of activities 
funded through the Defense Business Operations Fund, to be 
distributed as follows: ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, 
$60,000,000; and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $90,000,000.

SEC. 8089. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, each 
contract awarded by the Department of Defense during the current 
fiscal year for construction or service performed in whole or in 
part in a State which is not contiguous with another State and 
has an unemployment rate in excess of the national average rate 
of unemployment as determined by the Secretary of Labor, shall 
include a provision requiring the contractor to employ, for the 
purpose of performing that portion of the contract in such State