PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-744

(A) IN GENERAL.—Section 303(e) (15 U.S.C. 683(e)) is amended to read as follows:
“(e) CAPITAL IMPAIRMENT.—Before approving any application for leverage submitted by a licensee under this Act, the Administrator—

“(1) shall determine that the private capital of the licensee meets the requirements of section 302(a); and
“(2) shall determine, taking into account the nature of the assets of the licensee, the amount and terms of any third party debt owed by such licensee, and any other factors determined to be relevant by the Administrator, that the private capital of the licensee has not been impaired to such an extent that the issuance of additional leverage would create or otherwise contribute to an unreasonable risk of default or loss to the Federal Government.”.

(B) REGULATIONS.—
(i) UNIFORM APPLICABILITY.—Any regulation issued
by the Administration to implement section 303(e) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 that applies to any licensee with outstanding leverage obtained before the effective date of that regulation, shall apply uniformly to all licensees with outstanding leverage obtained before that effective date.

(ii) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the terms ‘‘Administration’’, ‘‘leverage’’ and ‘‘licensee’’ have the same meanings as in section 103 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.

(5) EQUITY INVESTMENT REQUIREMENT.—Section 303(g)(4) (15 U.S.C. 683(g)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘and maintain’’.
(6) FEES.—Section 303 (15 U.S.C. 683) is amended—
(A) in subsection (b), in the fifth sentence, by striking ‘‘1 per centum’’, and all that follows before the period at the end of the sentence and inserting the following:
‘‘1 percent, plus an additional charge of 1 percent per annum which shall be paid to and retained by the Administration’’;
(B) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘1 per centum,’’ and all that follows before the period at the end of the paragraph and inserting the following: ‘‘1 percent, plus an additional charge of 1 percent per annum which shall be paid to and retained by the Administration’’; and
(C) by adding at the end the following new subsections:

‘‘(i) LEVERAGE FEE.—With respect to leverage granted by the Administration to a licensee, the Administration shall collect from the licensee a nonrefundable fee in an amount equal to 3 percent of the face amount of leverage granted to the licensee, payable upon the earlier of the date of entry into any commitment for such leverage or the date on which the leverage is drawn by the licensee.
‘‘(j) CALCULATION OF SUBSIDY RATE.—All fees, interest, and profits received and retained by the Administration under this section shall be included in the calculations made by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to offset the cost (as that term is defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990) to the Administration of purchasing and guaranteeing debentures and participating securities under this Act.’’.