110 STAT. 3009–677	 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

the date on which the sponsored alien last received any means-tested public benefit to which the affidavit of support applies.
‘‘(3) USE OF COLLECTION AGENCIES.—If the appropriate entity under paragraph (1)(A) requests reimbursement from the sponsor or brings an action against the sponsor pursuant to the affidavit of support, the appropriate entity may appoint or hire an individual or other person to act on behalf of such entity acting under the authority of law for purposes of collecting any amounts owed.
‘‘(c) REMEDIES.—Remedies available to enforce an affidavit of support under this section include any or all of the remedies described in section 3201, 3203, 3204, or 3205 of title 28, United States Code, as well as an order for specific performance and payment of legal fees and other costs of collection, and include corresponding remedies available under State law. A Federal agency may seek to collect amounts owed under this section in accordance with the provisions of subchapter II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code.
‘‘(d) NOTIFICATION OF CHANGE OF ADDRESS.—
‘‘(1) GENERAL REQUIREMENT.—The sponsor shall notify the Attorney General and the State in which the sponsored alien is currently a resident within 30 days of any change of address of the sponsor during the period in which an affidavit of support is enforceable.
‘‘(2) PENALTY.—Any person subject to the requirement of paragraph (1) who fails to satisfy such requirement shall, after notice and opportunity to be heard, be subject to a civil penalty of—
‘‘(A) not less than $250 or more than $2,000, or
‘‘(B) if such failure occurs with knowledge that the sponsored alien has received any means-tested public benefits (other than benefits described in section 401(b), 403(c)(2), or 411(b) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996) not less than $2,000 or more than $5,000.
The Attorney General shall enforce this paragraph under appropriate regulations.
‘‘(e) JURISDICTION.—An action to enforce an affidavit of support executed under subsection (a) may be brought against the sponsor in any appropriate court—
‘‘(1) by a sponsored alien, with respect to financial support;

or ‘‘(2) by the appropriate entity of the Federal Government, a State or any political subdivision of a State, or by any other nongovernmental entity under subsection (b)(2), with respect to reimbursement.
‘‘(f) SPONSOR DEFINED.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this section the term ‘sponsor’ in relation to a sponsored alien means an individual who executes an affidavit of support with respect to the sponsored alien and who—
‘‘(A) is a citizen or national of the United States or an alien who is lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence;
‘‘(B) is at least 18 years of age;