PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-296

                     "SEC. 213. DEFINITIONS.                                                            20 USC 9122.

  "As used in this subtitle:
           "(1) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term 'Indian tribe' means any 
      tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community,
      including any Alaska native village, regional corporation, or
      village corporation, as defined in or established pursuant to
      the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et
      seq.), which is recognized by the Secretary of the Interior as
      eligible for the special programs and services provided by the 
      United States to Indians because of their status as Indians.
            "(2) LIBRARY.—The term 'library' includes—
                 "(A) a public library;
                 "(B) a public elementary school or secondary school
           library;
                 "(C) an academic library;
                 "(D) a research library, which for the purposes of this
           subtitle means a library that—
                      "(i) makes publicly available library services and 
            materials suitable for scholarly research and not otherwise available to the public; and
                      "(ii) is not an integral part of an institution of
            higher education; and
                 "(E) a private library, but only if the State in which 
           such private library is located determines that the library 
  should be considered a library for purposes of this subtitle.
            "(3) LIBRARY CONSORTIUM.—The term 'library consortium' 
      means any local, statewide, regional, interstate, or international
      cooperative association of library entities which provides for 
      the systematic and effective coordination of the resources of 
      school, public, academic, and special libraries and information 
      centers for improved services for the clientele of such library 
      entities.
            "(4) STATE.—The term 'State', unless otherwise specified,
      includes each of the 50 States of the United States, the District 
      of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United 
      States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of the 
      Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the 
      Republic of Palau.
            "(5) STATE LIBRARY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENCY.— The term 
 'State library administrative agency' means the official agency 
      of a State charged by the law of the State with the extension
      and development of public library services throughout the State.
            "(6) STATE PLAN.—The term 'State plan' means the document which gives assurances that the officially designated State
      library administrative agency has the fiscal and legal authority 
      and capability to administer all aspects of this subtitle, provides 
      assurances for establishing the State's policies, priorities, criteria, and procedures necessary to the implementation of all 
      programs under this subtitle, submits copies for approval as
      required by regulations promulgated by the Director, identifies 
      a State's library needs, and sets forth the activities to be 
      taken toward meeting the identified needs supported with the 
      assistance of Federal funds made available under this subtitle.

"SEC. 214. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.                                               20 USC 9123.

     "(a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—