110 STAT. 3009–373        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

       (i) by striking out “paragraph (7)(D)” in each place 
it appears and inserting in each such place “paragraph 
(8)(D)”; and 
       (ii) by striking out the period and inserting in 
lieu thereof a semicolon and “and”;
    (E) by adding at the end thereof the following new 
paragraph:
       “(10) the term ‘Small Capitalization Stock Index Invest-
ment Fund’ means the Small Capitalization Stock Index Invest-
ment Fund established under subsection (b)(1)(D).”; and
    (2) in subsection (b)—
       (A) in paragraph (1)—
          (i) in subparagraph (B) by striking out “and” at 
the end thereof;
          (ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking out the period 
and inserting in lieu thereof a semicolon; and
          (iii) by adding at the end thereof the following 
new subparagraphs:
             “(D) a Small Capitalization Stock Index Investment 
Fund as provided in paragraph (3); and
             “(E) an International Stock Index Investment Fund 
as provided in paragraph (4).”; and
       (B) by adding at the end thereof the following new 
paragraphs:
       “(3)(A) The Board shall select an index which is commonly 
recognized index comprised of common stock the aggregate 
market value of which represents the United States equity 
markets excluding the common stocks included in the Common 
Stock Index Investment Fund.
       “(B) The Small Capitalization Stock Index Investment Fund 
shall be invested in a portfolio designed to replicate the 
performance of the index in subparagraph (A). The portfolio 
shall be designed such that, to the extent practicable, the 
percentage of the Small Capitalization Stock Index Investment 
Fund that is invested in each stock is the same as the percent-
age determined by dividing the aggregate market value of 
all shares of that stock by the aggregate market value of 
all shares of all stocks included in such index.
       “(4)(A) The Board shall select an index which is a commonly 
recognized index comprised of stock the aggregate market value 
of which is a reasonably complete representation of the inter-
national equity markets excluding the United States equity 
markets.
       “(B) The International Stock Index Investment Fund shall 
be invested in a portfolio designed to replicate the performance 
of the index in subparagraph (A). The portfolio shall be designed 
such that, to the extent practicable, the percentage of the 
International Stock Index Investment Fund that is invested 
in each stock is the same as the percentage determined by 
dividing the aggregate market value of all shares of that stock 
by the aggregate market value of all shares of all stocks 
included in such index.”.

SEC. 103. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF INVESTMENT RISK

   Section 8439(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended 
by striking out “Each employee, Member, former employee, or 
former Member who elects to invest in the Common Stock Index