PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-224

the criteria normally used by the National Park Service. The exchange shall comply with applicable regulations and National Park Service policies for land exchanges.

(c)(1) The Secretary shall not acquire any lands under this section if the Secretary determines that the lands or any portion thereof have become contaminated with hazardous substances (as defined in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601)).

(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to any hazardous wastes or other substances placed on any of the lands covered by this section after their transfer to the ownership of any party, but nothing in this section shall be construed as either diminishing or increasing any responsibility or liability of the United States based on the condition of such lands on the date of their transfer to the ownership of another party: Provided, That the Corrections Corporation of America shall indemnify the United States for liabilities arising under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601) and the Resource Conservation Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901, et seq.).

(d) The properties so exchanged either shall be approximately equal in fair market value or if they are not approximately equal, shall be equalized by the payment of cash to the Corporation or to the Secretary as required or in the event the value of the Corporation's lands is greater, the acreage maybe reduced so that their market value is approximately equal: Provided, That the Secretary shall order appraisals made of the fair market value for improvements thereon: Provided further, That any such cash payment received by the Secretary shall be deposited to "Miscellaneous Trust Funds, National Park Service" and shall be available without further appropriation until expended for the acquisition of land within the National Park System.

(e) Costs of conducting necessary land surveys, preparing the legal descriptions of the lands to be conveyed, performing the appraisals, and administrative costs incurred in completing the exchange shall be borne by the Corporation.

(f) Following any exchange authorized by this provision, the boundaries of Oxon Cove Park shall be expanded to include the land acquired by the United States.

SEC. 324. SECTION 1. LAND EXCHANGE.—
(a) EXCHANGE.—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the "Secretary") shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the National Forest System lands described in subsection (b)(1) to Public Utility District No. 1 of Chelan County, Washington (referred to in this section as the “Public Utility District”), in exchange for the conveyance to the Department of Agriculture by the Public Utility District of all right, title, and interest of the Public Utility District in and to the lands described in subsection (b)(2).

(b) DESCRIPTION OF LANDS.—
(1) NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS.—The National Forest System lands referred to in subsection (a) are 122 acres, more or less, that are partially occupied by a wastewater treatment facility referred to in subsection (c)(4)(A) with the following legal description: