PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–132

(p) Of the funds made available under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for a United States contribution to the Trans-Caucasus Enterprise Fund: Provided, That to further the development of the private sector in the Trans- Caucasus, such amount and amounts appropriated for purposes of subsection (t) under the heading ‘‘Assistance for the New Independent States of the Former Soviet Union’’ in Public Law 104–107 may be invested in a Trans-Caucasus Enterprise Fund or, notwithstanding the provisions of such subsection, invested in other funds established by public or private organizations, or trans- ferred to the Overseas Private Investment Corporation to be avail- able, subject to the requirements of the Federal Credit Reform Act, to subsidize the costs of direct and guaranteed loans.
(q)(1) Funds appropriated under this heading may not be made available for the Government of Ukraine if the President determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Govern- ment of Ukraine is engaged in military cooperation with the Govern- ment of Libya.
(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the President determines that making such funds available is important to the national security interest of the United States. Any such determination shall cease to be effective six months after being made unless the President determines that its continuation is important to the national security interest of the United States.
(r) Of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $15,000,000 shall be made available for a family planning saving program for the New Independent States of the former Soviet Union comparable to the family planning program currently administered by the Agency for International Development in the Central Asian Republics and focusing on population assistance which provides an alternative to abortion.
(s) Funds made available under this Act or any other Act (other than assistance under title V of the FREEDOM Support Act and section 1424 of the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997’’) may not be provided for assistance to the Government of Azerbaijan until the President determines, and so reports to the Congress, that the Government of Azerbaijan is taking demonstrable steps to cease all blockades and other offensive uses of force against Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh.
(t) Of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $2,500,000 shall be made available for the American-Russian Center.

INDEPENDENT AGENCY

PEACE CORPS

For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Peace Corps Act (75 Stat. 612), $208,000,000, including the purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles for administrative purposes for use outside of the United States: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to pay for abortions: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall remain available until September 30, 1998.
