PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-146

respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of resolutions described by paragraph (2) of this subsection; and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent therewith; and

(B) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as those rules relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of such House.

(2) For purposes of this section, the term “resolution” means a joint resolution, the text of which is as follows: “That the House of Representatives and Senate approve the Presidential finding, submitted to the Congress on XXXXX, that the limitation on obligations imposed by section 518A(a) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1997, is having a negative impact on the proper functioning of the population planning program.”. The blank space therein shall be filled with the date on which the President submits his finding to the House of Representatives and the Senate.

(3) On the day on which the President submits a finding under this section to the Congress, a joint resolution described in paragraph (2) shall be introduced (by request) in the House by the majority leader of the House, for himself and the minority leader of the House, or by Members of the House designated by the majority leader and minority leader of the House. A joint resolution shall be introduced (by request) in the Senate by the majority leader of the Senate, for himself and the minority leader of the Senate, or by Members of the Senate designated by the majority leader and minority leader of the Senate. If either House is not in session on the day on which the President submits such finding, the resolution shall be introduced in that House, as provided in the preceding sentence, on the first day thereafter on which that House is in session. A resolution once introduced in the House with respect to a Presidential finding under this section shall be referred to 1 or more committees (and all resolutions with respect to the same Presidential finding shall be referred to the same committee or committees) by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. A resolution once introduced in the Senate with respect to a Presidential finding under this section shall be referred to the appropriate committee (and all resolutions with respect to the same Presidential finding shall be referred to the same committee) by the President of the Senate.

(4) No amendment to a resolution introduced under this section shall be in order in either the House of Representatives or the Senate; and no motion to suspend the application of this subsection shall be in order in either House, nor shall it be in order in either House for the presiding officer to entertain a request to suspend the application of this subsection by unanimous consent.

(5)(A) If any committee to which a resolution with respect to a Presidential finding under this section has been referred has not reported it at the end of 5 calendar days after its introduction, such committee shall be automatically discharged from further consideration of the resolution and it shall be