PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996  110 STAT. 3009-106

that is not contiguous with another State, individuals who are residents of such State and who, in the case of any craft or trade, possess or would be able to acquire promptly the necessary skills: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive the requirements of this section, on a case-by-case basis, in the interest of national security.
    SEC. 8090. During the current fiscal year, the Army shall use the former George Air Force Base as the airhead for the National Training Center at Fort Irwin: Provided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be obligated or expended to transport Army personnel into Edwards Air Force Base for training rotations at the National Training Center.
    SEC. 8091. (a) The Secretary of Defense shall submit, on a quarterly basis, a report to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on International Relations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate setting forth all costs (including incremental costs) incurred by the Department of Defense during the preceding quarter in implementing or supporting resolutions of the United Nations Security Council, including any such resolution calling for international sanctions, international peacekeeping operations, and humanitarian missions undertaken by the Department of Defense. The quarterly report shall include an aggregate of all such Department of Defense costs by operation or mission.
    (b) The Secretary of Defense shall detail in the quarterly reports all efforts made to seek reimbursement or to establish credit against past United Nations expenditures and all efforts made to seek compensation from the United Nations for costs incurred by the Department of Defense in implementing and supporting United Nations activities.
    SEC. 8092 (a) LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF DEFENSE ARTICLES AND SERVICES.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the current fiscal year may be obligated or expended to transfer to another nation or an international organization any defense articles or services (other than intelligence services) for use in the activities described in subsection (b) unless the congressional defense committees, the Committee on International Relations of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate are notified 15 days in advance of such transfer.
    (b) COVERED ACTIVITIES.—(1) This section applies to—
        (A) any international peacekeeping or peace-enforcement operation under the authority of chapter VI or chapter VII of the United Nations Charter under the authority of a United Nations Security Council resolution; and
        (B) any other international peacekeeping, peace-enforcement, or humanitarian assistance operation.
    (c) REQUIRED NOTICE.—A notice under subsection (a) shall include the following:
        (1) A description of the equipment, supplies, or services to be transferred.
        (2) A statement of the value of the equipment, supplies, or services to be transferred.
        (3) In the case of a proposed transfer of equipment or supplies—
            (A) a statement of whether the inventory requirements of all elements of the Armed Forces (including the reserve