110 STAT. 3009-675 PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(or by an entity in which such relative has a significant ownership interest) is excludable under this paragraph unless such relative has executed an affidavit of support described in section 213A with respect to such alien.”.
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to applications submitted on or after such date, not earlier than 30 days and not later than 60 days after the date the Attorney General promulgates under section 551(c)(2) of this division a standard form for an affidavit of support, as the Attorney General shall specify, but subparagraphs (C) and (D) of section 212(a)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as so amended, shall not apply to applications with respect to which an official interview with an immigration officer was conducted before such effective date.

Subtitle C—Affidavits of Support

SEC. 551. REQUIREMENTS FOR SPONSOR'S AFFIDAVIT OF SUPPORT.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 213A (8 U.S.C. 1183a), as inserted by section 423(a) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996, is amended to read as follows:
“REQUIREMENTS FOR SPONSOR'S AFFIDAVIT OF SUPPORT
“SEC. 213A. (a) ENFORCEABILITY.—
“(1) TERMS OF AFFIDAVIT.—No affidavit of support may be accepted by the Attorney General as a basis for finding that an alien is not excludable as a public charge under section 212(a)(4) unless such affidavit is executed by a sponsor of the alien as a contract—
“(A) in which the sponsor agrees to provide support to maintain the sponsored alien at an annual income that is not less than 125 percent of the Federal poverty line during the period in which the affidavit is enforceable;
“(B) that is legally enforceable against the sponsor by the sponsored alien, the Federal Government, any State (or any political subdivision of such State), or by any other entity that provides any means-tested public benefit (as defined in subsection (e)), consistent with the provisions of this section; and
“(C) in which the sponsor agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of any Federal or State court for the purpose of actions brought under subsection (b)(2).
“(2) PERIOD OF ENFORCEABILITY.—An affidavit of support shall be enforceable with respect to benefits provided for an alien before the date the alien is naturalized as a citizen of the United States, or, if earlier, the termination date provided under paragraph (3).
“(3) TERMINATION OF PERIOD OF ENFORCEABILITY UPON COMPLETION OF REQUIRED PERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT, ETC.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—An affidavit of support is not enforceable after such time as the alien (i) has worked 40 qualifying quarters of coverage as defined under title II of the Social Security Act or can be credited with such qualifying quarters as provided under subparagraph (B), and (ii) in the case of any such qualifying quarter creditable for any period beginning after December 31, 1996, did