110 STAT. 3009–303 	PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

		“(1) to encourage and assist museums in their educational role, in conjunction with formal systems of elementary, second ary, and postsecondary education and with programs of nonfor mal education for all age groups;

		“(2) to assist museums in modernizing their methods and facilities so that the museums are better able to conserve the cultural, historic, and scientific heritage of the United States; and

		“(3) to ease the financial burden borne by museums as a result of their increasing use by the public.

20 USC 9172.	“SEC. 272. DEFINITIONS.

		“As used in this subtitle:

		“(1) MUSEUM.—The term ‘museum’ means a public or private nonprofit agency or institution organized on a permanent basis for essentially educational or aesthetic purposes, that utilizes a professional staff, owns or utilizes tangible objects, cares for the tangible objects, and exhibits the tangible objects to the public on a regular basis.

		“(2) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Common wealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau.

20 USC 9173.	“SEC. 273. MUSEUM SERVICES ACTIVITIES.

		“(a) GRANTS.—The Director, subject to the policy direction of the Museum Board, may make grants to museums to pay for the Federal share of the cost of increasing and improving museum services, through such activities as—

		“(1) programs that enable museums to construct or install displays, interpretations, and exhibitions in order to improve museum services provided to the public;

		“(2) assisting museums in developing and maintaining professionally trained or otherwise experienced staff to meet the needs of the museums;

		“(3) assisting museums in meeting the administrative costs of preserving and maintaining the collections of the museums, exhibiting the collections to the public, and providing edu cational programs to the public through the use of the collec tions;

		“(4) assisting museums in cooperating with each other in developing traveling exhibitions, meeting transportation costs, and identifying and locating collections available for loan;

		“(5) assisting museums in the conservation of their collec tions;

		“(6) developing and carrying out specialized programs for specific segments of the public, such as programs for urban neighborhoods, rural areas, Indian reservations, and penal and other State institutions; and

		“(7) model programs demonstrating cooperative efforts between libraries and museums.

		“(b) CONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS.—
		“(1) PROJECTS TO STRENGTHEN MUSEUM SERVICES.—The Director, subject to the policy direction of the Museum Board, is authorized to enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with appropriate entities, as determined by the Director, to