110 STAT. 3009-295  PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(e) COORDINATION.—The Director shall ensure coordination 
of the policies and activities of the Institute with the policies 
and activities of other agencies and offices of the Federal 
Government having interest in and responsibilities for the improve­
ment of museums and libraries and information services.

20 USC 9104.

SEC. 205. DEPUTY DIRECTORS.
“The Office of Library Services shall be headed by a Deputy 
Director, who shall be appointed by the Director from among 
individuals who have a graduate degree in library science and 
expertise in library and information services. The Office of Museum 
Services shall be headed by a Deputy Director, who shall be 
appointed by the Director from among individuals who have exper­
tise in museum services.

20 USC 9105.

SEC. 206. PERSONNEL.
“(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director may, in accordance with 
applicable provisions of title 5, United States Code, appoint and 
determine the compensation of such employees as the Director 
determines to be necessary to carry out the duties of the Institute.
“(b) VOLUNTARY SERVICES.—The Director may accept and utilize 
the voluntary services of individuals and reimburse the individuals 
for travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in 
the same amounts and to the same extent as authorized under 
section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for persons employed 
intermittently in Federal Government service.

20 USC 9106.

SEC. 207. CONTRIBUTIONS.
“The Institute is authorized to solicit, accept, receive, and invest 
in the name of the United States, gifts, bequests, or devises of 
money and other property or services and to use such property 
or services in furtherance of the functions of the Institute. Any 
proceeds from such gifts, bequests, or devises, after acceptance 
by the Institute, shall be paid by the donor or the representative 
of the donor to the Director. The Director shall enter the proceeds 
in a special-interest bearing account to the credit of the Institute 
for the purposes specified in each case.

Library Services and Technology Act.

20 USC 9101 note.

Subtitle B—Library Services and Technology

SEC. 211. SHORT TITLE.
“This subtitle may be cited as the ‘Library Services and Tech­
nology Act’.

20 USC 9121.

SEC. 212. PURPOSE.
“It is the purpose of this subtitle—
“(1) to consolidate Federal library service programs;
“(2) to stimulate excellence and promote access to learning 
and information resources in all types of libraries for individ­
uals of all ages;
“(3) to promote library services that provide all users access 
to information through State, regional, national and inter­
national electronic networks;
“(4) to provide linkages among and between libraries; and
“(5) to promote targeted library services to people of diverse 
geographic, cultural, and socioeconomic backgrounds, to individ­
uals with disabilities, and to people with limited functional 
literacy or information skills.