PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-508

DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN SCHOOL PROPERTY BY AUTHORITY

SEC. 5206. (a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle C of title II of the District of Columbia Financial Responsibility and Management Assistance Act of 1995 is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
‘‘SEC. 225. DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN SCHOOL PROPERTY.
‘‘(a) POWER TO DISPOSE.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the disposition of a facility or property described in subsection (d), the Authority may dispose (by sale, lease, or otherwise) of any facility or property described in subsection (d).
‘‘(b) PREFERENCE FOR PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS.—In disposing of a facility or property under this section, the Authority shall give preference to an eligible applicant (as defined in section 2002 of the District of Columbia School Reform Act of 1995) whose petition to establish a public charter school has been conditionally approved under section 2203(d)(2) of such Act, or a Board of Trustees (as defined in section 2002 of such Act) of such a public charter school, if doing so will not result in a significant loss of revenue that might be obtained from other dispositions or uses of the facility or property.
‘‘(c) USE OF PROCEEDS FROM DISPOSITION FOR SCHOOL REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE.—
 ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Authority shall deposit any proceeds of the disposition of a facility or property under this section in the Board of Education Real Property Maintenance and Improvement Fund (as established by the Real Property Disposal Act of 1990), to be used for the construction, maintenance, improvement, rehabilitation, or repair of buildings and grounds which are used for educational purposes for public and public charter school students in the District of Columbia.
 ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION.—In disposing of a facility or property under this section, the Authority shall consult with the Superintendent of Schools of the District of Columbia, the Mayor, the Council, the Administrator of General Services, and education and community leaders involved in planning for an agency or authority that will design and administer a comprehensive long-term program for repair and improvement of District of Columbia public school facilities (as described in section 2552(a) of the District of Columbia School Reform Act of 1995).
 ‘‘(3) LEGAL EFFECT OF SALE.—The Authority may dispose of a facility or property under this section by executing a proper deed and any other legal instrument for conveyance of title to the facility or property, and such deed shall convey good and valid title to the purchaser of the facility or property.
‘‘(d) FACILITY OR PROPERTY DESCRIBED.—A facility or property described in this subsection is a facility or property which is described in section 2209(b)(1)(B) of the District of Columbia School Reform Act of 1995 and with respect to which the Authority has made the following determinations:
 ‘‘(1) The property is no longer needed for purposes of operating a District of Columbia public school (as defined in section 2002 of the District of Columbia School Reform Act of 1995).
 ‘‘(2) The disposition of the property is in the best interests of education in the District of Columbia.