110 STAT. 3009-527		PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

Area or on land adjacent to the Scenic Recreation Area;
	(ii) for activities related to administration of the Scenic Recreation Area, consistent with the Opal Creek Management Plan; or
	(iii) for removal of hazard trees along trails and roadways.
	(B) SALVAGE SALES.—The Secretary may not allow a salvage sale in the Scenic Recreation Area.
		(g) WITHDRAWAL.—
			(1) Subject to valid existing rights, all lands in the Scenic Recreation Area are withdrawn from—
		(i) any form of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws;
		(ii) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and
		(iii) disposition under the mineral and geothermal leasing laws.
	(h) BORNITE PROJECT.—
		(1) Nothing in this title shall be construed to interfere with or approve any exploration, mining, or mining-related activity in the Bornite Project Area, depicted on the map described in subsection 102(3), conducted in accordance with applicable laws.
		(2) Nothing in this title shall be construed to interfere with the ability of the Secretary to approve and issue, or deny, special use permits in connection with exploration, mining, and mining-related activities in the Bornite Project Area.
		(3) Motorized vehicles, roads, structures, and utilities (including but not limited to power lines and water lines) may be allowed inside the Scenic Recreation Area to serve the activities conducted on land within the Bornite Project.
		(4) After the date of enactment of this title, no patent or claim shall be issued for any mining claim under the general mining laws located within the Bornite Project Area.
	(i) WATER IMPOUNDMENTS.—Notwithstanding the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission may not license the construction of any dam, water conduit, reservoir, powerhouse, transmission line, or other project work in the Scenic Recreation Area, except as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of subsection 105(h) with regard to the Bornite Project.
	(j) CULTURAL AND HISTORIC RESOURCE INVENTORY.—
		(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of establishment of the Scenic Recreation Area, the Secretary shall review and revise the inventory of the cultural and historic resources on the public land in the Scenic Recreation Area developed pursuant to the Oregon Wilderness Act of 1984 (Public Law 98-328; 16 U.S.C. 1132).
		(2) INTERPRETATION.—Interpretive activities shall be developed under the management plan in consultation with State and local historic preservation organizations and shall include a balanced and factual interpretation of the cultural, ecological, and industrial history of forestry and mining in the Scenic Recreation Area.
	(k) PARTICIPATION.—So that the knowledge, expertise, and views of all agencies and groups may contribute affirmatively to