PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-348

program procedures and coin specifications, designs, varieties, quantities, denominations, and inscriptions as the Secretary, in the Secretary's discretion, may prescribe from time to time."; Provided, That profits generated from the sale of gold to the United States Mint for this program shall be considered as a receipt to be deposited into the General Fund of the Treasury.
    SEC. 524. Section 5112 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
        "(k) The Secretary may mint and issue bullion and proof platinum coins in accordance with such specifications, designs, varieties, quantities, denominations, and inscriptions as the Secretary, in the Secretary's discretion, may prescribe from time to time."; Provided, That the Secretary is authorized to use Government platinum reserves stockpiled at the United States Mint as working inventory and shall ensure that reserves utilized are replaced by the Mint.
    SEC. 526. (a) REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS.-
        (1) IN GENERAL.- The Secretary of the Treasury shall pay from amounts appropriated in title I of this Act under the heading, "Departmental Offices, Salaries and Expenses", up to $500,000 to reimburse former employees of the White House Travel Office whose employment in that Office was terminated on May 19, 1993, for any attorney fees and costs they incurred with respect to that termination.
        (2) VERIFICATION REQUIRED.- The Secretary shall pay an individual in full under paragraph (1) upon submission by the individual of documentation verifying the attorney fees and costs.
        (3) NO INFERENCE OF LIABILITY.- Liability of the United States shall not be inferred from enactment of or payment under this subsection.
    (b) LIMITATION ON FILING OF CLAIMS.- The Secretary of the Treasury shall not pay any claim filed under this section that is filed later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.
    (c) LIMITATION.- Payments under subsection (a) shall not include attorney fees or costs incurred with respect to any Congressional hearing or investigation into the termination of employment of the former employees of the White House Travel Office.
    (d) REDUCTION.- The amount paid pursuant to this section to an individual for attorney fees and costs described in subsection (a) shall be reduced by any amount received before the date of the enactment of this Act, without obligation for repayment by the individual, for payment of such attorney fees and costs (including any amount received from the funds appropriated for the individual in the matter relating to the "Office of the General Counsel" under the heading "Office of the Secretary" in title I of the Department of Transportation and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1994).
    (e) PAYMENT IN FULL SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.- Payment under this section, when accepted by an individual described in subsection (a), shall be in full satisfaction of all claims of, or on behalf of, the individual against the United States that arose out of the termination of the White House Travel Office employment of that individual on May 19, 1993.
    SEC. 527. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Executive Office of the President to request from