110 STAT. 3009–421          PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996
          
                             “(ii) refers to or describes the report or results 
                             as a defense to charges of violations of this title against 
                             the creditor to whom the self-test relates; or
                             “(B) the report or results are sought in conjunction 
                             with an adjudication or admission of a violation of this 
                             title for the sole purpose of determining an appropriate 
                             penalty or remedy.
                    “(2) DISCLOSURE FOR DETERMINATION OF PENALTY OR REM-
           EDY.—Any report or results of a self-test that are disclosed 
           for the purpose specified in paragraph (1)(B)—
                             “(A) shall be used only for the particular proceeding 
                             in which the adjudication or admission referred to in para-
                              graph (1)(B) is made; and
                             “(B) may not be used in any other action or proceeding.

          “(c) ADJUDICATION.—An applicant, department, or agency that 
          challenges a privilege asserted under this section may seek a deter-
          mination of the existence and application of that privilege in—
                             “(1) a court of competent jurisdiction; or
                             “(2) an administrative law proceeding with appropriate 
                             jurisdiction.”.

15 USC 1691e-1
                               note.
           (2) REGULATIONS.— 
                             (A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 6 months after the 
                             date of enactment of this Act, in consultation with the 
                             Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the 
                             agencies referred to in section 704 of the Equal Credit 
                             Opportunity Act, and after providing notice and an oppor-
                             tunity for public comment, the Board shall prescribe 
                             regulations to implement section 704A of the Equal Credit 
                             Opportunity Act, as added by this section.
                             (B) SELF-TEST.—
                             (i) DEFINITION.—The regulations prescribed under 
                             subparagraph (A) shall include a definition of the term 
                             “self-test” for purposes of section 704A of the Equal Credit 
                             Opportunity Act, as added by this section.
                             (ii) REQUIREMENT FOR SELF-TEST.—The regulations 
                             prescribed under subparagraph (A) shall specify that 
                             a self-test shall be sufficiently extensive to constitute 
                             a determination of the level and effectiveness of compli-
                             ance by a creditor with the Equal Credit Opportunity 
                             Act.
                             (iii) SUBSTANTIAL SIMILARITY TO CERTAIN FAIR 
                             HOUSING ACT REGULATIONS.—The regulations pre-
                             scribed under subparagraph (A) shall be substantially 
                             similar to the regulations prescribed by the Secretary 
                             of Housing and Urban Development to carry out section 
                             814A(d) of the Fair Housing Act, as added by this 
                              section.

           (3) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for title 
           VII of the Consumer Credit Protection Act is amended by
           inserting after the item relating to section 704 the following 
           new item:

“704A. Incentives for self-testing and self-correction.”.

           (b) FAIR HOUSING.—
               (1) IN GENERAL.—The Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 
                et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 814 the following 
                new section: