110 STAT. 3009–461            PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

        “(A) is engaged in commerce; or
        “(B) meets any other jurisdictional tests in the Federal 
            Trade Commission Act.

“(c) STATE ACTION FOR VIOLATIONS.—
        “(1) AUTHORITY OF STATES.—In addition to such other rem- 
    edies as are provided under State law, whenever the chief 
    law enforcement officer of a State, or an official or agency 
    designated by a State, has reason to believe that any person 
    has violated or is violating this title, the State—
        “(A) may bring an action to enjoin such violation;
        “(B) may bring an action on behalf of its residents 
            to recover damages for which the person is liable to such 
            residents under section 409 as a result of the violation; 
            and
        “(C) in the case of any successful action under subpara- 
            graph (A) or (B), shall be awarded the costs of the action 
            and reasonable attorney fees as determined by the court.
       “(2) RIGHTS OF COMMISSION.—
       “(A) NOTICE TO COMMISSION.—The State shall serve 
    prior written notice of any civil action under paragraph 
    (1) upon the Federal Trade Commission and provide the 
    Commission with a copy of its complaint, except in any 
    case where such prior notice is not feasible, in which case 
    the State shall serve such notice immediately upon institut- 
    ing such action.
       “(B) INTERVENTION.—The Commission shall have the 
         right—
            “(i) to intervene in any action referred to in 
                subparagraph (A);
            “(ii) upon so intervening, to be heard on all matters 
                arising in the action; and
            “(iii) to file petitions for appeal.

       “(3) INVESTIGATORY POWERS.—For purposes of bringing any 
    action under this subsection, nothing in this subsection shall 
    prevent the chief law enforcement officer, or an official or 
    agency designated by a State, from exercising the powers con- 
    ferred on the chief law enforcement officer or such official 
    by the laws of such State to conduct investigations or to admin- 
    ister oaths or affirmations or to compel the attendance of wit- 
    nesses or the production of documentary or other evidence.
       “(4) LIMITATION.—Whenever the Federal Trade Commission 
    has instituted a civil action for violation of this title, no State 
    may, during the pendency of such action, bring an action under 
    this section against any defendant named in the complaint 
    of the Commission for any violation of this title that is alleged 
    in that complaint.

15 USC 1679i.    “SEC. 411. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS.
        “Any action to enforce any liability under this title may be 
    brought before the later of—
        “(1) the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date 
    of the occurrence of the violation involved; or
        “(2) in any case in which any credit repair organization 
    has materially and willfully misrepresented any information 
    which—
       “(A) the credit repair organization is required, by any 
           provision of this title, to disclose to any consumer; and