PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-116

or to the family of such an individual, who is injured or killed while traveling on an aircraft owned, leased, chartered, or operated by the Government of the United States.

(b) The report required by subsection (a) above shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees and to the Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight of the House of Representatives not later than December 15, 1996.

SEC. 8126. (a) Not later than March 1, 1997, the Deputy Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on Department of Defense procurements of propellant raw materials.

(b) The report shall include the following:
(1) The projected future requirements of the Department of Defense for propellant raw materials, such as nitrocellulose.
(2) The capacity, ability, and production cost rates of the national technology and industrial base, including Government-owned, contractor-operated facilities, contractor-owned and operated facilities, and Government-owned, Government-operated facilities, for meeting such requirements.
(3) The national security benefits of preserving in the national technology and industrial base contractor-owned and operated facilities for producing propellant raw materials, including nitrocellulose.
(4) The extent to which the cost rates for production of nitrocellulose in Government-owned, contractor-operated facilities would be increased because of the relationship of those facilities with the Department of Defense than such rates would be without that relationship.
(5) The advantages and disadvantages of permitting commercial facilities to compete for award of Department of Defense contracts for procurement of propellant raw materials, such as nitrocellulose.
SEC. 8127. Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to Congress a cost-benefit analysis of consolidating the ground station infrastructure of the Air Force that supports polar orbiting satellites.

(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)

SEC. 8128. In addition to the amounts appropriated elsewhere in this Act, $100,000,000 is appropriated for defense against weapons of mass destruction: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this section may be transferred to and merged with funds appropriated elsewhere in this Act and that this transfer authority shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided under this Act: Provided further, that of the funds made available by this section, $10,000,000 shall be transferred to and merged with funds appropriated in this Act for “Procurement, Marine Corps” and shall be available only for the procurement of equipment that enhances the capability of the Chemical-Biological Incident Response Force to respond to incidents of terrorism.

SEC. 8129. The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees by February 1, 1997 containing recommendations regarding the establishment of a demonstration