PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996	110 STAT. 3009-596

“(3) CONTINUITY NOT REQUIRED BECAUSE OF HONORABLE 
SERVICE IN ARMED FORCES AND PRESENCE UPON ENTRY INTO 
SERVICE.—The requirements of continuous residence or continu-
ous physical presence in the United States under subsections 
(a) and (b) shall not apply to an alien who—
		“(A) has served for a minimum period of 24 months 
in an active-duty status in the Armed Forces of the United 
States and, if separated from such service, was separated 
under honorable conditions, and 
		“(B) at the time of the alien’s enlistment or induction 
was in the United States.
	“(e) ANNUAL LIMITATION.—The Attorney General may not can-
cel the removal and adjust the status under this section, nor sus-
pend the deportation and adjust the status under section 244(a) 
(as in effect before the enactment of the Illegal Immigration Reform 
and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996), of a total of more 
than 4,000 aliens in any fiscal year. The previous sentence shall 
apply regardless of when an alien applied for such cancellation 
and adjustment and whether such an alien had previously applied 
for suspension of deportation under such section 244(a).

“VOLUNTARY DEPARTURE

“SEC. 240B. (a) CERTAIN CONDITIONS.—
	“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General may permit an 
alien voluntarily to depart the United States at the alien’s 
own expense under this subsection, in lieu of being subject 
to proceedings under section 240 or prior to the completion 
of such proceedings, if the alien is not deportable under section 
237(a)(2)(A)(iii) or section 237(a)(4)(B).
		“(2) PERIOD.—Permission to depart voluntarily under this 
subsection shall not be valid for a period exceeding 120 days.
		“(3) BOND.—The Attorney General may require an alien 
permitted to depart voluntarily under this subsection to post 
a voluntary departure bond, to be surrendered upon proof that 
the alien has departed the United States within the time speci-
fied.
		“(4) TREATMENT OF ALIENS ARRIVING IN THE UNITED 
STATES.—In the case of an alien who is arriving in the United 
States and with respect to whom proceedings under section 
240 are (or would otherwise be) initiated at the time of such 
alien’s arrival, paragraph (1) shall not apply. Nothing in this 
paragraph shall be construed as preventing such an alien from 
withdrawing the application for admission in accordance with 
section 235(a)(4).
“(b) AT CONCLUSION OF PROCEEDINGS.—
	“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General may permit an 
alien voluntarily to depart the United States at the alien’s 
own expense if, at the conclusion of a proceeding under section 
240, the immigration judge enters an order granting voluntary 
departure in lieu of removal and finds that—
		“(A) the alien has been physically present in the United 	 
States for a period of at least one year immediately preced-
ing the date the notice to appear was served under section 
239(a);
		“(B) the alien is, and has been, a person of good moral 
character for at least 5 years immediately preceding the 
alien’s application for voluntary departure;
8 USC 1229c.
