PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-254

with respect to the provision of security protection for the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
SEC. 208. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be obligated or expended for the Federal Council on Aging under the Older Americans Act or the Advisory Board on Child Abuse and Neglect under the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act.

(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)

SEC. 209. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act, as amended) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for the Department of Health and Human Services in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the Appropriations Committees of both Houses of Congress are notified at least fifteen days in advance of any transfer.

(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)

SEC. 210. The Director of the National Institutes of Health, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes, centers, and divisions from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Congress is promptly notified of the transfer.

(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)
 
SEC. 211. Of the amounts made available in this Act for the National Institutes of Health, the amount for research related to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, shall be made available to the "Office of AIDS Research" account. The Director of the Office of AIDS Research shall transfer from such account amounts necessary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the Public Health Service Act.
SEC. 212. Not later than January 1, 1997, the Administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration, with the advice and technical assistance of the Agency for Health Care Policy and Research, shall transmit to the appropriate committees of the Congress a report including—
(1) a review of all available studies and research data on the treatment of end-stage emphysema and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease by both unilateral and bilateral lung volume reduction surgery; involving both invasive and noninvasive surgery and supplemental surgical methods, including laser applications; and
(2) a recommendation, based on such review, as to the appropriateness of Medicare coverage of such procedures and the conditions, if necessary, that facilities and physicians should be required to meet, to ensure the efficacy of such procedures, as more detailed clinical studies are conducted.
SEC. 213. Section 304(a)(1) of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10403(a)(1)) is amended by striking "$200,000" and inserting "$400,000".