110 STAT. 3009–289              PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996               

“(II) purchasing loans insured under this part, if the Secretary, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, enters into an agreement with the Association for the continuation or reprocessing of the Association’s secondary market purchase program because the Secretary determines there is inadequate liquidity for loans made under this part.

“(ii) AGREEMENT.—The Secretary is authorized to enter into an agreement described in subclause (II) of clause (i) with the Association covering such secondary market activities. Any agreement entered into under such subclause shall cover a period of 12 months, but may be renewed if the Secretary determines that liquidity remains inadequate. The fee provided under subsection (h)(7) shall not apply to loans acquired under any such agreement with the Secretary.

“(B) ISSUANCE OF DEBT OBLIGATIONS DURING THE WIND UP PERIOD; ATTRIBUTES OF DEBT OBLIGATIONS.—The Association shall not issue debt obligations which mature later than July 1, 2013, except in connection with serving as a lender of last resort pursuant to subsection (q) or with purchasing loans under an agreement with the Secretary as described in subparagraph (A). Nothing in this subsection shall modify the attributes accorded the debt obligations of the Association by this section, regardless of whether such debt obligations are transferred to a trust in accordance with paragraph (3).

“(C) USE OF ASSOCIATION NAME.—The Association may not transfer or permit the use of the name ‘Student Loan Marketing Association’, ‘Sallie Mae’, or any variation thereof, to or by any entity other than a subsidiary of the Association.”.

(d) REPEALS.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Sections 439 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–2) and 440 of such Act (as added by subsection (a) of this section) are repealed.

(2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The repeals made by paragraph (1) shall be effective one year after—

(A) the date on which all of the obligations of the trust established under section 440(d)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (as added by subsection (a)) have been extinguished, if a reorganization occurs in accordance with section 440 of such Act; or

(B) the date on which all of the obligations of the trust established under subsection 439(h)(3)(A) of such Act (as added by subsection (c)) have been extinguished, if a reorganization does not occur in accordance with section 440 of such Act.

(e) ASSOCIATION NAMES.—Upon dissolution in accordance with section 439(h) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–2), the names ‘Student Loan Marketing Association’, ‘Sallie Mae’, and any variations thereof may not be used by any entity engaged in any business similar to the business conducted pursuant to section 439 of such Act (as such section was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) without the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury.
