110 STAT. 3009-699         PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(aa) a team that is a member of an 
association of 6 or more professional sports 
teams whose total combined revenue exceed 
$10,000,000 per year, if the association gov- 
erns the conduct of its members and regulates 
the contests and exhibitions in which its mem- 
ber teams regularly engage; or 
“(bb) any minor league team that is affili- 
ated with such an association.”.

(b) CLASSIFICATION PETITIONS.—Section 204 (8 U.S.C. 1154) 
is amended by adding at the end the following:
“(i) PROFESSIONAL ATHLETES.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—A petition under subsection (a)(4)(D) 
for classification of a professional athlete shall remain valid 
for the athlete after the athlete changes employers, if the 
new employer is a team in the same sport as the team which 
was the employer who filed the petition.
“(2) DEFINITION.—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term 
‘professional athlete’ means an individual who is employed 
as an athlete by—
“(A) a team that is a member of an association of 
6 or more professional sports teams whose total combined 
revenues exceed $10,000,000 per year, if the association 
governs the conduct of its members and regulates the con- 
tests and exhibitions in which its member teams regularly 
engage; or
“(B) any minor league team that is affiliated with 
such an association.”.

SEC. 625. FOREIGN STUDENTS.
(a) LIMITATIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 214 (8 U.S.C. 1184) is amended 
by adding at the end the following new subsection:
“(1) (1) An alien may not be accorded status as a nonimmigrant 
under section 101(a)(15)(F)(i) in order to pursue a course of study—
“(A) at a public elementary school or in a publicly funded 
adult education program; or
“(B) at a public secondary school unless—
“(i) the aggregate period of such status at such a school 
does not exceed 12 months with respect to any alien, and
“(ii) the alien demonstrates that the alien has reimbursed 
the local educational agency that administers the school 
for the full, unsubsidized per capita cost of providing edu- 
cation at such school for the period of the alien’s attend- 
ance.
“(2) An alien who obtains the status of a nonimmigrant under 
section 101(a)(15)(F)(i) in order to pursue a course of study at 
a private elementary or secondary school or in a language training 
program that is not publicly funded shall be considered to have 
violated such status, and the alien’s visa under section 101(a)(15)(F) 
shall be void, if the alien terminates or abandons such course 
of study at such a school and undertakes a course of study at 
a public elementary school, in a publicly funded adult education 
program, in a publicly funded adult education language training 
program, or at a public secondary school (unless the requirements 
of paragraph (1)(B) are met).”.