PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996       110 STAT. 3009–422

          ‘‘SEC. 814A. INCENTIVES FOR SELF-TESTING AND SELF-CORRECTION.

                                                          42 USC 3614–1.

          ‘‘(a) PRIVILEGED INFORMATION.—
                    ‘‘(1) CONDITIONS FOR PRIVILEGE.—A report or result of a self-test (as that term is defined by regulation of the Secretary) 
                           shall be considered to be privileged under paragraph (2) if any person—
                             ‘‘(A) conducts, or authorizes an independent third party to conduct, a self-test of any aspect of a residential real
                                        estate related lending transaction of that person, or any part of that transaction, in order to determine the level
                                        or effectiveness of compliance with this title by that person; 
                                 and
                             ‘‘(B) has identified any possible violation of this title
                               by that person and has taken, or is taking, appropriate
                               corrective action to address any such possible violation.
                    ‘‘(2) PRIVILEGED SELF-TEST.—If a person meets the condi-
                           tions specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1)
                           with respect to a self-test described in that paragraph, any
                           report or results of that self-test—
                             ‘‘(A) shall be privileged; and 
                             ‘‘(B) may not be obtained or used by any applicant,
                                        department, or agency in any—
                                  ‘‘(i) proceeding or civil action in which one or more
                                                 violations of this title are alleged; or
                                  ‘‘(ii) examination or investigation relating to
                                                 compliance with this title.
          ‘‘(b) RESULTS OF SELF-TESTING.—
                    ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—No provision of this section may be
                           construed to prevent an aggrieved person, complainant, depart-
                           ment, or agency from obtaining or using a report or results
                           of any self-test in any proceeding or civil action in which 
                           a violation of this title is alleged, or in any examination or
                           investigation of compliance with this title if—
                             ‘‘(A) the person to whom the self-test relates or any
                                        person with lawful access to the report or the results—
                                  ‘‘(i) voluntarily releases or discloses all, or any
                                                 part of, the report or results to the aggrieved person,
                                                 complainant, department, or agency, or to the general
                                                 public; or 
                                  ‘‘(ii) refers to or describes the report or results
                                                 as a defense to charges of violations of this title against
                                                 the person to whom the self-test relates; or
                             ‘‘(B) the report or results are sought in conjunction
                               with an adjudication or admission of a violation of this
                               title for the sole purpose of determining an appropriate
                               penalty or remedy. 
                    ‘‘(2) DISCLOSURE FOR DETERMINATION OF PENALTY OR REM-
                           EDY.—Any report or results of a self-test that are disclosed
                           for the purpose specified in paragraph (1)(B)—
                             ‘‘(A) shall be used only for the particular proceeding
                                        in which the adjudication or admission referred to in para-
                                        graph (1)(B) is made; and 
                             ‘‘(B) may not be used in any other action or proceeding.
          ‘‘(c) ADJUDICATION.—An aggrieved person, complainant, depart-
                    ment, or agency that challenges a privilege asserted under this
                    section may seek a determination of the existence and application
                    of that privilege in—