PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–536

of timber, grazing, and land development rights to implement plans, programs, measures, and projects.
     (e) TERMS AND VACANCIES.—Members of the Working Group representing governmental agencies or entities shall be named by the represented government agency. Members of the Working Group representing private interests shall be named in accordance with the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Working Group. Representatives from Federal agencies will serve for terms of 3 years. Vacancies which occur for any reason after the date of enactment of this title shall be filled in accordance with this title.
     (f) ADDITIONAL PROJECTS.—Where existing authority and appropriations permit, Federal agencies may contribute to the implementation of projects recommended by the Working Group and approved by the Secretary.
     (g) RIGHTS, DUTIES AND AUTHORITIES UNAFFECTED.—The Working Group will supplement, rather than replace, existing efforts to manage the natural resources of the Deschutes Basin. Nothing in this title affects any legal right, duty or authority of any person or agency, including any member of the working group.
     (h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 1997 through 2001.

TITLE IV—MOUNT HOOD CORRIDOR

SEC. 401. LAND EXCHANGE.
     (a) AUTHORIZATION.—Notwithstanding any other law, if Longview Fibre Company (referred to in this section as ‘‘Longview’’) offers and conveys title that is acceptable to the United States to some or all of the land described in subsection (b), the Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to Longview title to some or all of the land described in subsection (c), as necessary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (d).
     (b) LAND TO BE OFFERED BY LONGVIEW.—The land referred to in subsection (a) to be offered by Longview are those lands depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Mt. Hood Corridor Land Exchange Map’’, dated July 18, 1996.
     (c) LAND TO BE CONVEYED BY THE SECRETARY.—The land referred to in subsection (a) as the land to be conveyed by the Secretary are those lands depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Mt. Hood Corridor Land Exchange Map’’, dated July 18, 1996.
     (d) EQUAL VALUE.—The land and interests in land exchanged under this section shall be of equal market value as determined by nationally recognized appraisal standards, including, to the extent appropriate, the Uniform Standards for Federal Land Acquisition, the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or shall be equalized by way of payment of cash pursuant to the provisions of section 206(d) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(d)), and other applicable law.
     (e) REDESIGNATION OF LAND TO MAINTAIN REVENUE FLOW.—So as to maintain the current flow of revenue from land subject to the Act entitled ‘‘An Act relating to the revested Oregon and California Railroad and reconveyed Coos Bay Wagon Road grant land situated in the State of Oregon’’, approved August 28, 1937