110 STAT. 3009-693           PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

country with permanent resident status or the reasonable possibility of obtaining such status with the same rights and obligations pertaining to other permanent residents of that country; or
`(E) the alien has acquired a new nationality and enjoys the protection of the country of his or her new nationality.
`(3) REMOVAL WHEN ASYLUM IS TERMINATED.—An alien described in paragraph (2) is subject to any applicable grounds of inadmissibility or deportability under section 212(a) and 237(a), and the alien’s removal or return shall be directed by the Attorney General in accordance with sections 240 and 241.
`(d) ASYLUM PROCEDURE.—
`(1) APPLICATIONS.—The Attorney General shall establish a procedure for the consideration of asylum applications filed under subsection (a). The Attorney General may require applicants to submit fingerprints and a photograph at such time and in such manner to be determined by regulation by the Attorney General.
`(2) EMPLOYMENT.—An applicant for asylum is not entitled to employment authorization, but such authorization may be provided under regulation by the Attorney General. An applicant who is not otherwise eligible for employment authorization shall not be granted such authorization prior to 180 days after the date of filing of the application for asylum.
`(3) FEES.—The Attorney General may impose fees for the consideration of an application for asylum, for employment authorization under this section, and for adjustment of status under section 209(b). Such fees shall not exceed the Attorney General’s costs in adjudicating the applications. The Attorney General may provide for the assessment and payment of such fees over a period of time or by installments. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require the Attorney General to charge fees for adjudication services provided to asylum applicants, or to limit the authority of the Attorney General to set adjudication and naturalization fees in accordance with section 286(m).
`(4) NOTICE OF PRIVILEGE OF COUNSEL AND CONSEQUENCES BEFORE FILING OF FRIVOLOUS APPLICATION.—At the time of filing an application for asylum, the Attorney General shall—
`(A) advise the alien of the privilege of being represented by counsel and of the consequences, under paragraph (6), of knowingly filing a frivolous application for asylum; and
`(B) provide the alien a list of persons (updated not less often than quarterly) who have indicated their availability to represent aliens in asylum proceedings on a pro bono basis.
`(5) CONSIDERATION OF ASYLUM APPLICATIONS.—
`(A) PROCEDURES.—The procedure established under paragraph (1) shall provide that—
`(i) asylum cannot be granted until the identity of the applicant has been checked against all appropriate records or databases maintained by the Attorney General and by the Secretary of State, including the Automated Visa Lookout System, to determine any grounds on which the alien may be inadmissible to