PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996    110 STAT. 3009–310

section and are to become effective on or after the effective date of this section;
  shall continue in effect according to their terms until modified,
  terminated, superseded, set aside, or revoked in accordance with
  law by the President, the Director of the Institute of Museum
  and Library Services or other authorized official, a court of com-
  petent jurisdiction, or by operation of law.
  (2) PROCEEDINGS NOT AFFECTED.—This section shall not affect
  any proceedings, including notices of proposed rulemaking, or any
  application for any license, permit, certificate, or financial assistance
  pending before the Institute of Museum Services on the effective
  date of this section, with respect to functions transferred by this
  section. Such proceedings and applications shall be continued.
  Orders shall be issued in such proceedings, appeals shall be taken
  from the orders, and payments shall be made pursuant to the
  orders, as if this section had not been enacted, and orders issued
  in any such proceedings shall continue in effect until modified,
  terminated, superseded, or revoked by a duly authorized official,
  by a court of competent jurisdiction, or by operation of law. Nothing
  in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit the discontinuance
  or modification of any such proceeding under the same terms and
  conditions and to the same extent that such proceeding could have
  been discontinued or modified if this section had not been enacted.
  (3) SUITS NOT AFFECTED.—This section shall not affect suits
  commenced before the effective date of this section, and in
  all such suits, proceedings shall be had, appeals taken, and
  judgments rendered in the same manner and with the same
  effect as if this section had not been enacted.
  (4) NONABATEMENT OF ACTIONS.—No suit, action, or other
  proceeding commenced by or against the Institute of Museum
  Services, or by or against any individual in the official capacity
  of such individual as an officer of the Institute of Museum
  Services, shall abate by reason of the enactment of this section.
  (5) ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS RELATING TO PROMULGATION
  OF REGULATIONS.—Any administrative action relating to the
  preparation or promulgation of a regulation by the Institute
  of Museum Services relating to a function transferred under
  this section may be continued by the Institute of Museum
  and Library Services with the same effect as if this section
  had not been enacted.
  (k) TRANSITION.—The Director of the Institute of Museum and
  Library Services may utilize—
    (1) the services of such officers, employees, and other
    personnel of the Institute of Museum Services with respect
    to functions transferred to the Institute of Museum and Library
    Services by this section; and
    (2) funds appropriated to such functions for such period
     of time as may reasonably be needed to facilitate the orderly
    implementation of this section.
  (l) REFERENCES.—A reference in any other Federal law, Execu-
tive order, rule, regulation, or delegation of authority, or any docu-
ment of or relating to—
    (1) the Director of the Institute of Museum Services with
     regard to functions transferred under subsection (b), shall be
     deemed to refer to the Director of the Institute of Museum
     and Library Services; and