PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996       110 STAT. 3009-22

(iv) will have a substantially adverse effect on the environment;
(v) will incur costs which outweigh the benefits of their inclusion, including an evaluation of the probable production and regulatory cost of compliance to the industry, and the costs and effects on consumers, including the effect on the demand for ammunition; and
(vi) can be evaded, and with what degree of difficulty, by terrorists or terrorist organizations, including evading tracer elements by the use of precursor chemicals to make black or other powders; and
(B) provide for consultation on the study with Federal, State, and local officials, non-governmental organizations, including all national police organizations, national sporting organizations, and national industry associations with expertise in this area and such other individuals as shall be deemed necessary.
(3) REPORT AND COSTS. The study conducted under this subsection shall be presented to Congress 12 months after the enactment of this subsection and be made available to the public, including any data tapes or data used to form such recommendations. There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the study.”;
SEC. 114. (a) Section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence following the second subparagraph (I) by deleting “(C),”.
(b) Section 524(c)(8)(A) is amended by deleting “(C),”.
SEC. 115. Effective with the enactment of this Act and in any fiscal year hereafter, under policies established by the Attorney General, the Department of Justice may reimburse employees who are paid by an appropriation account within the Department of Justice an are traveling on behalf of the United States in temporary duty status to investigate, prosecute, or litigate (including the provision of support therefor) a criminal or civil matter, or for other similar special circumstances, for Federal, State, and local taxes incurred hereafter resulting from any reimbursement of travel expenses from an appropriation account within the Department of Justice: Provided, That such reimbursement may include an amount equal to all income taxes for which the employee would be liable due to such reimbursement.
SEC. 116. Section 524 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding a new subsection (d) as follows:
(d)(1) The Attorney General may accept, hold, administer, and use gifts, devises, and bequests of any property for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Department of Justice.
(2) Gifts, devises, and bequests of money, the proceeds of the sale or liquidation of any other property accepted hereunder, and any income accruing from any property accepted hereunder—
(A) shall be deposited in the Treasury in a separate fund and held in trust by the Secretary of the Treasury for the benefit of the Department of Justice; and
(B) are hereby appropriated, without fiscal year limitation, and shall be disbursed on order of the Attorney General.
(3) Upon request of the Attorney General, the Secretary of the Treasury may invest and reinvest the fund described herein in public debt securities with maturities suitable for the needs
28 USC 509 note.