PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996          110 STAT. 3009-338

employees. The Administrator shall give Federal employees priority in using the telecommuting centers.

"(3)(A) The Administrator shall charge user fees for the use of any telecommuting center. The amount of the user fee shall approximate commercial charges for comparable space and services except that in no instance shall such fee be less than that necessary to pay the cost of establishing and operating the center, including the reasonable cost of renovation and replacement of furniture, fixtures, and equipment.

"(B) Amounts received by the Administrator after September 30, 1993, as user fees for use of any telecommuting center may be deposited into the Fund established under subsection (f) of this section and may be used by the Administrator to pay costs incurred in the establishment and operation of the center.

"(4) The Administrator may provide guidance, assistance, and oversight to any person regarding establishment and operation of alternative workplace arrangements, such as telecommuting, hoteling, virtual offices, and other distributive work arrangements.

"(5) In considering whether to acquire any space, quarters, buildings, or other facilities for use by employees of any executive agency, the head of that agency shall consider whether the need for the facilities can be met using alternative workplace arrangements referred to in paragraph (4).".

(b) Section 13 of the Public Building Act of 1959, as amended, (107 Stat. 438; 40 U.S.C. 612) is amended—
    (1) by striking "xiv)" and inserting in lieu thereof "(xii)"; and
    (2) by striking "and (x)" and inserting in lieu thereof "(x) telecommuting centers and (xi)".

Sec. 408. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator of General Services is authorized and directed to acquire the land bounded by S.W. First Avenue, S.W. Second Avenue, S.W. Main Street, and S.W. Madison Street, Portland, Oregon, for the purposes of constructing the proposed Law Enforcement Center on the site.

SEC. 409. Section 2815 of Public Law 103-160, relating to the conveyance of real property at the Iowa Army Ammunition Plant, is amended—
    (1) in subsection (a), by striking "may convey to" and inserting "shall convey, without reimbursement and if requested by,"; and
    (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsection:
    "(b) USE OF WATER AND SEWER LINES.—As part of the conveyance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall permit the City to use existing water and sewer lines and sewage system at the Iowa Army Ammunition Plant for a three-year period beginning on the date of the conveyance.".

SEC. 410. (a) CONVEYANCE OF LAND.—
    (1) ADMINISTRATOR OF GENERAL SERVICES.-Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Administrator of General Services (hereinafter in this section referred to as the "Administrator") shall convey, without compensation, to a nonprofit organization known as the "Beaver County Corporation for Economic Development" all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to those pieces or parcels of land in Hopewell Township, Pennsylvania, described in subsection (b), together with all