110 STAT. 3009-155  PUBLIC LAW 104-208-SEPT. 30, 1996

and the President pro tempore of the Senate concerning the articles transferred and the disposition thereof.
(c) There are authorized to be appropriated to the President such sums as may be necessary to reimburse the applicable appropriation, fund, or account for defense articles provided under this section.

RESTRICTIONS ON THE TERMINATION OF SANCTIONS AGAINST SERBIA AND MONTENEGRO

Sec. 540. (a) RESTRICTIONS.-Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no sanction, prohibition, or requirement described in section 1511 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160), with respect to Serbia or Montenegro, may cease to be effective, unless—
(1) the President first submits to the Congress a certification described in subsection (b); and
(2) the requirements of section 1511 of that Act are met.
(b) CERTIFICATION.-A certification described in this subsection is a certification that—
(1) there is substantial progress toward—
(A) the realization of a separate identity for Kosova and the right of the people of Kosova to govern themselves; or
(B) the creation of an international protectorate for Kosova;
(2) there is substantial improvement in the human rights situation in Kosova;
(3) international human rights observers are allowed to 
return to Kosova; and
(4) the elected government of Kosova is permitted to meet and carry out its legitimate mandate as elected representatives of the people of Kosova.
(c) WAIVER AUTHORITY.-The President may waive the application in whole or in part, of subsection (a) if the President certifies to the Congress that the President has determined that the waiver is necessary to meet emergency humanitarian needs or to achieve a negotiated settlement of the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina that is acceptable to the parties.

SPECIAL AUTHORITIES

SEC. 541. (a) Funds appropriated in title II of this Act that are made available for Afghanistan, Lebanon, and Cambodia, and for victims of war, displaced children, displaced Burmese, humanitarian assistance for Romania, and humanitarian assistance for the peoples of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, and Kosova, may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law: Provided, That any such funds that are made available for Cambodia shall be subject to the provisions of section 531(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and section 906 of the International Security and Development Cooperation Act of 1985: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for any country or organization that the Secretary of State determines is cooperating, tactically or strategically, with the Khmer Rouge in their military operations or the military of any country that is not acting vigorously to prevent its members from facilitating the export of timber from