PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996  110 STAT. 3009-380

carry out, or complete such audit or investigation or to issue such subpoena, if the Governors determine that such prohibition is necessary to prevent the disclosure of any information described under clause (i) or to prevent the significant impairment to the national interests of the United States.
		‘‘(iii) If the Governors exercise any power under clause (i) or (ii), the Governors shall notify the Inspector General in writing stating the reasons for such exercise. Within 30 days after receipt of any such notice, the Inspector General shall transmit a copy of such notice to the Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight of the House of Representatives, and to other appropriate committees or subcommittees of the Congress.
	‘‘(B) In carrying out the duties and responsibilities specified in this Act, the Inspector General—
		‘‘(i) may initiate, conduct and supervise such audits and investigations in the United States Postal Service as the Inspector General considers appropriate; and
		‘‘(ii) shall give particular regard to the activities of the Postal Inspection Service with a view toward avoiding duplication and insuring effective coordination and cooperation.
	‘‘(C) Any report required to be transmitted by the Governors to the appropriate committees or subcommittees of the Congress under section 5(d) shall also be transmitted, within the seventyday period specified under such section, to the Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight of the House of Representatives.
		‘‘(3) Nothing in this Act shall restrict, eliminate, or otherwise adversely affect any of the rights, privileges, or benefits of either employees of the United States Postal Service, or labor organizations representing employees of the United States Postal Service, under chapter 12 of title 39, United States Code, the National Labor Relations Act, any handbook or manual affecting employee labor relations with the United States Postal Service, or any collective bargaining agreement.
		‘‘(4) As used in this subsection, the term ‘Governors’ has the meaning given such term by section 102(3) of title 39, United States Code.’’.
	(b) TECHNICAL CORRECTION.—The Inspector General Act of 　　　　　　　5 USC app.
1978 is amended by redesignating the second section which
is designated as section 8G as section 8H.
	(c) PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMPENSATION.—
		(1) INSPECTOR GENERAL.—Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
		‘‘Inspector General, United States Postal Service.’’.
The amendment made by the preceding sentence shall apply not- 　　　　　　　5 USC 5315 note.
withstanding section 410 or any other provision of title 39, United States Code.
		(2) OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE; POSTAL INSPECTORS.—
			(A) IN GENERAL.—Section 1003 of title 39, United States Code, is amended—
				(i) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (d); and
				(ii) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: