110 STAT. 3009–545  PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(1) studying, identifying, and mapping areas where the consolidation of land ownership via land exchanges could promote the goals of long term species and watershed protection and utilization, including but not limited to the goals of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 more effectively than current land ownership patterns and whether any changes in law or policy applicable to such lands after consummation of an exchange would be advisable or necessary to achieve such goals;
(2) studying, identifying and mapping areas where land exchanges might be utilized to better satisfy the goals of sustainable timber harvest, including studying whether changes in existing law or policy applicable to such lands after consummation of an exchange would be advisable or necessary to achieve such goals;
(3) identifying issues and studying options and alternatives, including possible changes in existing law or policy, to insure that combined post-exchange revenues to units of local government from State and local property, severance, and other taxes or levies and shared Federal land receipts will approximate pre-exchange revenues;
(4) identifying issues and studying whether possible changes in law, special appraisal instruction, or changes in certain Federal appraisal procedures might be advisable or necessary to facilitate the appraisal of potential exchange lands which may have special characteristics or restrictions affecting land values;
(5) identifying issues and studying options and alternatives, including changes in existing laws or policy, for achieving land exchanges without reducing the net supply of timber available to small businesses;
(6) identifying, mapping, and recommending potential changes in land use plans, land classifications, or other actions which might be advisable or necessary to expedite, facilitate or consummate land exchanges in certain areas;
(7) analyzing potential sources for new or enhanced Federal, State, or other funding to promote improved resource protection, species recovery, and management in the basin; and
(8) identifying and analyzing whether increased efficiency and better land and resource management could occur through either consolidation of Federal forest management under one agency or exchange lands between the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management.

SEC. 802. REPORT TO CONGRESS.
No later than February 1, 1998, ULEP and the Secretaries shall submit a joint report to the Committee on Resources of the United States House of Representatives and to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the United States Senate concerning their studies, findings, recommendations, mapping and other activities conducted pursuant to this title.

SEC. 803. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
In furtherance of the purposes of this title, there is hereby authorized to be appropriated the sum of $2 million, to remain available until expended.