PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996        110 STAT. 3009–100

That this prohibition may be waived by the Secretary of a Military Department if the Secretary determines it is in the best national security interest of the United States to provide such waiver and so notifies the congressional defense committees in writing.

SEC. 8056. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 1998.

SEC. 8057. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act for the Defense Intelligence Agency may be used for the design, development, and deployment of General Defense Intelligence Program intelligence communications and intelligence information systems for the Services, the Unified and Specified Commands, and the component commands.

SEC. 8058. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated in this Act for the High Performance Computing Modernization Program shall be made available only for the acquisition, modernization and sustainment of supercomputing capability and capacity at Department of Defense (DoD) science and technology sites under the cognizance of the Director of Defense Research and Engineering and DoD test and evaluation facilities under the Director of Test and Evaluation, OUSD (A&T): Provided, That these funds shall be awarded based on user-defined requirements.
(b) Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading “Procurement, Defense-Wide”, $124,735,000 shall be made available for the High Performance Computing Modernization Program. Of the total funds made available for the program pursuant to this subsection, $20,000,000 shall be for the Army High Performance Computing Research Center.

SEC. 8059. Of the funds appropriated by the Department of Defense under the heading “Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide”, not less than $8,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities.
SEC. 8060. Amounts collected for the use of the facilities of the National Science Center for Communications and Electronics during the current fiscal year pursuant to section 1459(g) of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 and deposited to the special account established under subsection 1459(g)(2) of that Act are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the operation and maintenance of the Center as provided for in subsection 1459(g)(2).

SEC. 8061. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to fill the commander’s position at any military medical facility with a health care professional unless the prospective candidate can demonstrate professional administrative skills.

SEC. 8062. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term “Buy American Act” means title III of the Act entitled “An Act making appropriations for the Treasury and Post Office Departments for the fiscal year