PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

the most sensitive present and future use of the Scenic Recreation Area and its various subareas for the benefit of the public:

(1) ADVISORY COUNCIL.—The Secretary shall consult on a periodic and regular basis with the advisory council established under section 106 with respect to matters relating to management of the Scenic Recreation Area.

(2) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION.—The Secretary shall seek the views of private groups, individuals, and the public concerning the Scenic Recreation Area.

(3) OTHER AGENCIES.—The Secretary shall seek the views and assistance of, and cooperate with, any other Federal, State, or local agency with any responsibility for the zoning, planning, or natural resources of the Scenic Recreation Area.

(4) NONPROFIT AGENCIES AND ORGANIZATIONS.—The Secretary shall seek the views of any nonprofit agency or organization that may contribute information or expertise about the resources and the management of the Scenic Recreation Area.

SEC. 106. ADVISORY COUNCIL.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 90 days after the establishment of the Scenic Recreation Area, the Secretary shall establish an advisory council for the Scenic Recreation Area.

(b) MEMBERSHIP.—The advisory council shall consist of not more than 13 members, of whom—

        (1) 1 member shall represent Marion County, Oregon, and shall be designated by the governing body of the county;

        (2) 1 member shall represent the State of Oregon and shall be designated by the Governor of Oregon; and 

        (3) 1 member shall represent the city of Salem, and shall be designated by the mayor of Salem, Oregon;

        (4) 1 member from a city within a 25-mile radius of the Opal Creek Scenic Recreation Area, to be designated by the Governor of the State of Oregon from a list of candidates provided by the mayors of the cities located within a 25-mile radius of the Opal Creek Scenic Recreation Area; and

        (5) not more than 9 members shall be appointed by the Secretary from among persons who, individually or through association with a national or local organization, have an interest in the administration of the Scenic Recreation Area, including, but not limited to, representatives of the timber industry, environmental organizations, the mining industry, inholders in the Opal Creek Wilderness and Scenic Recreation Area, economic development interests and Indian Tribes.

(c) STAGGERED TERMS.—Members of the advisory council shall serve for staggered terms of three years.

(d) CHAIRMAN.—The Secretary shall designate one member of the advisory council as chairman.

(e) VACANCIES.—The Secretary shall fill a vacancy on the advisory council in the same manner as the original appointment.

(f) COMPENSATION.—Members of the advisory council shall receive no compensation for service on the advisory council.

SEC. 107. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

(a) LAND ACQUISITION.—

        (1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to the other provisions of this title the Secretary may acquire any lands or interests in land in the Scenic Recreation Area or the Opal Creek Wilderness

110 STAT. 3009–528