110 STAT. 3009-379  PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

    ‘‘(3) The Inspector General may at any time be removed upon
    the written concurrence of at least 7 Governors, but only for cause.
    Nothing in this subsection shall be considered to exempt the Gov-
    ernors from the requirements of section 8G(e) of the Inspector
    General Act of 1978.’’.
        (2) DEFINITION.—Section 102 of title 39, United States
    Code, is amended—
            (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (2);
            (B) by striking the period at the end of paragraph
        (3) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and
            (C) by adding at the end the following:
            ‘‘(4) ‘Inspector General’ means the Inspector General
        appointed under section 202(e) of this title.’’.
        (3) SEPARATE ITEM IN ANNUAL BUDGET.—For purposes of
    the fifth sentence of section 2009 of title 39, United States
    Code, the operations of the Office of Inspector General of the
    United States Postal Service shall be considered a major type
    of activity.
    (b) AMENDMENTS TO THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ACT OF 1978.—
        (1) GOVERNORS AS HEAD OF THE POSTAL SERVICE.—Section
    8G(a)(4) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)
    is amended by striking ‘‘except that’’ and all that follows
    through the semicolon and inserting ‘‘except that—
            ‘‘(A) with respect to the National Science Foundation,
        such term means the National Science Board; and
            ‘‘(B) with respect to the United States Postal Service,
        such term means the Governors (within the meaning
        of section 102(3) of title 39, United States Code);’’.
        (2) SPECIAL RULES RELATING TO THE UNITED STATES POSTAL
    SERVICE.—Subsection (f) of section 8G of such Act is amended
    to read as follows:
        ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of carrying out subsection (c) with respect
    to the United States Postal Service, the appointment provisions
    of section 202(e) of title 39, United States Code, shall be applied.
        ‘‘(2) In carrying out the duties and responsibilities specified
    in this Act, the Inspector General of the United States Postal
    Service (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as the ‘Inspector
    General’) shall have oversight responsibility for all activities of
    the Postal Inspection Service, including any internal investigation
    performed by the Postal Inspection Service. The Chief Postal Inspec-
    tor shall promptly report the significant activities being carried
    out by the Postal Inspection Service to such Inspector General.
        ‘‘(3)(A)(i) Notwithstanding subsection (d), the Inspector General
    shall be under the authority, direction, and control of the Governors
    with respect to audits or investigations, or the issuance of subpoe-
    nas, which require access to sensitive information concerning—
            ‘‘(I) ongoing civil or criminal investigations or proceedings;
            ‘‘(II) undercover operations;
            ‘‘(III) the identity of confidential sources, including pro-
        tected witnesses;
            ‘‘(IV) intelligence or counterintelligence matters; or
            ‘‘(V) other matters the disclosure of which would constitute
        a serious threat to national security.
        ‘‘(ii) With respect to the information described under clause
    (i), the Governors may prohibit the Inspector General from carrying
    out or completing any audit or investigation, or from issuing any
    subpoena, after such Inspector General has decided to initiate,