110 STAT. 3009–729    PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(i) type of lender (separately addressing preferred lenders, certified lenders, and general participation lenders);
(ii) term of the loan;
(iii) dollar value of the loan at disbursement; and
(iv) underwriting characteristics of each loan that has entered into default, including term, amount and type of collateral, loan-to-value and other actual and projected ratios, line of business, credit history, and type of loan; and
(D) the economic models used by the Office of Management and Budget to calculate the credit subsidy rate applicable to the loan programs.
(3) PERIOD OF ASSESSMENT.—The assessments undertaken pursuant to paragraph (2) shall address data for the period beginning with fiscal year 1986 of each loan program described in paragraph (1).
(4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION.—The Administrator shall provide to the contractor access to any information collected by or available to the Administration with regard to the loan programs being assessed. The contactor shall preserve the confidentiality of any information for which confidentiality is protected by law or properly asserted by the person submitting such information.
(5) CONTRACT FUNDING.—The Administrator shall fund the cost of the contract from the amounts appropriated for the salaries and expenses of the Administration for fiscal year 1997.
(6) REPORT TO THE CONGRESS.—
(A) CONTENTS.—The contractor shall prepare a report of—
(i) its analyses of the matters to be assessed pursuant to paragraph (2); and
(ii) its independent recommendations for improving program performance with respect to each loan program, regarding—
(I) improving the timely collection and subsequent management by the Administration of data to measure the performance of each loan program described in paragraph (1); and
(II) reducing loss rates for and improving the performance of each such loan program.
(B) SUBMISSION TO THE CONGRESS.—Not later than June 30, 1997, the Administrator shall submit the report prepared under subparagraph (A) to the Committees on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Senate. The Administrator shall append his comments, and those of the Office of Management and Budget, if any, to the report.

SEC. 104. DISASTER LOANS.
15 USC 636 note.    (a) PRIVATE SECTOR LOAN SERVICING DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—
(A) DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM REQUIRED.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administration