PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996  110 STAT. 3009-534

(d) PUBLIC MEETINGS.—The Working Group shall conduct all meetings subject to applicable open meeting and public participation laws. The chartering requirements of 5 U.S.C. App 2 ss 1–15 are hereby deemed to have been met by this section.
(e) TERMS AND VACANCIES.—Working Group members shall serve for 3-year terms, beginning on the date of enactment of this title. Vacancies which occur for any reason after the date of enactment of this title shall be filled by direct appointment of the governor of the State of Oregon, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, in accordance with nominations from the appropriate groups, interests, and government agencies outlined in subsection (a)(2).
(f) RIGHTS, DUTIES AND AUTHORITIES UNAFFECTED.—The Working Group will supplement, rather than replace, existing efforts to manage the natural resources of the Klamath Basin. Nothing in this title affects any legal right, duty or authority of any person or agency, including any member of the working group.
(g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 1997 through 2002.
TITLE III—DESCHUTES BASIN
SEC. 301. DESCHUTES BASIN ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION PROJECTS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) WORKING GROUP.—The term “Working Group” means the Deschutes River Basin Working Group established before the date of enactment of this title, consisting of members nominated by their represented groups, including:
(A) 5 representatives of private interests including one each from hydroelectric production, livestock grazing, timber, land development, and recreation/tourism;
(B) 4 representatives of private interests including two each from irrigated agriculture and the environmental community;
(C) 2 representatives from the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon;
(D) 2 representatives from Federal agencies with authority and responsibility in the Deschutes River Basin, including one from the Department of the Interior and one from the Agriculture Department;
(E) 2 representatives from the State of Oregon agencies with authority and responsibility in the Deschutes River Basin, including one from the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife and one from the Oregon Water Resources Department; and
(F) 4 representatives from county or city governments within the Deschutes River Basin county and/or city governments.
(2) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Interior.
(3) FEDERAL AGENCIES.—The term “Federal agencies” means agencies and departments of the United States, including, but not limited to, the Bureau of Reclamation, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Fish and Wildlife Service, Forest Service, Natural Resources Conservation