110 STAT. 3009-651    PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

SEC. 382.	APPLICATION OF ADDITIONAL CIVIL PENALTIES TO 
                        ENFORCEMENT.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (b) of section 280 (8 U.S.C. 1330)
is amended to read as follows:
	“(b)(1) There is established in the general fund of the Treasury
a separate account which shall be known as the ‘Immigration
Enforcement Account’. Notwithstanding any other section of this
title, there shall be deposited as offsetting receipts into the Immigra- tion Enforcement Account amounts described in paragraph (2) to 
remain available until expended.
		“(2) The amounts described in this paragraph are the following:
		“(A) The increase in penalties collected resulting from the
	amendments made by sections 203(b) and 543(a) of the
	Immigration Act of 1990.
		“(B) Civil penalties collected under sections 240B(d), 274C,
	274D, and 275(b).
		“(3)(A)	The Secretary of the Treasury shall refund out of the
Immigration Enforcement Account to any appropriation the amount
paid out of such appropriation for expenses incurred by the Attorney
General for activities that enhance enforcement of provisions of
this title. Such activities include—
		“(i) the identification, investigation, apprehension, deten-
		tion, and removal of criminal aliens;
 		“(ii) the maintenance and updating of a system to identify
		and track criminal aliens, deportable aliens, inadmissible
		aliens, and aliens illegally entering the United States; and
		“(iii) for the repair, maintenance, or construction on the
		United States border, in areas experiencing high levels of
		apprehensions of illegal aliens, of structures to deter illegal
		entry into the United States.
		“(B) The amounts which are required to be refunded under
subparagraph (A) shall be refunded at least quarterly on the basis
of estimates made by the Attorney General of the expenses referred
to in subparagraph (A). Proper adjustments shall be made in the
amounts subsequently refunded under subparagraph (A) to the
extent prior estimates were in excess of, or less than, the amount
required to be refunded under subparagraph (A).
		“(C) The amounts required to be refunded from the Immigration
Enforcement Account for fiscal year 1996 and thereafter shall be
refunded in accordance with estimates made in the budget request
of the Attorney General for those fiscal years. Any proposed changes
in the amounts designated in such budget requests shall only be
made after notification to the Committees on Appropriations of
the House of Representatives and the Senate in accordance with
section 605 of Public Law 104-134.
		“(D) The Attorney General shall prepare and submit annually
to the Congress statements of financial condition of the Immigration 
Enforcement Account, including beginning account balance, reve-
nues, withdrawals, and ending account balance and projection for
the ensuing fiscal year.”.
(b) IMMIGRATION USER FEE ACCOUNT.—Section 286(h)(1)(B) (8
U.S.C. 1356(h)(1)(B)) is amended by striking “271” and inserting
“243(c), 271,”.
8 USC 1330 note.
(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section
shall apply to fines and penalties collected on or after the date of
the enactment of this Act.