PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996                 110 STAT. 3009-690

and data for each country of origin concerning the number and categories of aliens paroled, the duration of parole, the current status of aliens paroled, and the number and categories of aliens returned to the custody from which they were paroled during the preceding fiscal year.

SEC. 603. TREATMENT OF LONG-TERM PAROLEES IN APPLYING
                      WORLDWIDE NUMERICAL LIMITATIONS.

Section 201(c) (8 U.S.C. 1151(c)) is amended—
       (1) by amending paragraph (1)(A)(ii) to read as follows:
              “(ii) the sum of the number computed under paragraph (2) and the number computed under paragraph (4), plus”; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs:
       “(4) The number computed under this paragraph for a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 1999) is the number of aliens who were paroled into the United States under section 212(d)(5) in the second preceding fiscal year—
              “(A) who did not depart from the United States (without advance parole) within 365 days; and
              “(B) who (i) did not acquire the status of aliens lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence in the two preceding fiscal years, or (ii) acquired such status in such years under a provision of law (other than section 201(b)) which exempts such adjustment from the numerical limitation on the worldwide level of immigration under this section.
       “(5) If any alien described in paragraph (4) (other than an alien described in paragraph (4)(B)(ii)) is subsequently admitted as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence, such alien shall not again be considered for purposes of paragraph (1).”.

SEC.  604. ASYLUM REFORM.

(a)  ASYLUM REFORM.—Section 208 (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended to read as follows:

                                                      “ASYLUM

“SEC. 208. (a) AUTHORITY TO APPLY FOR ASYLUM.—
       “(1) IN GENERAL.—Any alien who is physically present in the United States or who arrives in the United States (whether or not at a designated port of arrival and including an alien who is brought to the United States after having been interdicted in international or United States waters), irrespective of such alien’s status, may apply for asylum in accordance with this section or, where applicable, section 235(b).
       “(2) EXCEPTIONS.—
              “(A) SAFE THIRD COUNTRY.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to an alien if the Attorney General determines that the alien may be removed, pursuant to a bilateral or multilateral agreement, to a country (other than the country of the alien’s nationality or, in the case of an alien having no nationality, the country of the alien’s last habitual residence) in which the alien’s life or freedom would not be threatened on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion, and where the alien would have access to a full and fair procedure for determining a claim to asylum or equivalent temporary protection, unless the Attorney General finds