PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-448

the agency complete and accurate, and shall not thereafter furnish to the agency any of the information that remains not complete or accurate.
 
“(3) DUTY TO PROVIDE NOTICE OF DISPUTE.—If the completeness or accuracy of any information furnished by any person to any consumer reporting agency is disputed to such person by a consumer, the person may not furnish the information to any consumer reporting agency without notice that such information is disputed by the consumer.

“(4) DUTY TO PROVIDE NOTICE OF CLOSED ACCOUNTS.—A person who regularly and in the ordinary course of business furnishes information to a consumer reporting agency regarding a consumer who has a credit account with that person shall notify the agency of the voluntary closure of the account by the consumer, in information regularly furnished for the period in which the account is closed.

“(5) DUTY TO PROVIDE NOTICE OF DELINQUENCY OF ACCOUNTS.—A person who furnishes information to a consumer reporting agency regarding a delinquent account being placed for collection, charged to profit or loss, or subjected to any similar action shall, not later than 90 days after furnishing the information, notify the agency of the month and year of the commencement of the delinquency that immediately preceded the action.

“(b) DUTIES OF FURNISHERS OF INFORMATION UPON NOTICE OF DISPUTE.—

“(1) IN GENERAL.—After receiving notice pursuant to section 611(a)(2) of a dispute with regard to the completeness or accuracy of any information provided by a person to a consumer reporting agency, the person shall—
 
“(A) conduct an investigation with respect to the disputed information;

“(B) review all relevant information provided by the consumer reporting agency pursuant to section 611(a)(2);

“(C) report the results of the investigation to the consumer reporting agency; and

“(D) if the investigation finds that the information is incomplete or inaccurate, report those results to all other consumer reporting agencies to which the person furnished the information and that compile and maintain files on consumers on a nationwide basis.

“(2) DEADLINE.—A person shall complete all investigations, reviews, and reports required under paragraph (1) regarding information provided by the person to a consumer reporting agency, before the expiration of the period under section 611(a)(1) within which the consumer reporting agency is required to complete actions required by that section regarding that information.

“(c) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.—Sections 616 and 617 do not apply to any failure to comply with subsection (a), except as provided in section 621(c)(1)(B).

“(d) LIMITATION ON ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (a) shall be enforced exclusively under section 621 by the Federal agencies and officials and the State officials identified in that section.”

(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of sections at the beginning of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a et