110 STAT. 3009-115 PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

program, project, subproject, and activity within each appropriation
account.
    SEC. 8121. The Secretary of Defense may waive reimbursement
of the cost of conferences, seminars, courses of instruction, or similar
educational activities of the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies
for military officers and civilian officials of foreign nations if the
Secretary determines that attendance by such personnel, without
reimbursement, is in the national security interest of the United
States: Provided, That costs for which reimbursement is waived
pursuant to this subsection shall be paid from appropriations available for the Asia-Pacific Center.
    SEC. 8122. (a) Of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made
available by this Act for the Department of the Air Force, $2,000,000
shall be available only for a facility at Lackland Air Force Base,
Texas to provide comprehensive care and rehabilitation services
to children with disabilities who are dependents of members of
the Armed Forces.
    (b) Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force
shall grant the funds made available under subsection (a) to the
Children’s Association for Maximum Potential (CAMP) for use by
the association to defray the costs of designing and constructing
the facility referred to in subsection (a).
    (c)(1) The Secretary may not make a grant of funds under
subsection (b) until the Secretary and the association enter into
an agreement under which the Secretary leases to the association
the facility to be constructed using the funds.
    (2) The term of the lease under subsection (c)(1) may not
be less than 25 years.
    (3) The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the lease as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.
    SEC. 8123. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may
be obligated or expended—
        (1) to reduce the number of units of special operations
    forces of the Army National Guard during fiscal year 1997;
        (2) to reduce the authorized strength of any such unit
    below the strength authorized for the unit as of September
    30, 1996; or
        (3) to apply any administratively imposed limitation on
    the assigned strength of any such unit at less than the strength
    authorized for that unit as of September 30, 1996.
    SEC. 8124. (a) The Secretary of the Army shall ensure that
solicitations for contracts for unrestricted procurement to be entered
into using funds appropriated for the Army by this Act include,
where appropriate, specific goals for subcontracts with small
businesses, small disadvantaged businesses, and women owned
small businesses.
    (b) The Secretary shall ensure that any subcontract entered
into pursuant to a solicitation referred to in subsection (a) that
meets a specific goal referred to in that subsection is credited
toward the overall goal of the Army for subcontracts with the
businesses referred to in that subsection.
    SEC. 8125. (a) The Secretary of the Air Force and the Director
of the Officer of Personnel Management shall submit a joint report
describing in detail the benefits, allowances, services, and any other
forms of assistance which may or shall be provided to any civilian
employee of the Federal Government or to any private citizen,