PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-292

(3) CORPORATE NAME.—The name of the Corporation, or of any direct or indirect subsidiary thereof, may not contain the term “College Construction Loan Insurance Association”, or any substantially similar variation thereof.

(4) ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.—The Corporation shall amend the Corporation’s articles of incorporation without delay to reflect that one of the purposes of the Corporation shall be to guarantee, insure, and reinsure bonds, leases, and other evidences of debt of educational institutions, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities and other academic institutions which are ranked in the lower investment grade category using a nationally recognized credit rating system.

(5) REQUIREMENTS UNTIL STOCK SALE.—Notwithstanding subsection (d), the requirements of sections 754 and 760 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1132f–3 and 1132f–9), as such sections were in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall continue to be effective until the day immediately following the date of closing of the purchase of the Secretary of Education’s stock (or the date of closing of the final purchase, in the case of multiple transactions) pursuant to subsection (c)(1) of this Act.

(c) SALE OF FEDERALLY OWNED STOCK.—

(1) PURCHASE BY THE CORPORATION.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall sell and the Corporation shall purchase, within 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the stock of the Corporation held by the Secretary of Education at a price determined in the manner set forth under paragraph (4) using an independent financial firm, except that the 90-day period may be extended by mutual agreement of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Corporation to not more than 150 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The appraiser shall be jointly selected by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Corporation. In the event that the Secretary of the Treasury and the Corporation cannot agree on the appraiser, then the Secretary of the Treasury and the Corporation shall name an independent third party to select the appraiser.

(2) REIMBURSEMENT OF COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SALE.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall be reimbursed from the proceeds of the sale of the stock under this subsection for all reasonable costs and expenses related to such sale, except that one-half of all reasonable costs and expenses relating to the independent appraisal under paragraph (1) shall be borne by the Corporation.

(3) DEPOSIT INTO ACCOUNT.—Amounts collected from the sale of stock pursuant to this subsection that are not used to reimburse the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be deposited into the account established under subsection (e).

(4) ASSISTANCE BY THE CORPORATION.—The Corporation shall provide such assistance as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Education may require to facilitate the sale of the stock under this subsection.

(5) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall report to the appropriate committees of Congress on the completion and terms of the sale of stock of the Corporation pursuant to this subsection.