PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-634

(1) changes in Federal laws, regulations, and policies affecting the identification, prosecution, and deportation of aliens who have committed criminal offenses in the United States;
(2) changes in State and local laws, regulations, and policies affecting the identification, prosecution, and deportation of aliens who have committed a criminal offense in the United States;
(3) changes in the treaties that may be necessary to increase the number of aliens convicted of criminal offenses who may be transferred pursuant to the treaties;
(4) methods for preventing the unlawful reentry into the United States of aliens who have been convicted of criminal offenses in the United States and transferred pursuant to the treaties;
(5) any recommendations by appropriate officials of the appropriate government agencies of such countries regarding programs to achieve the goals of, and ensure full compliance with, the treaties;
(6) whether the recommendations under this subsection require the renegotiation of the treaties; and
(7) the additional funds required to implement each recommendation under this subsection.

SEC. 332. ANNUAL REPORT ON CRIMINAL ALIENS.

Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate a report detailing—
(1) the number of illegal aliens incarcerated in Federal and State prisons for having committed felonies, stating the number incarcerated for each type of offense;
(2) the number of illegal aliens convicted of felonies in any Federal or State court, but not sentenced to incarceration, in the year before the report was submitted, stating the number convicted for each type of offense;
(3) programs and plans underway in the Department of Justice to ensure the prompt removal from the United States of criminal aliens subject to removal; and
(4) methods for identifying and preventing the unlawful reentry of aliens who have been convicted of criminal offenses in the United States and removed from the United States.

SEC. 333. PENALTIES FOR CONSPIRING WITH OR ASSISTING AN ALIEN TO COMMIT AN OFFENSE UNDER THE CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND EXPORT ACT.

(a) REVIEW OF GUIDELINES.—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Sentencing Commission shall conduct a review of the guidelines applicable to an offender who conspires with, or aids or abets, a person who is not a citizen or national of the United States in committing any offense under section 1010 of the Controlled Substance Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960).
(b) REVISION OF GUIDELINES.—Following such review, pursuant to section 994(p) of title 28, United States Code, the Commission shall promulgate sentencing guidelines or amend existing sentencing guidelines to ensure an appropriately stringent sentence for such offenders.