110 STAT. 3009–561      PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(2) REPORT.—Not later than October 31, 1998, the Attorney General shall report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and of the Senate on the implementation of paragraph (1).
“(3) DATA COLLECTION.—Not later than November 1, 1997, and each subsequent November 1, the Attorney General shall compile data identifying—
“(A) the foreign airports which served as last points of departure for aliens who arrived by air at United States ports of entry without valid documentation during the preceding fiscal years;
“(B) the number and nationality of such aliens arriving from each such foreign airport; and
“(C) the primary routes such aliens followed from their country of origin to the United States.
“(4) ADDITIONAL STATIONS.—Subject to paragraph (5), not later than October 31, 2000, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall establish preinspection stations in at least 5 additional foreign airports which the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, determines, based on the data compiled under paragraph (3) and such other information as may be available, would most effectively reduce the number of aliens who arrive from abroad by air at points of entry within the United States who are inadmissible to the United States. Such preinspection stations shall be in addition to those established prior to the date of the enactment of such Act or pursuant to paragraph (1).
“(5) CONDITIONS.—Prior to the establishment of a preinspection station, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall ensure that—
“(A) employees of the United States stationed at the preinspection station and their accompanying family members will receive appropriate protection;
“(B) such employees and their families will not be subject to unreasonable risks to their welfare and safety; and
“(C) the country in which the preinspection station is to be established maintains practices and procedures with respect to asylum seekers and refugees in accordance with the Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees (done at Geneva, July 28, 1951), or the Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees (done at New York, January 31, 1967), or that an alien in the country otherwise has recourse to avenues of protection from return to persecution.
“(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF CARRIER CONSULTANT PROGRAM.—The Attorney General shall assign additional immigration officers to assist air carriers in the detection of fraudulent documents at foreign airports which, based on the records maintained pursuant to subsection (a)(3), served as a point of departure for a significant number of arrivals at United States ports of entry without valid documentation, but where no preinspection station exists.”.
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 235 the following:

“Sec. 235A. Preinspection at foreign airports.”.