PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-714

in the event of future shortages of domestic workers after the enactment of this Act. Among other things, the Comptroller General shall review the H-2A nonimmigrant worker program to deter- mine— 
(1) whether the program ensures that an adequate supply of qualified United States workers is available at the time and place needed for employers seeking such workers after the date of enactment of this Act; 
(2) whether the program ensures that there is timely approval of applications for temporary foreign workers under the program in the event of shortages of United States workers after the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(3) whether the program ensures that implementation of the program is not displacing United States agricultural work- ers or diminishing the terms and conditions of employment of United States agricultural workers; 
(4) if, and to what extent, the program is contributing to the problem of illegal immigration; and 
(5) that the program adequately meets the needs of agricul- tural employers for all types of temporary foreign agricultural workers, including higher-skilled workers in occupations which require a level of specific vocational preparation of 4 or higher (as described in the 4th edition of the Dictionary of Occupational Title, published by the Department of Labor). 
(c) REPORT—Not later than December 31, 1996, or 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act, whichever occurs earlier, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of the Congress setting forth the conclusions of the Comptroller General from the review conducted under subsection (b). 
(d) DEFINITIONS—As used in this section: (1) The term “Comptroller General” means the Comptroller General of the United States. (2) The term “H-2A nonimmigrant worker program” means the program for the admission of nonimmigrant aliens described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act.

SEC. 654. REPORT ON ALLEGATIONS OF HARASSMENT BY CANADIAN CUSTOMS AGENTS. (a)STUDY AND REVIEW—
(1) IN GENERAL—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of the United States Customs Service shall initiate a study of harassment by Canadian customs agents allegedly undertaken for the pur- pose of deterring cross-border commercial activity along the United-States-New Brunswick border. Such study shall include a review of the possible connection between any incidents of harassment and the discriminatory imposition of the New Brunswick provincial sales tax on goods purchased in the United States by New Brunswick residents, and with any actions taken by the Canadian provincial governments to deter cross-border commercial activities, 
(2) CONSULTATION—In conducting the study under para- graph (1), the Commissioner of the United States Customs Service shall consult with representatives of the State of Maine,
