110 STAT. 3009–671      PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

             “(v) status as a spouse or child of a United States
          citizen pursuant to clause (ii) of section 204(a)(1)(A)
          of such Act, or classification pursuant to clause (i)
          of section 204(a)(1)(B) of such Act; or
             “(2) an alien—
                  “(A) whose child has been battered or subjected to
               extreme cruelty in the United States by a spouse or a
               parent of the alien (without the active participation of
               the alien in the battery or cruelty), or by a member of
               the spouse or parent’s family residing in the same house-
               hold as the alien and the spouse or parent consented or
               acquiesced to such battery or cruelty, and the alien did
               not actively participate in such battery or cruelty, but
               only if (in the opinion of the Attorney General, which
               opinion is not subject to review by any court) there is
               a substantial connection between such battery or cruelty
               and the need for the benefits to be provided; and
                  “(B) who meets the requirement of clause (ii) of
               subparagraph (A).
          This subsection shall not apply to an alien during any period
          in which the individual responsible for such battery or cruelty
          resides in the same household or family eligibility unit as the
          individual subjected to such battery or cruelty.”.
          8 USC 1621 note.    SEC. 502. PILOT PROGRAMS ON LIMITING ISSUANCE OF DRIVER’S
                                         LICENSES TO ILLEGAL ALIENS.
               (a) IN GENERAL.—Pursuant to guidelines prescribed by the
          Attorney General not later than 6 months after the date of
          enactment of this Act, all States may conduct pilot programs within
          their State to determine the viability, advisabililty, and cost-
          effectiveness of the State’s denying driver’s licenses to aliens who
          are not lawfully present in the United States. Under a pilot program
          a State may deny a driver’s license to aliens who are not lawfully
          present in the United States. Such program shall be conducted
          in cooperation with relevant State and local authorities.
               (b) REPORT.—Not later than 3 years after the date of the
          enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit a report
          to the Judiciary Committees of the House of Representatives and
          of the Senate on the results of the pilot programs conducted under
          subsection (a).
           SEC. 503. INELIGIBILITY OF ALIENS NOT LAWFULLY PRESENT FOR
                                     SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS.
               (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 202 of the Social Security Act (42
          U.S.C. 402) is amended by adding at the end the following new
          subsection:
                    “Limitation on Payments to Aliens
               “(y) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no monthly
          benefit under this title shall be payable to any alien in the United
          States for any month during which such alien is not lawfully
          present in the United States as determined by the Attorney Gen-
          eral.”.
          42 USC 402 note.      (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)
          shall apply with respect to benefits for which applications are
          filed on or after the first day of the first month that begins at
          least 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.