PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 	110 STAT. 3009-698

"i) use the information furnished by the applicant pursuant to an application filed under this section for any purpose other than to make a determination on the application, including a determination under subsection (a)(3)(B), or for enforcement of paragraph (7);

(ii) make any publication whereby the information furnished by any particular individual can be identified; or

(iii) permit anyone other than the sworn officers and employees of the Department or bureau or agency or, with respect to applications filed with a designated entity, that designated entity, to examine individual applications.
	
    "B) REQUIRED DISCLOSURES. - The Attorney General shall provide information furnished under this section, and any other information derived from such furnished information, to a duly recognized law enforcement entity in connection with a criminal investigation or prosecution, when such information is requested in writing by such entity, or to an official coroner for purposes of affirmatively identifying a deceased individual (whether or not such individual is deceased as a result of a crime).
    
    "(C) CONSTRUCTION.-

(i) IN GENERAL. - Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the use, or release, for immigration enforcement purposes or law enforcement purposes of information contained in files or records of the Service pertaining to an application filed under this section, other than information furnished by an applicant pursuant to the application, or any other information derived from the application, that is not available from any other source.

(ii) CRIMINAL CONVICTIONS. - Information concerning whether the applicant has at any time been convicted of a crime may be used or released for immigration enforcement or law enforcement purposes.

    "(D) CRIME. - Whoever knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this paragraph shall be fined not more than $10,000.".

SEC. 624. CONTINUED VALIDITY OF LABOR CERTIFICATIONS AND CLASSIFICATION PETITIONS FOR PROFESSIONAL ATH- LETES.

(a) LABOR CERTIFICATION.-Section 212(a)(5)(A) (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(5)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
"(iii) PROFESSIONAL ATHLETES. - 

(I) IN GENERAL. - A certification made under clause (i) with respect to a professional athlete shall remain valid with respect to the athlete after the athlete changes employer, if the new employer is a team in the same sport as the team which employed the athlete when the athlete first applied for the certification.
"(II) DEFINITION. - For purposes of subclause (I), the term 'professional athlete' means an individual who is employed as an athlete by -