110 STAT. 3009–539 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

plans on adjacent or nearby Federal lands, now and in the future. The Secretary shall otherwise manage the Coquille Forest in accordance with the laws pertaining to the management of Indian Trust lands and shall distribute revenue in accord with Public Law 101–630, 25 U.S.C. 3107.

 ‘‘(A) Unprocessed logs harvested from the Coquille Forest shall be subject to the same Federal statutory restrictions on export to foreign Nations that apply to unprocessed logs harvested from Federal lands.

‘‘(B) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, all sales of timber from land subject to this subsection shall be advertised, offered and awarded according to competitive bidding practices, with sales being awarded to the highest responsible bidder.

‘‘(6) INDIAN SELF DETERMINATION ACT AGREEMENT.—No sooner than two years after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary may, upon a satisfactory showing of management competence and pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), enter into a binding Indian self-determination agreement (agreement) with the Coquille Indian Tribe. Such agreement may provide for the tribe to carry out all or a portion of the forest management for the Coquille Forest.

 ‘‘(A) Prior to entering such an agreement, and as a condition of maintaining such an agreement, the Secretary must find that the Coquille Tribe has entered into a binding memorandum of agreement (MOA) with the State of Oregon, as required under paragraph 7.

 ‘‘(B) The authority of the Secretary to rescind the Indian self-determination agreement shall not be encumbered.

 ‘‘(i) The Secretary shall rescind the agreement upon a demonstration that the tribe and the State of Oregon are no longer engaged in a memorandum of agreement as required under paragraph 7.

 ‘‘(ii) The Secretary may rescind the agreement on a showing that the Tribe has managed the Coquille Forest in a manner inconsistent with this subsection, or the Tribe is no longer managing, or capable of managing, the Coquille Forest in a manner consistent with this subsection.

 ‘‘(7) MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT.—The Coquille Tribe shall enter into a memorandum of agreement (MOA) with the State of Oregon relating to the establishment and management of the Coquille Forest. The MOA shall include, but not be limited to, the terms and conditions for managing the Coquille Forest in a manner consistent with paragraph (5) of this subsection, preserving public access, advancing jointly-held resource management goals, achieving tribal restoration objectives and establishing a coordinated management framework. Further, provisions set forth in the MOA shall be consistent with federal trust responsibility requirements applicable to Indian trust lands and paragraph (5) of this subsection.

 ‘‘(8) PUBLIC ACCESS.—The Coquille Forest shall remain open to public access for purposes of hunting, fishing, recreation and transportation, except when closure is required by state or federal law, or when the Coquille Indian Tribe and the