PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009–382

(e) FIRST APPOINTMENT; TRANSFERS; TRANSITION PROVISION.—
    (1) FIRST APPOINTMENT.—The first Inspector General of the United States Postal Service appointed pursuant to the amendments made by this section shall be appointed before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.
    (2) TRANSFERS.—
        (A) IN GENERAL.—All measures described in section 8G(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 necessary to establish an Office of Inspector General within the United States Postal Service pursuant to this section, including all appropriate transfers, shall occur—
            (i) no earlier than the date the appointment under paragraph (1) is made; and
            (ii) no later than 60 days after the date the appointment under paragraph (1) is made.
        (B) PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERSONNEL.—
            (i) CONSULTATION.—Decisions concerning which personnel to be transferred pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be made by the Governors (within the meaning of section 102(3) of title 39, United States Code) in consultation with the Inspector General appointed under paragraph (1).
            (ii) TRANSFERRED PERSONNEL.—Personnel transferred pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall, to the extent not inconsistent with other provisions of this subsection, be transferred in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the transfer of functions within the United States Postal Service, except that, notwithstanding any provision of section 1003(b) of title 39, United States Code, as amended by this section, the classification and compensation of such personnel shall not be reduced, by reason of having been transferred, for 1 year after being so transferred.
    (3) TRANSITION PROVISION.—The Chief Postal Inspector may continue to serve as Inspector General of the United States Postal Service until the date on which an Inspector General is appointed under paragraph (1) or, if earlier, the end of the period referred to in such paragraph. Compensation for any service under this paragraph shall be determined as if this section had not been enacted.
(f) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—
    (1) Section 410(b) of title 39, United States Code, is amended—
        (A) by striking “and” at the end of paragraph (9); and
        (B) by amending paragraph (10) to read as follows:
            “(10) the Inspector General Act of 1978; and”.
    (2)(A) Section 204 of such title 39 is amended—
        (i) by amending the section heading to read as follows:

    “§ 204. General Counsel; Judicial Officer; Chief Postal Inspector”;

        (ii) in the first sentence by striking “and a Judicial Officer,” and inserting “a Judicial Officer, and a Chief Postal Inspector.”;
        (iii) in the second sentence by striking “and the Judicial Officer” and inserting “the Judicial Officer, and the Chief Postal Inspector”; and
        (iv) by adding at the end the following: “The Chief Postal Inspector shall report to, and be under the general supervision