110 STAT. 3009–443        PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

    ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsections (b), 
(c), and (d), a consumer reporting agency may impose a reason- 
able charge on a consumer—
           ‘‘(A) for making a disclosure to the consumer pursuant 
    to section 609, which charge—
                     ‘‘(i) shall not exceed $8; and
                     ‘‘(ii) shall be indicated to the consumer before mak- 
    ing the disclosure; and
           ‘‘(B) for furnishing, pursuant to section 611(d), follow- 
    ing a reinvestigation under section 611(a), a statement, 
    codification, or summary to a person designated by the 
    consumer under that section after the 30-day period begin- 
    ning on the date of notification of the consumer under 
    paragraph (6) or (8) of section 611(a) with respect to the 
    reinvestigation, which charge—
                     ‘‘(i) shall not exceed the charge that the agency 
    would impose on each designated recipient for a 
    consumer report; and
                     ‘‘(ii) shall be indicated to the consumer before fur- 
    nishing such information.
    ‘‘(2) MODIFICATION OF AMOUNT.—The Federal Trade 
Commission shall increase the amount referred to in paragraph 
(1)(A)(i) on January 1 of each year, based proportionally on 
changes in the Consumer Price Index, with fractional changes 
rounded to the nearest fifty cents.
‘‘(b) FREE DISCLOSURE AFTER ADVERSE NOTICE TO CONSUMER.— 
Each consumer reporting agency that maintains a file on a 
consumer shall make all disclosures pursuant to section 609 without 
charge to the consumer if, not later than 60 days after receipt 
by such consumer of a notification pursuant to section 615, or 
of a notification from a debt collection agency affiliated with that 
consumer reporting agency stating that the consumer’s credit rating 
may be or has been adversely affected, the consumer makes a 
request under section 609.
‘‘(c) FREE DISCLOSURE UNDER CERTAIN OTHER CIR- 
CUMSTANCES.—Upon the request of the consumer, a consumer 
reporting agency shall make all disclosures pursuant to section 
609 once during any 12-month period without charge to that 
consumer if the consumer certifies in writing that the consumer—
           ‘‘(1) is unemployed and intends to apply for employment 
    in the 60-day period beginning on the date on which the certifi- 
    cation is made;
           ‘‘(2) is a recipient of public welfare assistance; or
           ‘‘(3) has reason to believe that the file on the consumer 
    at the agency contains inaccurate information due to fraud.
‘‘(d) OTHER CHARGES PROHIBITED.—A consumer reporting 
agency shall not impose any charge on a consumer for providing 
any notification required by this title or making any disclosure 
required by this title, except as authorized by subsection (a).’’.
SEC. 2411. DUTIES OF USERS OF CONSUMER REPORTS.

(a) DUTIES OF USERS TAKING ADVERSE ACTIONS.—Section 615(a) 
of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681m(a)) is amended 
to read as follows:
‘‘(a) DUTIES OF USERS TAKING ADVERSE ACTIONS ON THE BASIS 
OF INFORMATION CONTAINED IN CONSUMER REPORTS.—If any person 
takes any adverse action with respect to any consumer that is