PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-154

AUTHORITIES FOR THE PEACE CORPS, THE INTER-AMERICAN
FOUNDATION AND THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION
SEC. 537. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, provisions
of this or any other Act, including provisions containéd in prior
Acts authorizing or making appropriations for foreign operations, export financing, and related programs, shall not be construed to prohibit activities authorized by or conducted under the Peace Corps Act, the Inter-American Foundation Act, or the African Development Foundation Act. The appropriate agency shall promptly report to the Committees on Appropriations whenever it is conduct- ing activities or is proposing to conduct activities in a country for which assistance is prohibited.

IMPACT ON JOBS IN THE UNITED STATES
SEC. 538. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to provide—
(a) any financial incentive to a business enterprise cur- rently located in the United States for the purpose of inducing such an enterprise to relocate outside the United States if
such incentive or inducement is likely to reduce the number of employees of such business enterprise in the United States because United States production is being replaced by such enterprises outside the United States;
(b) assistance for the purpose of establishing or developing
in a foreign country any export processing zone or designated
area in which the tax, tariff, labor, environment, and safety
laws of that country do not apply, in part or in whole, to activities carried out within that zone or area, unless the Presi- dent determines and certifies that such assistance is not likely to cause a loss of jobs within the United States; or
(c) assistance for any project or activity that contributes to the violation of internationally recognized workers rights,
as defined in section 502(a)(4) of the Trade Act of 1974, of workers in the recipient country, including any designated zone or area in that country: Provided, That in recognition that the application of this subsection should be commensurate with the level of development of the recipient country and sector, the provisions of this subsection shall not preclude assistance for the informal sector in such country, micro and small-scale enterprise, and smallholder agriculture.

AUTHORITY TO ASSIST BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA
SEC. 539. (a) The President is authorized to direct the transfer,
subject to prior notification of the Committees on Appropriations, to the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina, without reimburse- ment, of defense articles from the stocks of the Department of Defense and defense services of the Department of Defense of an aggregate value of not to exceed $100,000,000 in fiscal years 1996 and 1997: Provided, That the President certifies in a timely fashion to the Congress that the transfer of such articles would assist that nation in self-defense and thereby promote the security and stability of the region.
(b) Within 60 days of any transfer under the authority provided in subsection (a), and every 60 days thereafter, the President shall report in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives