PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-376

(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); 
(5) in subsection (g)—
(A) in paragraph (1) by striking out “after December 31, 1987, and”, and by adding at the end of the paragraph the following sentence: “Before a loan is issued, the Executive Director shall provide in writing the employee or Member with appropriate information concerning the cost of the loan relative to other sources of financing, as well as the lifetime cost of the loan, including the difference in interest rates between the funds offered by the Thrift Savings Fund, and any other effect of such loan on the employee’s or Member’s final account balance.”; and
(B) by striking out paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively; and
(6) by adding after subsection (g) the following new subsection:
“(h)(1) An employee or Member may apply, before separation,
to the Board for permission to withdraw an amount from the employee’s or Member’s account based upon—
“(A) the employee or Member having attained age 59½; or  
“(B) financial hardship.
“(2) A withdrawal under paragraph (1)(A) shall be available 
to each eligible participant one time only.  
“(3) A withdrawal under paragraph (1)(B) shall be available 
only for an amount not exceeding the value of that portion of such account which is attributable to contributions made by the employee or Member under section 8432(a) of this title. 
“(4) Withdrawals under paragraph (1) shall be subject to such other conditions as the Executive Director may prescribe by regulation.  
“(5) A withdrawal may not be made under this subsection unless the requirements of section 8435(e) of this title are satisfied.”.
(b) INVALIDITY OF CERTAIN PRIOR ELECTIONS.—Any election made under section 8433(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code (as in effect before the effective date of this title), with respect to 
an annuity which has not commenced before the implementation date of this title as provided by regulation by the Executive Director in accordance with section 207 of this title, shall be invalid.
5 USC 8433 note.
SEC. 204. SURVIVOR ANNUITIES FOR FORMER SPOUSES; NOTICE TO 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM SPOUSES FOR IN-SERVICE WITHDRAWALS 
Section 8435 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(A)— 
(A) by striking out “may make an election under subsection (b)(3) or (b)(4) or section 8433 of this title or change 
an election previously made under subsection (b)(1) or (b)(2) of such section” and inserting in lieu thereof “may withdraw all or part of a Thrift Savings Fund account under subsection (b) (2), (3), or (4) of section 8433 of this title or change a withdrawal election”; and
(B) by adding at the end thereof “A married employee 
or Member (or former employee of Member) may make 
a withdrawal from a Thrift Savings Fund account under