PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-346

Sec. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to provide any non-public information such as mailing or telephone lists to any person or any organization outside of the Federal Government without the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations.
Sec. 512. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity unless the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with sections 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a-10c, popularly known as the “Buy American Act”).
Sec. 513. (a) PURCHASE OF AMERICAN-MADE EQUIPMENT AND PRODUCTS.—In the case of any equipment or products that may be authorized to be purchased with financial assistance provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that entities receiving such assistance should, in expending the assistance, purchase only American-made equipment and products.
(b) NOTICE TO RECIPIENTS OF ASSISTANCE.—In providing financial assistance under this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall provide to each recipient of the assistance a notice describing the statement made in subsection (a) by the Congress.
Sec. 514. If it has been finally determined by a court or Federal agency that any person intentionally affixed a label bearing a “Made in America” inscription, or any inscription with the same meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in the United States, such person shall be ineligible to receive any contract or subcontract made with funds provided pursuant to this Act, pursuant to the debarment, suspension, and ineligibility procedures described in sections 9.400 through 9.409 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations.
Sec. 515. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 1997 from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 1997 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 1998, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds.
Sec. 516. Where appropriations in this Act are expendable for travel expenses of employees and no specific limitation has been placed thereon, the expenditures for such travel expenses may not exceed the amount set forth in the budget estimates submitted for appropriations without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this section shall not apply to travel performed by uncompensated officials of local boards and appeal boards in the Selective Service System; to travel performed directly in connection with care and treatment of medical beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to travel of the Office of Personnel Management in carrying out its observation responsibilities of the Voting Rights Act; or to payments to interagency motor pools separately set forth in the budget schedules: Provided further, That this provision does not apply to accounts that do not contain an object identification for travel.
Sec. 517. Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation during the fiscal year ending September 30, 1997, and thereafter: