PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996                              110 STAT. 3009-368

        “(b) For purposes of this section, any term used in this section
that is defined in section 513(c) has the same meaning given such
term in section 513(c).
        “(c) The United States Secret Service, in addition to any other
agency having such authority, shall have authority to investigate
offenses under this section.”.
        (2) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis for chapter 25
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after
the item relating to section 513 the following:

“514. Fictitious obligations.”.

        (c) PERIOD OF EFFECT.—This section and the amendments made
by this section shall become effective on the date of enactment
of this Act and shall remain in effect during each fiscal year
following that date of enactment.
        SEC. 649. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may
be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address
to any labor organization except when it is made known to the
Federal official having authority to obligate or expend such funds
that the employee has authorized such disclosure or that such
disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.
        SEC. 650. (a) No later than 45 days after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of each Federal depart-
ment or agency that uses administratively uncontrollable overtime
in the pay of any employee shall—
        (1) conduct an audit on the use of administratively
uncontrollable overtime by employees of such department or
agency, which shall include—
                (A) an examination of the policies, extent, costs, and
other relevant aspects of the use of administratively
uncontrollable overtime at the department or agency; and
                (B) a determination of whether the eligility criteria
of the department or agency and payment of administratively uncontrollable overtime comply with Federal statu-
tory and regulatory requirements; and
        (2) submit a report of the findings and conclusions of such
audit to—
                (A) the Office of Personnel Management;
                (B) the Governmental Affairs Committee of the Senate;
and
                (C) the Government Reform and Oversight Committee
of the House of Representatives.
        (b) No later than 30 days after the submission of the report
under subsection (a), the Office of Personnel Management shall
issue revised guidelines to all Federal departments and agencies
that—
        (1) limit the use of administratively uncontrollable overtime
to employees meeting the statutory intent of section 5545(c)(2)
of title 5, United States Code; and
        (2) expressly prohibit the use of administratively uncontroll-
able overtime for—
                (A) customary or routine work duties; and
                (B) work duties that are primarily administrative in
nature, or occur in noncompelling circumstances.
        SEC. 651. Notwithstanding section 8116 of title 5, United States
Code, and in addition to any payment made under 5 U.S.C. 8101
et seq., beginning in fiscal year 1997 and thereafter, the head