110 STAT. 3009–89      PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

SEC. 8007. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used
to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30
calendar days in session in advance to the congressional defense
committees.
SEC. 8008. None of the funds contained in this Act available
for the Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Uniformed
Services shall be available for payments to physicians and other
non-institutional health care providers in excess of the amounts
allowed in fiscal year 1996 for similar services, except that: (a)
for services for which the Secretary of Defense determines an
increase is justified by economic circumstances, the allowable
amounts may be increased in accordance with appropriate economic
index data similar to that used pursuant to title XVIII of the
Social Security Act; and (b) for services the Secretary determines
are overpriced based on allowable payments under title XVIII of
the Social Security Act, the allowable amounts shall be reduced
by not more than 15 percent (except that the reduction may be
waived if the Secretary determines that it would impair adequate
access to health care services for beneficiaries). The Secretary shall
solicit public comment prior to promulgating regulations to implement
this section. Such regulations shall include a limitation, similar
to that used under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, on
the extent to which a provider may bill a beneficiary an actual
charge in excess of the allowable amount.
SEC. 8009. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be
available to initiate (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic
order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one
year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liability
in excess of $20,000,000, or (2) a contract for advance procurement
leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless
the congressional defense committees have been notified at least
thirty days in advance of the proposed contract award: Provided,
That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall
be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic
order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the
limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further, That no part
of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to
initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed
$500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further,
That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated
without 10-day prior notification to the congressional defense
committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear
authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided
further, That notwithstanding Section 8010 of Public Law 104–
61, funds appropriated for the DDG–51 destroyer program in Public
Law 104–61 may be used to initiate a multiyear contract for the
Arleigh Burke class destroyer program.
Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for
multiyear procurement contracts as follows:
Javelin missiles;
Army Tactical Missile System (ATACMS);
MK19–3 grenade machine guns;
M16A2 rifles;
M249 Squad Automatic Weapons;
