PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996 110 STAT. 3009-696

“(i) the alien demonstrates a bona fide offer of full-time employment at a health facility or health care organization, which employment has been determined by the Attorney General to be in the public interest; and
“ (ii) the alien agrees to begin employment with the health facility or health care organization within 90 days of receiving such waiver, and agrees to continue to work for a total of not less than 3 years (unless the Attorney General determines that extenuating circumstances exist, such as closure of the facility or hardship to the alien, which would justify a lesser period of employment at such health facility or health care organization, in which case the alien must demonstrate another bona fide offer of employment at a health facility or health care organization for the remainder of such 3-year period); and
“(D) in the case of a request by an interested Federal agency (other than a request by an interested Federal agency to employ the alien full-time in medical research or training) or by an interested State agency, the alien agrees to practice medicine in accordance with paragraph (2) for a total of not less than 3 years only in the geographic area or areas which are designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals.
“(2)(A) Notwithstanding section 248(2), the Attorney General may change the status of an alien who qualifies under this subsection and section 212(e) to that of an alien described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b).
“ (B) No person who has obtained a change of status under subparagraph (A) and who has failed to fulfill the terms of the contract with the health facility or health care organization named in the waiver application shall be eligible to apply for an immigrant visa, for permanent residence, or for any other change of nonimmigrant status, until it is established that such person has resided and been physically present in the country of his nationality or his last residence for an aggregate of at least 2 years following departure from the United States.
“(3) Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the 2-year foreign residence requirement under section 212(e) shall apply with respect to an alien described in clause (ii) of such section, who has not otherwise been accorded status under section 101(a)(27)(I), if—
“ (A) at any time the alien ceases to comply with any agreement entered into under subparagraph (C) or (D) of paragraph (1); or
“ (B) the alien’s employment ceases to benefit the public interest at any time during the 3-year period described in paragraph (1)(C).”.

SEC. 623. USE OF LEGALIZATION AND SPECIAL AGRICULTURAL WORKER INFORMATION.

(a) CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION.—Section 245a(c)(5) (8 U.S.C. 1255a(c)(5)) is amended to read as follows:
“(5) CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION.—
“ (A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in this paragraph, neither the Attorney General, nor any other official