110 STAT. 3009-207 PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

GIFTS, DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH

For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b), $92,000, to remain available until expended, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act.

ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS, FOREST SERVICE

Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (a) purchase of not to exceed 159 passenger motor vehicles of which 14 will be used primarily for law enforcement purposes and of which 149 shall be for replacement; acquisition of 10 passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; operation and maintenance of aircraft, the purchase of not to exceed two for replacement only, and acquisition of 20 aircraft from excess sources; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft; (b) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 for employment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (c) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (d) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein, pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (e) for expenses pursuant to the Volunteers in the National Forest Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, 558a note); and (f) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c).

None of the funds made available under this Act shall be obligated or expended to change the boundaries of any region, to abolish any region, to move or close any regional office for research, State and private forestry, or National Forest System administration of the Forest Service, Department of Agriculture, or to implement any reorganization, "reinvention" or other type of organizational restructuring of the Forest Service, other than the relocation of the Regional Office for Region 5 of the Forest Service from San Francisco to excess military property at Mare Island, Vallejo, California, without the consent of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations.

Any funds available to the Forest Service may be used for retrofitting Mare Island facilities to accommodate the Regional Office: Provided, That funds for the move must come from funds otherwise available to Region 5: Provided further, That any funds to be provided for such purposes shall only be available upon approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations.

Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation and may be used for forest firefighting and the emergency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction.

Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development and the Foreign Agricultural Service in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations.