110 STAT. 3009-345   PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would prohibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930.

Sec. 505. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for the purpose of transferring control over the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center located at Glynco, Georgia, and Artesia, New Mexico, out of the Treasury Department.

Sec. 506. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not heretofore authorized by the Congress.

Sec. 507. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the United States Postal Service, who—
 
(1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to pro­hibit or prevent, any officer or employee of the United States Postal Service from having any direct oral or written commu­nication or contact with any Member or committee of Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such officer or employee or pertaining to the United States Postal Service in any way, irrespective of whether such commu­nication or contact is at the initiative of such officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member or committee; or
 
(2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, status, pay, or performance of effi­ciency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, trans­fers, disciplines, or discriminates in regard to any employment right, entitlement, or benefit, or any term or condition of employment of, any officer or employee of the United States Postal Service, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing actions with respect to such officer or employee, by reason of any communication or contact of such officer or employee with any Member or committee of Congress as described in paragraph (1).

Sec. 508. The Office of Personnel Management may, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 1997, accept donations of supplies, services, land, and equipment for the Federal Executive Institute and Management Development Centers to assist in enhancing the quality of Federal management.

Sec. 509. The United States Secret Service may, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 1997, and hereafter, accept dona­tions of money to off-set costs incurred while protecting former Presidents and spouses of former Presidents when the former Presi­dent or spouse travels for the purpose of making an appearance or speech for a payment of money or any thing of value.

Sec. 510. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to pay the salary for any person filling a position, other than a temporary position, formerly held by an employee who has left to enter the Armed Forces of the United States and has satisfactorily completed his period of active military or naval service and has within 90 days after his release from such service or from hospitalization continuing after discharge for a period of not more than 1 year made application for restoration to his former position and has been certified by the Office of Personnel Manage­ment as still qualified to perform the duties of his former position and has not been restored thereto.