110 STAT. 3009-541 PUBLIC LAW 104-208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(H) regulation of the use of herbicides and pesticides; and

“(I) enforcement of public health and safety standards, including standards for the protection of workers, well construction and codes governing the construction of bridges, buildings, and other structures.

”(11) Savings Clause, State Authority. —

“(A) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to grant tribal authority over private or State-owned lands.

“(B) To the extent that the State of Oregon is regulating the foregoing areas pursuant to a delegated Federal authority or a Federal program, nothing in this subsection shall be construed to enlarge or diminish the State’s authority under such law.

“(C) Where both the State of Oregon and the United States are regulating, nothing herein shall be construed to alter their respective authorities.

“(D) To the extent that Federal law authorizes the Coquille Indian Tribe to assume regulatory authority over an area, nothing herein shall be construed to enlarge or diminish the tribe’s authority to do so under such law.

“(E) Unless and except to the extent that the tribe has assumed jurisdiction over the Coquille Forest pursuant to Federal law, or otherwise with the consent of the State, the State of Oregon shall have jurisdiction and authority to enforce its laws addressing the subjects listed in subparagraph 10 of this subsection on the Coquille Forest against the Coquille Indian Tribe, its members and all other persons and entities, in the same manner and with the same remedies and protections and appeal rights as otherwise provided by general Oregon law. Where the State of Oregon and Coquille Indian Tribe agree regarding the exercise of tribal civil regulatory jurisdiction over activities on the Coquille Forest lands, the tribe may exercise such jurisdiction as its agreed upon.

“(12) In the event of a conflict between Federal and State law under this subsection, Federal law shall control.”
TITLE VI—BULL RUN WATERSHED PROTECTION

SEC. 601. The first sentence of section 2(a) of Public Law 95-200 is amended after “referred to in this subsection (a)” by striking “(b)” and inserting in lieu thereof “(c)”.

SEC. 602. The first sentence of section 2(b) of Public Law 95-200 is amended after “the policy set forth in subsection (a)” by inserting “and (b)”.

SEC. 603. Section 2(b) of Public Law 95-200 is redesigned as “2(c)”.

SEC. 604 (a) Public Law 95–200 is amended by adding a new section 2(b) immediately after subsection 2(a), as follows: “(b) Timber Cutting.—
”(1) In General.— Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Agriculture shall prohibit the cutting of trees in that part of the unit consisting of the hydrographic boundary of the Bull Run River Drainage, including certain lands within the