PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

110 STAT. 3009–362

(D) A motion in the Senate to further limit debate on a resolution, debatable motion, or appeal is not debatable. No amendment to, or motion to recommit, a resolution is in order in the Senate.

(4) In the case of a resolution, if prior to the passage by one House of a resolution of that House, that House receives a resolution with respect to the same matter from the other House, then—
(A) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no resolution had been received from the other House; but
(B) the vote on final passage shall be on the resolution of the other House.
(5) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘joint resolution’’ means only a joint resolution of the 2 Houses of Congress, the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the Congress disapproves the action of the President under section 628(c) of the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government Appropriations Act, 1997, notice of which was submitted to the Congress on ....................’’, with the blank space being filled with the appropriate date.
(d) APPLICABILITY.—This section—
(1) shall not apply to any action taken as part of the program of assistance to Mexico announced by the President on January 31, 1995; and
(2) shall remain in effect through fiscal year 1997.
SEC. 629. (a) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—Section 640 of Public Law 104–52 (109 Stat. 513) is amended by striking ‘‘Service performed’’ and inserting ‘‘Hereafter, service performed’’.
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in Public Law 104–52 on the date of its enactment.
SEC. 630. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no part of any appropriation contained in this Act for any fiscal year shall be available for paying Sunday premium or differential pay to any employee unless such employee actually performed work during the time corresponding to such premium or differential pay.
SEC. 631. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by any agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, and for the preparation, distribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, radio, television or film presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress itself.
SEC. 632. (a) The United States Courthouse under construction at 1030 Southwest 3d Avenue in Portland, Oregon, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse’’.
(b) Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the courthouse referred to in section 901 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse’’.
(c) This section shall take effect on January 2, 1997.
SEC. 633. SURVIVOR ANNUITY RESUMPTION UPON TERMINATION OF MARRIAGE.—(a) AMENDMENTS.—