110 STAT. 3009–537    PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), the Secretary may redesignate public domain land located in and west of Range 9 East, Willamette Meridian, Oregon, as land subject to that Act.

(f) TIMETABLE.—The exchange directed by this section shall be consummated not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this title.

(g) WITHDRAWAL OF LANDS.—All lands managed by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, located in Townships 2 and 3 South, Ranges 6 and 7 East, Willamette Meridian, which can be seen from the right-of-way of U.S. Highway 26 (in this section, such lands are referred to as the ‘‘Mt. Hood Corridor Lands’’), shall be managed primarily for the protection or enhancement of scenic qualities. Management prescriptions for other resource values associated with these lands shall be planned and conducted for purposes other than timber harvest, so as not to impair the scenic qualities of the area.

(h) TIMBER CUTTING.—Timber cutting may be conducted on Mt. Hood Corridor Lands following a resource-damaging catastrophic event. Such cutting may only be conducted to achieve the following resource management objectives, in compliance with the current land use plans—
(1) to maintain safe conditions for the visiting public;
(2) to control the continued spread of forest fire;
(3) for activities related to administration of the Mt. Hood Corridor Lands; or
(4) for removal of hazard trees along trails and roadways.

(i) ROAD CLOSURE.—The forest road gate located on Forest Service Road 2503, located in T. 2 S., R. 6 E., sec. 14, shall remain closed and locked to protect resources and prevent illegal dumping and vandalism. Access to this road shall be limited to—
(1) Federal and State officers and employees acting in an official capacity;
(2) employees and contractors conducting authorized activities associated with the telecommunications site located in T. 2 S., R. 6 E., sec. 14; and 
(3) the general public for recreational purposes, except that all motorized vehicles will be prohibited.
(j) NEPA EXEMPTION.—The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (P.L. 91–190) shall not apply to this section one year after the date of enactment of this title.

(k) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.

TITLE V—COQUILLE TRIBAL FOREST

SEC. 501. CREATION OF THE COQUILLE FOREST.

(a) The Coquille Restoration Act (P.L. 101–42) is amended by inserting at the end of section 5 the following: ‘‘(d) CREATION OF THE COQUILLE FOREST.—
‘‘(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
‘‘(A) The term ‘Coquille Forest’ means certain lands in Coos County, Oregon, comprising approximately 5,400 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Coquille Forest Proposal’, dated July 8, 1996.