110 STAT. 3009-161      PUBLIC LAW 104-208--SEPT. 30, 1996

of international law in the former Yugoslavia and to furnish that 
information to the United Nations War Crimes Tribunal for the 
former Yugoslavia.

LANDMINES

SEC. 556. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, demining 
equipment available to the Agency for International Development
and the Department of State and used in support of the clearing 
of landmines and unexploded ordnance for humanitarian purposes 
may be disposed of on a grant basis in foreign countries, subject 
to such terms and conditions as the President may prescribe: Pro-
vided, That section 1365(c) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 22 U.S.C., 2778 
note) is amended by striking out “During the five-year period begin-
ning on October 23, 1992” and inserting in lieu thereof “During 
the eight-year period beginning on October 23, 1992”.

RESTRICTIONS CONCERNING THE PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY

SEC. 557. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may 
be obligated or expended to create in any part of Jerusalem a 
new office of any department or agency of the United States Govern-
ment for the purpose of conducting official United States Govern-
ment business with the Palestinian Authority over Gaza and Jericho 
or any successor Palestinian governing entity provided for in the 
Israel-PLO Declaration of Principles: Provided, That this restriction 
shall not apply to the acquisition of additional space for the existing 
Consulate General in Jerusalem: Provided further, That meetings 
between officers and employees of the United States and officials 
of the Palestinian Authority, or any successor Palestinian governing 
entity provided for in the Israel-PLO Declaration of Principles, 
for the purpose of conducting official United States Government 
business with such authority should continue to take place in loca-
tions other than Jerusalem. As has been true in the past, officers 
and employees of the United States Government may continue 
to meet in Jerusalem on other subjects with Palestinians (including 
those who now occupy positions in the Palestinian Authority), have 
social contacts, and have incidental discussions.

PROHIBITION OF PAYMENT OF CERTAIN EXPENSES

SEC. 558. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made 
available by this Act under the heading “INTERNATIONAL MILITARY 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING” or “FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PRO-
GRAM” for Informational Program activities may be obligated or 
expended to pay for—
    (1) alcoholic beverages;
    (2) food (other than food provided at a military installation) 
         not provided in conjunction with Informational Program trips 
         where students do not stay at a military installation; or
    (3) entertainment expenses for activities that are substan-
         tially of a recreational character, including entrance fees at 
         sporting events and amusement parks.

HUMANITARIAN CORRIDORS

SEC 559. The Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended 
by adding immediately after section 620H the following new section:
