110 STAT. 3009–563         PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

of sections 274 and 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act by a number equivalent to 300 full-time active-duty investigators in each of fiscal years 1997, 1998, and 1999.

(b) ALLOCATION OF INVESTIGATORS.—At least one-half of the investigators hired with funds made available under subsection (a) shall be assigned to investigate potential violations of section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act.

(c) LIMITATION ON OVERTIME.—None of the funds made available under subsection (a) shall be available for administrative expenses to pay any employee overtime pay in an amount in excess of $25,000 for any fiscal year.
SEC. 132. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR INCREASE IN 
      NUMBER OF INVESTIGATORS OF VISA OVERSTAYERS.

There are authorized to be appropriated such funds as may be necessary to enable the Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization to increase the number of investigators and support personnel to investigate visa overstayers by a number equivalent to 300 full-time active-duty investigators in fiscal year 1997.
SEC. 133. ACCEPTANCE OF STATE SERVICES TO CARRY OUT IMMIGRA-
      TION ENFORCEMENT.

Section 287 (8 U.S.C. 1357) is amended by adding at the end the following:

(g)(1) Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Attorney General may enter into a written agreement with a State, or any political subdivision of a State, pursuant to which an officer or employee of the State or subdivision, who is determined by the Attorney General to be qualified to perform a function of an immigration officer in relation to the investigation, apprehension, or detention of aliens in the United States (including the transportation of such aliens across State lines to detention centers), may carry out such function at the expense of the State or political subdivision and to the extent consistent with State and local law.

(2) An agreement under this subsection shall require that an officer or employee of a State or political subdivision of a State performing a function under the agreement shall have knowledge of, and adhere to, Federal law relating to the function, and shall contain a written certification that the officers or employees performing the function under the agreement have received adequate training regarding the enforcement of relevant Federal immigration laws.

(3) In performing a function under this subsection, an officer or employee of a State or political subdivision of a State shall be subject to the direction and supervision of the Attorney General.

(4) In performing a function under this subsection, an officer or employee of a State or political subdivision of a State may use Federal property or facilities, as provided in a written agreement between the Attorney General and the State or subdivision.

(5) With respect to each officer or employee of a State or political subdivision who is authorized to perform a function under this subsection, the specific powers and duties that may be acc exercised or performed by the individual, the duration of the authority of the individual, and the position of the agency of the Attorney General who is required to supervise and direct the individual, shall be set forth in a written agreement between the Attorney General and the State or political subdivision.