110 STAT. 3009–307 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

“(A) financial assistance awarded under the Museum and Library Services Act for library services; and
“(B) projects described in section 262(a)(4) of such Act; and
“(2) measures to ensure that the policies and activities of the Institute of Museum and Library Services are coordinated with other activities of the Federal Government.
“(c)(1) The Commission shall meet not less than 1 time each year in a joint meeting with the National Museum Services Board, convened for purposes of providing advice on general policy with respect to financial assistance for projects described in section 262(a)(4) of such Act.
“(2) All decisions by the Commission and the National Museum Services Board with respect to the advice on general policy described in paragraph (1) shall be made by a ⅔ majority vote of the total number of the members of the Commission and the National Museum Services Board who are present.
“(3) A majority of the members of the Commission and a majority of the members of the National Museum Services Board shall constitute a quorum for the conduct of business at official joint meetings of the Commission and the National Museum Services Board.”
(b) MEMBERSHIP.—Section 6 of the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science Act (20 U.S.C. 1505) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)—
(A) in the first sentence, by striking “Librarian of Congress” and inserting “Librarian of Congress, the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services (who shall serve as an ex officio, nonvoting member),”;
(B) in the second sentence—
(i) by striking “special competence or interest in” and inserting “special competence in or knowledge of ”;
and
(ii) by inserting before the period the following: “and at least one other of whom shall be knowledgeable with respect to the library and information service and science needs of the elderly”;
(C) in the third sentence, by inserting “appointive” before “members”; and
(D) in the last sentence, by striking “term and at least” and all that follows and inserting “term.”; and
(2) in subsection (b), by striking “the rate specified” and all that follows through “and while” and inserting “the daily equivalent of the maximum rate authorized for a position above grade GS–15 of the General Schedule under section 5108 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel- time) during which the members are engaged in the business of the Commission. While”.

SEC. 704. TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS FROM INSTITUTE OF MUSEUM SERVICES.

(a) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section, unless otherwise provided or indicated by the context—
(1) the term “Federal agency” has the meaning given to the term “agency” by section 551(1) of title 5, United States Code;