110 STAT. 3009–311 PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996

(2) The Institute of Museum Services with regard to functions transferred under subsection (b), shall be deemed to refer to the Institute of Museum and Library Services.

(m) ADDITIONAL CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—

(1) recommended legislation.—After consultation with the appropriate committees of Congress and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services shall prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress recommended legislation containing technical and conforming amendments to reflect the changes made by this section.

(2) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 6 months after the effective date of this section, the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the recommended legislation referred to under paragraph (1).

SEC. 705. SERVICE OF INDIVIDUALS SERVING ON DATE OF ENACTMENT.

Notwithstanding section 204 of the Museum and Library Services Act, the individual who was appointed to the position of Director of the Institute of Museum Services under section 205 of the Museum Services Act (as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) and who is serving in such position on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall serve as the first Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services under section 204 of the Museum and Library Services Act (as added by section 2 of this Act), and shall serve at the pleasure of the President.

SEC. 706. CONSIDERATION.
	
Consistent with title 5. United States Code, in appointing employees of the Office of Library Services, the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services shall give strong consideration to individuals with experience in administering State-based and national library and information services programs.

SEC. 707. TRANSITION AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS.

(a) TRANSITION.—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall take appropriate measures to ensure an orderly transition from the activities previously administered by the Director of Library Programs in the Office of Educational Research and Improvement in the Department of Education to the activities administered by the Institute for Museum and Library Services under this Act. Such measures may include the transfer of appropriated funds.

(b) TRANSFER.—From any amounts available to the Secretary of Education for salaries and expenses at the Department of Education, the Secretary of Education shall transfer to the Director the amount of funds necessary to ensure the orderly transition from activities previously administered by the Director of the Office of Library Programs in the Office of Educational Research and Improvement in the Department of Education to the activities administered by the Institute for Museum and Library Services. In no event shall the amount of funds transferred pursuant to the preceding sentence be less than $200,000.