110 STAT. 3009–225          PUBLIC LAW 104–208—SEPT. 30, 1996
  
         (A) The NE¼ of SW¼ of section 27 of township 27 north, range 17 east, Willamette Meridian, Chelan County, Washington.
         (B) The N½ of SE¼ of SW¼ of such section 27.
         (C) The W½ of NW¼ of SE¼ of such section 27.
         (D) The NW¼ of SW¼ of SE¼ of such section 27.
         (E) The E½ of NW¼ of the SE¼ of such section 27.
         (F) That portion of the S½ of SE¼ of SW¼ lying north of the northerly edge of Highway 209 rightof-way of such section 27.
    (2) PUBLIC UTILITY DISTRICT LANDS.—The lands owned by the Public Utility District are 109.15 acres, more or less, with the following legal descriptions:
         (A) S½ of SW¼ of section 35 of township 26 north, range 17 east, Willamette Meridian, Chelan County, Washington.
         (B) The area specified by Public Utility District No. 1 as Government Lot 5 in such section 35.
    (c) REQUIREMENTS FOR EXCHANGE.—
         (1) TITLE ACCEPTANCE AND CONVEYANCE.—Upon offer by the Public Utility District of all right, title and interest in and to the lands described in subsection (b)(2), if the title is found acceptable by the Secretary, the Secretary shall accept title to such lands and interests therein and shall convey to the Public Utility District all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the lands described in subsection (b)(1).
         (2) APPRAISALS REQUIRED.—Before making an exchange pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall conduct appraisals of the lands that are subject to the exchange to determine the fair market value of the lands. Such appraisals shall not include the value of the wastewater treatment facility referred to in paragraph (4)(A).
         (3) ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATION.—If, on the basis of the appraisals made under paragraph (1), the Secretary determines that the fair market value of the lands to be conveyed by one party under subsection (a) is less than the fair market value of the lands to be conveyed by the other party under subsection (a), then, as a condition of making the exchange under subsection (a), the party conveying the lands with the lesser value shall pay the other party the amount by which the fair market value of the lands of greater value exceeds the fair market value of the lands of lesser value.
         (4) CONVEYANCE OF WASTEWATER TREATMENT FACILITY.—(A) As part of an exchange made under subsection (a), the Secretary shall convey to the Public Utility District of Chelan County, Washington, all right, title and interest of the United States in and to the wastewater treatment facility (including the wastewater treatment plant and associated lagoons) located on the lands described in subsection (b)(1) that is in existence on the date of the exchange.