110 STAT. 3009-591 PUBLIC LAW 104-208-SEPT. 30, 1996

under this paragraph shall (except in cases described in section 242(b)(5)) be confined to (i) the validity of the notice provided to the alien, (ii) the reasons for the alien's not attending the proceeding, and (iii) whether or not the alien is removable.
``(E) ADDITIONAL APPLICATION TO CERTAIN ALIENS IN CONTIGUOUS TERRITORY.--The preceding provisions of this paragraph shall apply to all aliens placed in proceedings under this section, including any alien who remains in a contiguous foreign territory pursuant to section 235(b)(2)(C).
``(6) TREATMENT OF FRIVOLOUS BEHAVIOR.--The Attorney General shall, by regulation--
``(A) define in a proceeding before an immigration judge or before an appellate administrative body under this title, frivolous behavior for which attorneys may be sanctioned,
``(B) specify the circumstances under which an administrative appeal of a decision or ruling will be considered frivolous and will be summarily dismissed, and
``(C) impose appropriate sanctions (which may include suspension and disbarment) in the case of frivolous behavior.
Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as limiting the authority of the Attorney General to take actions with respect to inappropriate behavior.
``(7) LIMITATION ON DISCRETIONARY RELIEF FOR FAILURE TO APPEAR.--Any alien against whom a final order of removal is entered in absentia under this subsection and who, at the time of the notice described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 239(a), was provided oral notice, either in the alien's native language or in another language the alien understands, of the time and place of the proceedings and of the consequences under this paragraph of failing, other than because of exceptional circumstances (as defined in subsection (e)(1)) to attend a proceeding under this section, shall not be eligible for relief under section 240A, 240B, 245, 248, or 249 for a period of 10 years after the date of the entry of the final order of removal.
``(c) DECISION AND BURDEN OF PROOF.--
``(1) DECISION.--
``(A) IN GENERAL.--At the conclusion of the proceeding the immigration judge shall decide whether an alien is removable from the United States. The determination of the immigration judge shall be based only on the evidence produced at the hearing.
``(B) CERTAIN MEDICAL DECISIONS.--If a medical officer or civil surgeon or board of medical officers has certified under section 232(b) that an alien has a disease, illness, or addiction which would make the alien inadmissible under paragraph (1) of section 212(a), the decision of the immigration judge shall be based solely upon such certification.
``(2) BURDEN ON ALIEN.--In the proceeding the alien has the burden of establishing--
``(A) if the alien is an applicant for admission, that the alien is clearly and beyond doubt entitled to be admitted and is not inadmissible under section 212; or